
 10-Q
 1
 aep20152q10q.htm
 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER 2Q2015 10-Q
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 AEP 2015 2Q 10Q 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549 FORM 10-Q [X] QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For The Quarterly Period Ended  June 30, 2015   OR [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For The Transition Period from ____ to ____ Commission   Registrants; States of Incorporation;   I.R.S. Employer File Number   Address and Telephone Number   Identification Nos.           1-3525   AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. (A New York Corporation)   13-4922640 1-3457   APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY (A Virginia Corporation)   54-0124790 1-3570   INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY (An Indiana Corporation)   35-0410455 1-6543   OHIO POWER COMPANY (An Ohio Corporation)   31-4271000 0-343   PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA (An Oklahoma Corporation)   73-0410895 1-3146   SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY (A Delaware Corporation)   72-0323455     1 Riverside Plaza, Columbus, Ohio 43215-2373         Telephone (614) 716-1000     Indicate by check mark whether the registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.             Yes X   No     Indicate by check mark whether the registrants have submitted electronically and posted on their corporate websites, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrants were required to submit and post such files).             Yes X   No     Indicate by check mark whether American Electric Power Company, Inc. is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   Large accelerated filer X   Accelerated filer                 Non-accelerated filer     Smaller reporting company     Indicate by check mark whether Appalachian Power Company, Indiana Michigan Power Company, Ohio Power Company, Public Service Company of Oklahoma and Southwestern Electric Power Company are large accelerated filers, accelerated filers, non-accelerated filers or smaller reporting companies.  See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   Large accelerated filer     Accelerated filer                 Non-accelerated filer X   Smaller reporting company     Indicate by check mark whether the registrants are shell companies (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).             Yes     No X   Appalachian Power Company, Indiana Michigan Power Company, Ohio Power Company, Public Service Company of Oklahoma and Southwestern Electric Power Company meet the conditions set forth in General Instruction H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and are therefore filing this Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format specified in General Instruction H(2) to Form 10-Q.   Number of shares  of common stock  outstanding of the  registrants as of   July 23, 2015     American Electric Power Company, Inc. 490,559,618   ($6.50 par value) Appalachian Power Company 13,499,500   (no par value) Indiana Michigan Power Company 1,400,000   (no par value) Ohio Power Company 27,952,473   (no par value) Public Service Company of Oklahoma 9,013,000   ($15 par value) Southwestern Electric Power Company 7,536,640   ($18 par value) AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES INDEX OF QUARTERLY REPORTS ON FORM 10-Q June 30, 2015                   Page         Number Glossary of Terms i           Forward-Looking Information iv           Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION               Items 1, 2, 3 and 4 - Financial Statements, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and Controls and Procedures:             American Electric Power Company, Inc. and Subsidiary Companies:     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 1   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 43   Index of Condensed Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 49           Appalachian Power Company and Subsidiaries:     Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations 104   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 109   Index of Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries 115           Indiana Michigan Power Company and Subsidiaries:     Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations 117   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 123   Index of Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries 129           Ohio Power Company and Subsidiaries:     Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations 131   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 138   Index of Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries 144           Public Service Company of Oklahoma:     Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations 146   Condensed Financial Statements 150   Index of Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries 156           Southwestern Electric Power Company Consolidated:     Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations 158   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 164   Index of Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries 170           Index of Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries 171           Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries 249           Controls and Procedures 257           Part II.  OTHER INFORMATION               Item 1.   Legal Proceedings 257   Item 1A.   Risk Factors 257   Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 257   Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures 258   Item 5.   Other Information 258   Item 6.   Exhibits: 258       Exhibit 3         Exhibit 10         Exhibit 12         Exhibit 31(a)         Exhibit 31(b)         Exhibit 32(a)         Exhibit 32(b)         Exhibit 95         Exhibit 101.INS         Exhibit 101.SCH         Exhibit 101.CAL         Exhibit 101.DEF         Exhibit 101.LAB         Exhibit 101.PRE             SIGNATURE     259                     This combined Form 10-Q is separately filed by American Electric Power Company, Inc., Appalachian Power Company, Indiana Michigan Power Company, Ohio Power Company, Public Service Company of Oklahoma and Southwestern Electric Power Company.  Information contained herein relating to any individual registrant is filed by such registrant on its own behalf. Each registrant makes no representation as to information relating to the other registrants. GLOSSARY OF TERMS When the following terms and abbreviations appear in the text of this report, they have the meanings indicated below. Term   Meaning       AEGCo   AEP Generating Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. AEP or Parent   American Electric Power Company, Inc., an electric utility holding company. AEP Consolidated   AEP and its majority owned consolidated subsidiaries and consolidated affiliates. AEP Credit   AEP Credit, Inc., a consolidated variable interest entity of AEP which securitizes accounts receivable and accrued utility revenues for affiliated electric utility companies. AEP Energy   AEP Energy, Inc., a wholly-owned retail electric supplier for customers in Ohio, Illinois and other deregulated electricity markets throughout the United States. AEP System   American Electric Power System, an electric system, owned and operated by AEP subsidiaries. AEP Transmission Holdco   AEP Transmission Holding Company, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AEP. AEPSC   American Electric Power Service Corporation, an AEP service subsidiary providing management and professional services to AEP and its subsidiaries. AEPTCo   AEP Transmission Company, LLC, a subsidiary of AEP Transmission Holdco and an intermediate holding company that owns seven wholly-owned transmission companies. AGR   AEP Generation Resources Inc., a nonregulated AEP subsidiary in the Generation & Marketing segment. AFUDC   Allowance for Funds Used During Construction. AOCI   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income. APCo   Appalachian Power Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding   Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of APCo and a consolidated variable interest entity formed for the purpose of issuing and servicing securitization bonds related to the under-recovered ENEC deferral balance. APSC   Arkansas Public Service Commission. ASU   Accounting Standards Update. CAA   Clean Air Act. CLECO   Central Louisiana Electric Company, a nonaffiliated utility company. CO 2   Carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. Cook Plant   Donald C. Cook Nuclear Plant, a two-unit, 2,191 MW nuclear plant owned by I&M. CRES provider   Competitive Retail Electric Service providers under Ohio law that target retail customers by offering alternative generation service. CWIP   Construction Work in Progress. DCC Fuel   DCC Fuel IV LLC, DCC Fuel VI LLC, DCC Fuel VII and DCC Fuel VIII LLC, consolidated variable interest entities formed for the purpose of acquiring, owning and leasing nuclear fuel to I&M. DHLC   Dolet Hills Lignite Company, LLC, a wholly-owned lignite mining subsidiary of SWEPCo. EIS   Energy Insurance Services, Inc., a nonaffiliated captive insurance company and consolidated variable interest entity of AEP. ENEC   Expanded Net Energy Charge. Energy Supply   AEP Energy Supply LLC, a nonregulated holding company for AEP’s competitive generation, wholesale and retail businesses, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of AEP. ERCOT   Electric Reliability Council of Texas regional transmission organization. ESP   Electric Security Plans, a PUCO requirement for electric utilities to adjust their rates by filing with the PUCO. i Term   Meaning       ETT   Electric Transmission Texas, LLC, an equity interest joint venture between AEP and Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company formed to own and operate electric transmission facilities in ERCOT. FAC   Fuel Adjustment Clause. FASB   Financial Accounting Standards Board. Federal EPA   United States Environmental Protection Agency. FERC   Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. FGD   Flue Gas Desulfurization or scrubbers. FTR   Financial Transmission Right, a financial instrument that entitles the holder to receive compensation for certain congestion-related transmission charges that arise when the power grid is congested resulting in differences in locational prices. GAAP   Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the United States of America. I&M   Indiana Michigan Power Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. IEU   Industrial Energy Users-Ohio. IGCC   Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle, technology that turns coal into a cleaner-burning gas. Interconnection Agreement   An agreement by and among APCo, I&M, KPCo and OPCo, which defined the sharing of costs and benefits associated with their respective generation plants.  This agreement was terminated January 1, 2014. IRS   Internal Revenue Service. IURC   Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. KGPCo   Kingsport Power Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. KPCo   Kentucky Power Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. KPSC   Kentucky Public Service Commission. KWh   Kilowatthour. LPSC   Louisiana Public Service Commission. MISO   Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator. MMBtu   Million British Thermal Units. MPSC   Michigan Public Service Commission. MTM   Mark-to-Market. MW   Megawatt. MWh   Megawatthour. NO x   Nitrogen oxide. Nonutility Money Pool   Centralized funding mechanism AEP uses to meet the short-term cash requirements of certain nonutility subsidiaries. NSR   New Source Review. OCC   Corporation Commission of the State of Oklahoma. Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding   Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of OPCo and a consolidated variable interest entity formed for the purpose of issuing and servicing securitization bonds related to phase-in recovery property. OPCo   Ohio Power Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. OPEB   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans. OTC   Over the counter. OVEC   Ohio Valley Electric Corporation, which is 43.47% owned by AEP. PIRR   Phase-In Recovery Rider. PJM   Pennsylvania – New Jersey – Maryland regional transmission organization. PM   Particulate Matter. PSO   Public Service Company of Oklahoma, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. PUCO   Public Utilities Commission of Ohio. PUCT   Public Utility Commission of Texas. Registrant Subsidiaries   AEP subsidiaries which are SEC registrants; APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO and SWEPCo. Risk Management Contracts   Trading and nontrading derivatives, including those derivatives designated as cash flow and fair value hedges. ii Term   Meaning       Rockport Plant   A generation plant, consisting of two 1,310 MW coal-fired generating units near Rockport, Indiana.  AEGCo and I&M jointly-own Unit 1.  In 1989, AEGCo and I&M entered into a sale-and-leaseback transaction with Wilmington Trust Company, an unrelated, unconsolidated trustee for Rockport Plant, Unit 2. RPM   Reliability Pricing Model. RSR   Retail Stability Rider. RTO   Regional Transmission Organization, responsible for moving electricity over large interstate areas. Sabine   Sabine Mining Company, a lignite mining company that is a consolidated variable interest entity for AEP and SWEPCo. SEC   U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. SEET   Significantly Excessive Earnings Test. SIA   System Integration Agreement, effective June 15, 2000, as amended, provides contractual basis for coordinated planning, operation and maintenance of the power supply sources of the combined AEP. SNF   Spent Nuclear Fuel. SO 2   Sulfur dioxide. SPP   Southwest Power Pool regional transmission organization. SSO   Standard service offer. Stall Unit   J. Lamar Stall Unit at Arsenal Hill Plant, a 534 MW natural gas unit owned by SWEPCo. SWEPCo   Southwestern Electric Power Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. TCC   AEP Texas Central Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. Texas Restructuring Legislation   Legislation enacted in 1999 to restructure the electric utility industry in Texas. TNC   AEP Texas North Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. Transition Funding   AEP Texas Central Transition Funding I LLC, AEP Texas Central Transition Funding II LLC and AEP Texas Central Transition Funding III LLC, wholly-owned subsidiaries of TCC and consolidated variable interest entities formed for the purpose of issuing and servicing securitization bonds related to Texas Restructuring Legislation. Transource Energy   Transource Energy, LLC, a consolidated variable interest entity formed for the purpose of investing in utilities which develop, acquire, construct, own and operate transmission facilities in accordance with FERC-approved rates. Transource Missouri   A 100% wholly-owned subsidiary of Transource Energy. Turk Plant   John W. Turk, Jr. Plant, a 600 MW coal-fired plant in Arkansas that is 73% owned by SWEPCo. Utility Money Pool   Centralized funding mechanism AEP uses to meet the short-term cash requirements of certain utility subsidiaries. VIE   Variable Interest Entity. Virginia SCC   Virginia State Corporation Commission. WPCo   Wheeling Power Company, an AEP electric utility subsidiary. WVPSC   Public Service Commission of West Virginia.   iii FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION This report made by AEP and its Registrant Subsidiaries contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  Many forward-looking statements appear in “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of the  2014  Annual Report, but there are others throughout this document which may be identified by words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “continue” and similar expressions, and include statements reflecting future results or guidance and statements of outlook.  These matters are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.  Forward-looking statements in this document are presented as of the date of this document.  Except to the extent required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement.  Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are: Ÿ The economic climate, growth or contraction within and changes in market demand and demographic patterns in our service territory. Ÿ Inflationary or deflationary interest rate trends. Ÿ Volatility in the financial markets, particularly developments affecting the availability of capital on reasonable terms and developments impairing our ability to finance new capital projects and refinance existing debt at attractive rates. Ÿ The availability and cost of funds to finance working capital and capital needs, particularly during periods when the time lag between incurring costs and recovery is long and the costs are material. Ÿ Electric load, customer growth and the impact of competition, including competition for retail customers. Ÿ Weather conditions, including storms and drought conditions, and our ability to recover significant storm restoration costs. Ÿ The costs of and transportation for fuels and the creditworthiness and performance of fuel suppliers and transporters. Ÿ Availability of necessary generation capacity and the performance of our generation plants. Ÿ Our ability to recover fuel and other energy costs through regulated or competitive electric rates. Ÿ Our ability to build transmission lines and facilities (including our ability to obtain any necessary regulatory approvals and permits) when needed at acceptable prices and terms and to recover those costs. Ÿ New legislation, litigation and government regulation, including oversight of nuclear generation, energy commodity trading and new or heightened requirements for reduced emissions of sulfur, nitrogen, mercury, carbon, soot or particulate matter and other substances or additional regulation of fly ash and similar combustion products that could impact the continued operation, cost recovery and/or profitability of our generation plants and related assets. Ÿ Evolving public perception of the risks associated with fuels used before, during and after the generation of electricity, including nuclear fuel. Ÿ A reduction in the federal statutory tax rate could result in an accelerated return of deferred federal income taxes to customers. Ÿ Timing and resolution of pending and future rate cases, negotiations and other regulatory decisions, including rate or other recovery of new investments in generation, distribution and transmission service and environmental compliance. Ÿ Resolution of litigation. Ÿ Our ability to constrain operation and maintenance costs. Ÿ Our ability to develop and execute a strategy based on a view regarding prices of electricity and other energy-related commodities. Ÿ Prices and demand for power that we generate and sell at wholesale. Ÿ Changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing, alternative or distributed sources of generation. Ÿ Our ability to recover through rates or market prices any remaining unrecovered investment in generation units that may be retired before the end of their previously projected useful lives. Ÿ Volatility and changes in markets for capacity and electricity, coal and other energy-related commodities, particularly changes in the price of natural gas and capacity auction returns. Ÿ Changes in utility regulation and the allocation of costs within regional transmission organizations, including ERCOT, PJM and SPP. Ÿ The transition to market for generation in Ohio, including the implementation of ESPs and our ability to recover investments in our Ohio generation assets. iv Ÿ Our ability to successfully and profitably manage our separate competitive generation assets. Ÿ Changes in the creditworthiness of the counterparties with whom we have contractual arrangements, including participants in the energy trading market. Ÿ Actions of rating agencies, including changes in the ratings of our debt. Ÿ The impact of volatility in the capital markets on the value of the investments held by our pension, other postretirement benefit plans, captive insurance entity and nuclear decommissioning trust and the impact of such volatility on future funding requirements. Ÿ Accounting pronouncements periodically issued by accounting standard-setting bodies. Ÿ Other risks and unforeseen events, including wars, the effects of terrorism (including increased security costs), embargoes, cyber security threats and other catastrophic events. The forward looking statements of AEP and its Registrant Subsidiaries speak only as of the date of this report or as of the date they are made.  AEP and its Registrant Subsidiaries expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information.  For a more detailed discussion of these factors, see “Risk Factors” in Part I of the  2014  Annual Report and in Part II of this report. v AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW Customer Demand Our weather-normalized retail sales volumes for the second quarter of 2015 increased by 0.9% from the second quarter of 2014.  Our second quarter 2015 industrial sales increased 0.6% compared to the second quarter of 2014 primarily due to increased sales to customers in oil and gas related sectors.  Weather-normalized commercial and residential sales increased 1.9% and 0.3% in the second quarter of 2015, respectively, from the second quarter of 2014. Our weather-normalized retail sales volumes for the six months ended June 30, 2015 decreased 0.3% compared to the six months ended June 30, 2014.  Industrial sales volumes increased 0.9% compared to 2014, while weather-normalized commercial sales increased by 0.7%.  Weather-normalized residential sales decreased 2.2% in comparison to the first six months of 2014. Merchant Fleet Alternatives AEP is evaluating strategic alternatives for its merchant generation fleet, included in the Generation & Marketing segment, which primarily includes AGR’s generation fleet and AEGCo's Lawrenceburg Plant, both of which operate in PJM as well as a purchased power agreement related to a 54.7% interest in the Oklaunion Plant which operates in ERCOT.  Potential alternatives may include, but are not limited to, continued ownership of the merchant generation fleet, executing a purchased power agreement with a regulated affiliate for certain merchant generation units in Ohio, a spin-off of the merchant generation fleet or a sale of the merchant generation fleet.  We have not made a decision regarding the potential alternatives, nor have we set a specific time frame for a decision.  Certain of these alternatives could result in a loss which could reduce future net income and cash flow and impact financial condition. AEP River Operations Alternatives AEP is evaluating strategic alternatives for its non-regulated AEP River Operations segment, which primarily includes commercial barging operations that transport liquids, coal and dry bulk commodities primarily on the Ohio, Illinois and lower Mississippi rivers.  Potential alternatives may include, but are not limited to, continued ownership or a sale of the non-regulated river operations.  We have not made a decision regarding the potential alternatives, nor have we set a specific time frame for a decision.  We do not expect to incur a loss related to a potential sale transaction. Merchant Portion of Turk Plant SWEPCo constructed the Turk Plant, a base load 600 MW pulverized coal ultra-supercritical generating unit in Arkansas, which was placed into service in December 2012 and is included in the Vertically Integrated segment.  SWEPCo owns 73% (440 MW) of the Turk Plant and operates the facility. The APSC granted approval for SWEPCo to build the Turk Plant by issuing a Certificate of Environmental Compatibility and Public Need (CECPN) for the SWEPCo Arkansas jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant (approximately 20%).  Following an appeal by certain intervenors, the Arkansas Supreme Court issued a decision that reversed the APSC’s grant of the CECPN.  In June 2010, in response to an Arkansas Supreme Court decision, the APSC issued an order which reversed and set aside the previously granted CECPN.  This share of the Turk Plant output is currently not subject to cost-based rate recovery and is being sold into the wholesale market.  Approximately 80% of the Turk Plant investment is recovered under cost-based rate recovery in Texas, Louisiana, and through SWEPCo’s wholesale customers under FERC-based rates. If SWEPCo cannot ultimately recover its investment and expenses related to the Turk Plant, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 1 Ohio Electric Security Plan Filings 2009 - 2011 ESP In August 2012, the PUCO issued an order in a separate proceeding which implemented a PIRR to recover OPCo’s deferred fuel costs in rates beginning September 2012.  In June 2015, the Supreme Court of Ohio issued a decision that reversed, as requested by OPCo, the PUCO order on the carrying cost rate issue and dismissed the appeal filed by the IEU.  In June 2015, the IEU filed a motion for reconsideration with the Supreme Court of Ohio related to the accumulated deferred income tax credit.  If the Supreme Court of Ohio upholds its June 2015 order, it would remand the matter back to the PUCO for reinstatement of the weighted average cost of capital rate.   June 2012 - May 2015 Ohio ESP Including Capacity Charge In August 2012, the PUCO issued an order which adopted and modified a new ESP that established base generation rates through May 2015.  This ruling was generally upheld in PUCO rehearing orders in January and March 2013. In July 2012, the PUCO issued an order in a separate capacity proceeding which stated that OPCo must charge CRES providers the RPM price and authorized OPCo to defer a portion of its incurred capacity costs not recovered from CRES providers up to $188.88/MW day.  The OPCo RPM price collected from CRES providers, which includes reserve margins, was approximately $34/MW day through May 2014 and $150/MW day from June 2014 through May 2015.  In December 2012, various parties filed notices of appeal of the capacity costs decision with the Supreme Court of Ohio. As part of the August 2012 ESP order, the PUCO established a non-bypassable RSR, effective September 2012.  The RSR was collected from customers at $3.50/MWh through May 2014 and at $4.00/MWh for the period June 2014 through May 2015, with $1.00/MWh applied to the recovery of deferred capacity costs.  In April and May 2013, OPCo and various intervenors filed appeals with the Supreme Court of Ohio challenging portions of the PUCO’s ESP order, including the RSR.  In July 2014, OPCo submitted a separate application to continue the RSR to collect the unrecovered portion of the deferred capacity costs at the rate of $4.00/MWh, until the balance of the capacity deferrals has been collected.  In April 2015, the PUCO issued an order approving the application to continue the RSR, with modifications.  In May 2015, the PUCO granted intervenors requests for rehearing.  As of  June 30, 2015 , OPCo’s incurred deferred capacity costs balance was $432 million, including debt carrying costs. In November 2013, the PUCO issued an order approving OPCo’s competitive bid process with modifications.  As ordered, in 2014, OPCo conducted multiple energy-only auctions for a total of 100% of the SSO load with delivery beginning April 2014 through May 2015.  As provided for in the June 2015 - May 2018 ESP, for delivery starting in June 2015, OPCo now conducts energy and capacity auctions for its entire SSO load.  The PUCO also approved the unbundling of the FAC into fixed and energy-related components and an intervenor proposal to blend the $188.88/MW day capacity price in proportion to the percentage of energy planned to be auctioned.  Additionally, the PUCO ordered that intervenor concerns related to the recovery of the fixed fuel costs through potentially both the FAC and the approved capacity charges be addressed in subsequent FAC proceedings.  In January 2014, the PUCO denied all rehearing requests and agreed to issue a supplemental request for an independent auditor in the 2012 - 2013 FAC proceeding to separately examine the recovery of the fixed fuel costs, including OVEC.  In March 2014, the PUCO approved OPCo’s request to implement riders related to the unbundling of the FAC.  In October 2014, the independent auditor, selected by the PUCO, filed its report for the period August 2012 through May 2015 with the PUCO.  If the PUCO ultimately concludes that a portion of the fixed fuel costs are also recovered through OPCo's $188.88/MW day capacity charge, the independent auditor has recommended a methodology for calculating a refund of a portion of certain fixed fuel costs.  The retail share of these fixed fuel costs is approximately $90 million annually.  A hearing related to this matter has not been scheduled.  Management believes that no over-recovery of costs has occurred and disagrees with the findings in the audit report. If OPCo is ultimately not permitted to fully collect all components of its ESP rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 2 June 2015 - May 2018 ESP In December 2013, OPCo filed an application with the PUCO to approve an ESP that included proposed rate adjustments and the continuation and modification of certain existing riders effective June 2015 through May 2018.  The proposal included a return on common equity of 10.65% on capital costs for certain riders.  The proposal also included a purchased power agreement (PPA) rider that would allow retail customers to receive a rate stabilizing charge or credit by hedging market-based prices with a cost-based PPA.  In October 2014, OPCo filed a separate application with the PUCO to propose a new extended PPA with AGR for 2,671 MW for inclusion in the PPA rider. In February 2015, the PUCO issued an order approving OPCo's ESP application, subject to certain modifications, with a return on common equity of 10.2% on capital costs for certain riders.  The order included (a) approval of the Distribution Investment Rider (DIR) with modified rate caps established by the PUCO, (b) authorization to establish a zero rate rider for OPCo's proposed PPA, (c) the option for OPCo to reapply in a future proceeding with a more detailed PPA proposal and (d) a directive to continue to pursue the transfer of the OVEC contractual entitlement to AGR or to otherwise divest of its interest in OVEC.  In May 2015, on rehearing, the PUCO issued an order that increased the DIR rate caps and deferred ruling on all requests for rehearing related to the establishment of the PPA rider.    In June 2015, OPCo and various intervenors filed applications for rehearing with the PUCO related to the May 2015 order on rehearing.  In July 2015, the PUCO granted the requests for rehearing. In May 2015, OPCo filed an amended PPA application between OPCo and AGR that (a) included OPCo's OVEC contractual entitlement, (b) addressed the PPA requirements set forth in the PUCO's February 2015 order, (c) updated supporting testimony to reflect a current analysis of the PPA proposal and (d) continued to include the 2,671 MW to be available for capacity, energy and ancillary services, produced by AGR over the lives of the respective generating units. If OPCo is ultimately not permitted to fully collect all components of its ESP rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  See “Ohio Electric Security Plan Filings” section of Note  4 . 2012 Texas Base Rate Case Upon rehearing in January 2014, the PUCT reversed its initial ruling and determined that AFUDC was excluded from the Turk Plant’s Texas jurisdictional capital cost cap.  As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2013, SWEPCo reversed $114 million of previously recorded regulatory disallowances.  The resulting annual base rate increase is approximately $52 million.  In May 2014, intervenors filed appeals of the order with the Texas District Court.  In June 2014, SWEPCo intervened in those appeals and filed initial responses.  If certain parts of the PUCT order are overturned it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  See the “2012 Texas Base Rate Case” section of Note  4 . 2012 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In 2012, SWEPCo initiated a proceeding to establish new formula base rates in Louisiana, including recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant.  In February 2013, a settlement was approved by the LPSC that increased SWEPCo's Louisiana total rates by approximately $2 million annually, effective March 2013.  The March 2013 base rates are based upon a 10% return on common equity and cost recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant and Stall Unit, subject to refund.  The settlement also provided that the LPSC will review base rates in 2014 and 2015 and that SWEPCo will recover non-fuel Turk Plant costs and a full weighted-average cost of capital return on the prudently incurred Turk Plant investment in jurisdictional rate base, effective January 2013.  In December 2014, the LPSC approved a settlement agreement related to the staff review of the cost of service.  The settlement agreement reduced the requested revenue increase by $3 million, primarily due to the timing of both the allowed recovery of certain existing regulatory assets and the establishment of a regulatory asset for certain previously expensed costs.  If the LPSC orders refunds based upon the pending prudence review of the Turk Plant investment, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  See the “2012 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing” section of Note  4 .  3 2015 Oklahoma Base Rate Case In July 2015, PSO filed a request with the OCC to increase annual revenues by $137 million to recover costs associated with its environmental compliance plan and to recover investments and other costs that have increased since the last base rate case.  The annual increase consists of (a) a base rate increase of $89 million, which includes $48 million in increased depreciation expense that reflects, among other things, recovery through June 2026 for Northeastern Plant, Units 3 and 4, (b) a rider or base rate increase of $44 million to recover costs for the environmental controls being installed on Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 and the Comanche Plant and (c) a request to include environmental consumable costs in the FAC, estimated to be $4 million annually.  The rate increase includes a proposed return on equity of 10.5% and is proposed to be effective in January 2016, except for the $44 million for environmental investments, which is proposed to be effective in March 2016, after the Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 environmental controls go in service.  In addition, the filing also notified the OCC that future incremental purchased capacity and energy costs of an estimated $35 million will be incurred related to the environmental compliance plan, due to the closure of Northeastern Plant, Unit 4 in April 2016, which would be recovered through the FAC.  If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  See the “2015 Oklahoma Base Rate Case" section of Note  4 .  2014 West Virginia Base Rate Case  In June 2014, APCo and WPCo filed a request with the WVPSC to increase annual base rates by $181 million to be effective in the second quarter of 2015.  The filing included a request to increase generation depreciation rates primarily due to the increase in plant investment and changes in the expected service lives of various generating units.  The filing also requested recovery of $89 million in regulatory assets over five years related to 2012 West Virginia storm costs, IGCC and other deferred costs.  The filing also included a request to implement a rider of approximately $45 million annually to recover vegetation management costs, including a return on capital investment.   In May 2015, the WVPSC issued an order on the base rate case.  Upon implementation of the order in May 2015, and consistent with the WVPSC authorized total revenue, annual base rates were authorized to be increased by $99 million.  The order included a delayed billing of $25 million of the annual base rate increase to residential customers until July 2016.  The order provided for carrying charges based upon a weighted average cost of capital rate for the $25 million annual delayed billing through June 2016, and stated recovery would be addressed in the next ENEC case scheduled for 2016.  Additionally, the order included approval of (a) an initial vegetation management rider of $45 million annually, (b) revised deprecation rates, including recovery of plants to be retired and (c) the recovery of $89 million in previously recorded regulatory assets, which will predominantly be recovered over five years.  See the “2014 West Virginia Base Rate Case” section of Note  4 . New Virginia Legislation Affecting Biennial Reviews In February 2015, amendments to Virginia law governing the regulation of investor-owned electric utilities were enacted.  Under the amended Virginia law, APCo’s existing generation and distribution base rates are frozen until after the Virginia SCC rules on APCo’s next biennial review, which APCo will file in March 2020 for the 2018 and 2019 test years.  These amendments also preclude the Virginia SCC from performing biennial reviews of APCo’s earnings for the years 2014 through 2017.  APCo's financial statements adequately address the impact of these amendments.  The new law provides that APCo will absorb its Virginia jurisdictional share of incremental generation and distribution costs incurred during 2014 through 2017 that are associated with severe weather events and/or natural disasters and costs associated with potential impairments related to new carbon emission guidelines issued by the Federal EPA. 4 Kentucky Fuel Adjustment Clause Review In August 2014, the KPSC issued an order initiating a review of KPCo's FAC from November 2013 through April 2014.  In January 2015, the KPSC issued an order disallowing certain FAC costs during the period of January 2014 through May 2015 while KPCo owned and operated both Big Sandy Plant, Unit 2 and its one-half interest in the Mitchell Plant.  As a result of this order, KPCo recorded a regulatory disallowance of $36 million in December 2014.  In February 2015, KPCo filed an appeal of this order with the Franklin County Circuit Court.  In April 2015, the Franklin County Circuit Court issued an order approving intervenors' requests to hold this case in abeyance until the KPSC issues a final order in KPCo’s two-year FAC review case for the period November 2012 through October 2014.   See the “Kentucky Fuel Adjustment Clause Review” section of Note  4 . 2014 Kentucky Base Rate Case In December 2014, KPCo filed a request with the KPSC for a net increase in rates of $70 million, which consists of a $75 million increase in rider rates, offset by a $5 million decrease in annual base rates, to be effective July 2015.  In April 2015, a non-unanimous stipulation agreement between KPCo and certain intervenors was filed with the KPSC.  The parties to the stipulation recommended a net revenue increase of $45 million, which consisted of a $68 million increase in rider rates, offset by a $23 million decrease in annual base rates, to be effective July 2015.  Additionally, the agreement included (a) recovery of $12 million of deferred storm costs, (b) any difference between the actual off-system sales margins and the $15 million included in the proposed annual base rates to be shared with 75% to the customer and 25% to KPCo and (c) dismissal of the KPCo and the Kentucky Industrial Utility Customers appeals of the KPSC order in the KPCo fuel adjustment clause review for November 2012 through October 2014.   In June 2015, the KPSC issued an order that approved a modified stipulation agreement.  The order approved a net revenue increase of $45 million and contained modifications that included (a) approval to recover $2 million of IGCC and certain carbon capture study costs, both over 25 years, (b) no deferral of certain PJM costs and (c) denial of the recovery of certain potential purchased power costs through a rider.   Once this order becomes final and non-appealable, KPCo will withdraw its appeal of the KPSC order in the KPCo fuel adjustment clause review.  See "Kentucky Fuel Adjustment Clause Review" section above.  See the “2014 Kentucky Base Rate Case” section of Note  4 . PJM Capacity Market AGR is required to offer all of its available generation capacity in the PJM Reliability Pricing Model (RPM) auction, which is conducted three years in advance of the delivery year. Through May 2015, AGR provided generation capacity to OPCo for both switched and non-switched OPCo generation customers.  For switched customers, OPCo paid AGR $188.88/MW day for capacity.  For non-switched OPCo generation customers, OPCo paid AGR its blended tariff rate for capacity consisting of $188.88/MW day for auctioned load and the non-fuel generation portion of its base rate for non-auctioned load.  AGR’s excess capacity was subject to the PJM RPM auction.  After May 2015, AGR's generation assets are subject to PJM capacity prices.  Shown below are the base RPM results through the June 2017 through May 2018 period:     PJM Base PJM Auction Period   Auction Price     (per MW day) June 2013 through May 2014   $ 27.73 June 2014 through May 2015   125.99 June 2015 through May 2016   136.00 June 2016 through May 2017   59.37 June 2017 through May 2018   120.00 Management expects a significant decline in AGR capacity revenues after May 2015 because the Power Supply Agreement between AGR and OPCo ended.  Management also expects a further decline in AGR capacity revenues from June 2016 through May 2017 based upon the RPM results. 5 FERC has previously accepted incremental improvements relating to the PJM RPM auction including: (a) assuring that capacity imports have firm transmission, (b) placing limits on the number of MWs of summer-only demand response, (c) modification and enforcement of the dispatch of demand response to better reflect real-time capacity requirements, and (d) redesigning the RPM demand curve.  Collectively, these improvements should reduce capacity price volatility and improve reliability. In December 2014, PJM filed with FERC for approval of a new type of capacity product, the Capacity Performance Product (CP), intended to improve generator performance and reliability during emergency events by: (a) assessing higher penalties for non-performance during emergency events, (b) allowing higher offers into the auction and (c) requiring generators to provide assurances that they can perform reliably during emergency events. In June 2015, FERC issued an order accepting most of PJM’s recommendations, including: (a) non-performance assessments based on the calculated cost of new entry, (b) capacity offers up to approximately $250/MW day for the June 2018 through May 2019 period without mitigation, (c) significant authority to review capacity offers for compliance with CP criteria, and (d) supplemental CP auctions for the June 2016 through May 2017, and June 2017 through May 2018 periods. These supplemental auctions address capacity performance and reliability issues in these interim years, and allow generators to re-offer at a higher price for capacity already cleared if they can perform as a CP resource.  In July 2015, FERC issued a revision to its order, allowing demand response providers to participate in the supplemental auctions.  The supplemental auctions for the June 2016 through May 2017 and June 2017 through May 2018 periods will take place during the third quarter of 2015. FERC rejected AEP’s request for a full exemption from the CP rules for Fixed Resource Requirement entities, but did allow an exemption for the June 2018 through May 2019 period.  FERC also rejected PJM’s recommendation for a monthly stop-loss provision. AEP filed a rehearing request in July 2015, and will continue to advocate for further improvements through the PJM stakeholder process.  Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 - Environmental Projects To comply with pending Federal EPA regulations, SWEPCo is currently constructing environmental control projects to meet mercury and air toxics standards for Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 at a cost of approximately $410 million, excluding AFUDC.  Management currently estimates that the total environmental projects to be completed through 2020 for Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 will cost approximately $600 million, excluding AFUDC.  As of  June 30, 2015 , SWEPCo has incurred costs of $256 million, including AFUDC, and has remaining contractual construction obligations of $89 million related to these projects.  SWEPCo will seek recovery of these project costs from customers through filings at the state commissions and the FERC.  See "Mercury and Other Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) Regulation" and "Climate Change, CO 2  Regulation and Energy Policy" sections of “Environmental Issues” below.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value of Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 was $484 million, before cost of removal, including materials and supplies inventory and CWIP.  If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.   LITIGATION In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in employment, commercial, environmental and regulatory litigation.  Since it is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, we cannot predict the eventual resolution, timing or amount of any loss, fine or penalty.  We assess the probability of loss for each contingency and accrue a liability for cases that have a probable likelihood of loss if the loss can be estimated.  For details on our regulatory proceedings and pending litigation see Note 4 - Rate Matters, Note 6 - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies and the “Litigation” section of “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the  2014  Annual Report.  Additionally, see Note  4  - Rate Matters and Note  5  - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies included herein.  Adverse results in these proceedings have the potential to reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 6 Rockport Plant Litigation In July 2013, the Wilmington Trust Company filed a complaint in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against AEGCo and I&M alleging that it will be unlawfully burdened by the terms of the modified NSR consent decree after the Rockport Plant, Unit 2 lease expiration in December 2022.  The terms of the consent decree allow the installation of environmental emission control equipment, repowering or retirement of the unit.  The plaintiff further alleges that the defendants’ actions constitute breach of the lease and participation agreement.  The plaintiff seeks a judgment declaring that the defendants breached the lease, must satisfy obligations related to installation of emission control equipment and indemnify the plaintiff.  The New York court granted our motion to transfer this case to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio.  In October 2013, a motion to dismiss the case was filed on behalf of AEGCo and I&M.  In January 2015, the court issued an opinion and order granting the motion in part and denying the motion in part.  The court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs’ claims.  Several claims remain, including the claim for breach of the participation agreement and a claim alleging breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.  In June 2015, AEGCo and I&M filed a motion for partial judgment on the claims seeking dismissal of the breach of participation agreement claim as well as any claim for indemnification of costs associated with this case.  In July 2015, the plaintiffs responded to the motion for partial judgment and simultaneously moved for partial summary judgment on their claims for breach of the lease and participation agreement.  We will continue to defend against the remaining claims.  We are unable to determine a range of potential losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES We are implementing a substantial capital investment program and incurring additional operational costs to comply with environmental control requirements.  We will need to make additional investments and operational changes in response to existing and anticipated requirements such as CAA requirements to reduce emissions of SO 2 , NO x , PM and hazardous air pollutants (HAPs) from fossil fuel-fired power plants, rules governing the beneficial use and disposal of coal combustion products, proposed and final clean water rules and renewal permits for certain water discharges that are currently under appeal. We are engaged in litigation about environmental issues, have been notified of potential responsibility for the clean-up of contaminated sites and incur costs for disposal of SNF and future decommissioning of our nuclear units.  We, along with various industry groups, affected states and other parties have challenged some of the Federal EPA requirements in court.  We are also engaged in the development of possible future requirements including the items discussed below and reductions of CO 2  emissions to address concerns about global climate change.  We believe that further analysis and better coordination of these environmental requirements would facilitate planning and lower overall compliance costs while achieving the same environmental goals. See a complete discussion of these matters in the “Environmental Issues” section of “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the  2014  Annual Report.  We will seek recovery of expenditures for pollution control technologies and associated costs from customers through rates in regulated jurisdictions.  Environmental rules could result in accelerated depreciation, impairment of assets or regulatory disallowances.  If we are unable to recover the costs of environmental compliance, it would reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Environmental Controls Impact on the Generating Fleet The rules and proposed environmental controls discussed in the next several sections will have a material impact on the generating units in the AEP System.  We continue to evaluate the impact of these rules, project scope and technology available to achieve compliance.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the AEP System had a total generating capacity of approximately 32,100 MWs, of which approximately 18,200 MWs are coal-fired.  We continue to refine the cost estimates of complying with these rules and other impacts of the environmental proposals on our generating facilities.  Based upon our estimates, investment to meet these requirements ranges from approximately $2.8 billion to $3.3 billion through 2020.  These amounts include investments to convert some of our coal generation to natural gas.  If natural gas conversion is not completed, the units could be retired sooner than planned.  7 The cost estimates will change depending on the timing of implementation and whether the Federal EPA provides flexibility in the final rules.  The cost estimates will also change based on: (a) the states’ implementation of these regulatory programs, including the potential for state implementation plans (SIPs) or federal implementation plans (FIPs) that impose more stringent standards, (b) additional rulemaking activities in response to court decisions, (c) the actual performance of the pollution control technologies installed on our units, (d) changes in costs for new pollution controls, (e) new generating technology developments, (f) total MWs of capacity retired and replaced, including the type and amount of such replacement capacity and (g) other factors.  In addition, we are continuing to evaluate the economic feasibility of environmental investments on both regulated and nonregulated plants. In May 2015, we retired the following plants or units of plants:         Generating Company   Plant Name and Unit   Capacity         (in MWs)  AGR   Kammer Plant   630 AGR   Muskingum River Plant   1,440 AGR   Picway Plant   100 APCo   Clinch River Plant, Unit 3   235 APCo   Glen Lyn Plant   335 APCo   Kanawha River Plant   400 APCo/AGR   Sporn Plant   600 I&M   Tanners Creek Plant   995 KPCo   Big Sandy Plant, Unit 2   800 Total       5,535 As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value of the AGR units listed above was zero.  The book value of the regulated plants in the table above was $752 million.  Of this amount, $608 million has been approved for recovery while $144 million is pending regulatory approval.  Subject to the factors listed above and based upon our continuing evaluation, we intend to retire the following units of plants during 2016:         Generating Company   Plant Name and Unit   Capacity         (in MWs)  PSO   Northeastern Station, Unit 4   470 SWEPCo   Welsh Plant, Unit 2   528 Total       998 As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value before cost of removal, including related materials and supplies inventory and CWIP balances, of the regulated plants in the table above was $178 million.  Volatility in fuel prices, pending environmental rules and other market factors could also have an adverse impact on the accounting evaluation of the recoverability of the net book values of coal-fired units.  For Northeastern Station, Unit 4 and Welsh Plant, Unit 2, we are seeking regulatory recovery of remaining net book values. In addition, we are in the process of obtaining permits following the KPSC's approval for the conversion of KPCo's 278 MW Big Sandy Plant, Unit 1 to natural gas.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value before cost of removal, including related materials and supplies inventory and CWIP balances, of Big Sandy Plant, Unit 1 was $104 million.  To the extent existing generation assets and the cost of new equipment and converted facilities are not recoverable, it could materially reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 8 Clean Air Act Requirements The CAA establishes a comprehensive program to protect and improve the nation’s air quality and control sources of air emissions.  The states implement and administer many of these programs and could impose additional or more stringent requirements.   The Federal EPA issued the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) in 2005 requiring specific reductions in SO 2  and NO x  emissions from power plants.  The Federal EPA issued the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) in August 2011 to replace CAIR.  The CSAPR was challenged in the courts.  In 2012, a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued a decision vacating and remanding CSAPR to the Federal EPA with instructions to continue implementing CAIR until a replacement rule is finalized.  That decision was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, which reversed the decision and remanded the case to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.  The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ordered CSAPR to take effect on January 1, 2015 while the remand proceeding was still pending.  All of the states in which our power plants are located are covered by CSAPR.  See "Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR)" section below. The Federal EPA issued the final maximum achievable control technology (MACT) standards for coal and oil-fired power plants in 2012.  See “Mercury and Other Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) Regulation” section below.  The Federal EPA issued a Clean Air Visibility Rule (CAVR), detailing how the CAA’s requirement that certain facilities install best available retrofit technology (BART) will address regional haze in federal parks and other protected areas.  BART requirements apply to facilities built between 1962 and 1977 that emit more than 250 tons per year of certain pollutants in specific industrial categories, including power plants.  CAVR will be implemented through SIPs or, if SIPs are not adequate or are not developed on schedule, through FIPs.  The Federal EPA proposed disapproval of SIPs in a few states, including Arkansas.  In March 2012, the Federal EPA disapproved certain portions of the Arkansas regional haze SIP.  In April 2015, the Federal EPA published a proposed FIP to replace the disapproved portions, including revised BART determinations for the Flint Creek Plant that are consistent with the environmental controls currently under construction.  In June 2012, the Federal EPA published revisions to the regional haze rules to allow states participating in the CSAPR trading programs to use those programs in place of source-specific BART for SO 2  and NO x  emissions based on its determination that CSAPR results in greater visibility improvements than source-specific BART in the CSAPR states.  This rule is being challenged in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.  In July 2015, we will submit comments to the proposed Arkansas FIP and participate in comments filed by industry associations of which we are members.  We support compliance with CSAPR programs as satisfaction of the BART requirements.  In 2009, the Federal EPA issued a final mandatory reporting rule for CO 2  and other greenhouse gases covering a broad range of facilities emitting in excess of 25,000 tons of CO 2  emissions per year.   The Federal EPA issued a final endangerment finding for greenhouse gas emissions from new motor vehicles in 2009.  The Federal EPA determined that greenhouse gas   emissions from stationary sources will be subject to regulation under the CAA beginning January 2011 and finalized its proposed scheme to streamline and phase-in regulation of stationary source CO 2  emissions through the NSR prevention of significant deterioration and Title V operating permit programs through the issuance of final federal rules, SIP calls and FIPs.  This rule was overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court.  The Federal EPA has proposed to include CO 2  emissions in standards that apply to new and existing electric utility units.  See "Climate Change, CO 2  Regulation and Energy Policy" section below. The Federal EPA has also issued new, more stringent national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) for PM, SO 2  and is currently reviewing the NAAQS for ozone.  States are in the process of evaluating the attainment status and need for additional control measures in order to attain and maintain the new NAAQS and may develop additional requirements for our facilities as a result of those evaluations.  We cannot currently predict the nature, stringency or timing of those requirements. Notable developments in significant CAA regulatory requirements affecting our operations are discussed in the following sections. 9 Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) In 2011, the Federal EPA issued CSAPR.  Certain revisions to the rule were finalized in 2012.  CSAPR relies on newly-created SO 2  and NO x  allowances and individual state budgets to compel further emission reductions from electric utility generating units in 28 states.  Interstate trading of allowances is allowed on a restricted sub-regional basis.  Arkansas and Louisiana are subject only to the seasonal NO x  program in the rule.  Texas is subject to the annual programs for SO 2  and NO x  in addition to the seasonal NO x  program.  The annual SO 2  allowance budgets in Indiana, Ohio and West Virginia were reduced significantly in the rule.  A supplemental rule includes Oklahoma in the seasonal NO x  program.  The supplemental rule was finalized in December 2011 with an increased NO x  emission budget for the 2012 compliance year.  The Federal EPA issued a final Error Corrections Rule and further CSAPR revisions in 2012 to make corrections to state budgets and unit allocations and to remove the restrictions on interstate trading in the first phase of CSAPR. Numerous affected entities, states and other parties filed petitions to review the CSAPR in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.  In 2012, the court issued a decision vacating and remanding CSAPR to the Federal EPA with instructions to continue implementing CAIR until a replacement rule is finalized.  The majority determined that the CAA does not allow the Federal EPA to “overcontrol” emissions in an upwind state and that the Federal EPA exceeded its statutory authority by failing to allow states an opportunity to develop their own implementation plans before issuing a FIP.  The petition for review filed by the Federal EPA and other parties in the U.S. Supreme Court was granted in June 2013.  In April 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision reversing in part the decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and remanding the case for further proceedings consistent with the opinion.  The Federal EPA filed a motion to lift the stay and allow Phase I of CSAPR to take effect on January 1, 2015 and Phase II to take effect on January 1, 2017.  The court granted the Federal EPA's motion. The parties have filed briefs, presented oral arguments and the case remains pending.  Separate appeals of the Error Corrections Rule and the further revisions were filed but no briefing schedules have been established.  We cannot predict the outcome of the pending litigation. Mercury and Other Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) Regulation In 2012, the Federal EPA issued a rule addressing a broad range of HAPs from coal and oil-fired power plants.  The rule establishes unit-specific emission rates for units burning coal on a 30-day rolling average basis for mercury, PM (as a surrogate for particles of nonmercury metals) and hydrogen chloride (as a surrogate for acid gases).  In addition, the rule proposes work practice standards, such as boiler tune-ups, for controlling emissions of organic HAPs and dioxin/furans.  The effective date of the final rule was April 16, 2012 and compliance was required within three years.  The final rule contains a slightly less stringent PM limit for existing sources than the original proposal and the revised rule provides alternative work practice standards for operators during start-up and shut down periods.  We have obtained a one-year administrative extension at several units to facilitate the installation of controls or to avoid a serious reliability problem.  In addition, the Federal EPA issued an enforcement policy describing the circumstances under which an administrative consent order might be issued to provide a fifth year for the installation of controls or completion of reliability upgrades.  We remain concerned about the availability of compliance extensions, the inability to foreclose citizen suits being filed under the CAA for failure to achieve compliance by the required deadlines and the lack of coordination among the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS) schedule and other environmental requirements. Petitions for administrative reconsideration and judicial review of the final rule were filed.  In 2012, the Federal EPA published a notice announcing that it would accept comments on its reconsideration of certain issues related to the new source standards, including clarification of the requirements that apply during periods of start-up and shut down, measurement issues and the application of variability factors that may have an impact on the level of the standards.  The Federal EPA issued revisions to the new source standards consistent with the proposed rule, except the start-up and shut down provisions in March 2013.  A final rule on reconsideration was issued in 2014 and a proposed rule containing technical corrections was issued in early 2015.  In April 2014, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied all of the petitions for review of the April 2012 final rule.  Industry trade groups and several states filed petitions for further review in the U.S. Supreme Court and the court granted those petitions in November 2014.  10 In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the decision of the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and remanded the MATS rule for further proceedings consistent with its decision that the Federal EPA was unreasonable in refusing to consider costs in its determination whether to regulate emissions of HAPs from power plants.  The case will be remanded to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit for further proceedings consistent with the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision.  We will continue to evaluate the impact of this decision and until further action by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, the rule remains in place. Climate Change, CO 2  Regulation and Energy Policy National public policy makers and regulators in the 11 states we serve have diverse views on climate change, carbon regulation and energy policy.  We are currently focused on responding to these emerging views with prudent actions across a range of plausible scenarios and outcomes.  We are active participants in both state and federal policy development to assure that any proposed new requirements are feasible and the economies of the states we serve are not placed at a competitive disadvantage. Several states have adopted programs that directly regulate CO 2  emissions from power plants.  The majority of the states where we have generating facilities have passed legislation establishing renewable energy, alternative energy and/or energy efficiency requirements that can assist in reducing carbon emissions.  We are taking steps to comply with these requirements, including increasing our wind power purchases and broadening our portfolio of energy efficiency programs.   In the absence of comprehensive federal climate change or energy policy legislation, President Obama issued a memorandum to the Administrator of the Federal EPA directing the agency to develop and issue a new proposal regulating carbon emissions from new electric generating units under the CAA.  The new proposal was issued in September 2013 and requires new large natural gas units to meet a limit of 1,000 pounds of CO 2  per MWh of electricity generated and small natural gas units to meet a limit of 1,100 pounds of CO 2  per MWh.  New coal-fired units are required to meet a limit of 1,100 pounds of CO 2  per MWh, with the option to meet a 1,000 pound per MWh limit if they choose to average emissions over multiple years.  This proposal was published in the Federal Register in January 2014 and the comment period has closed. The Federal EPA was also directed to develop and issue a separate proposal regulating carbon emissions from modified and reconstructed electric generating units (EGUs) and to issue guidelines for existing EGUs before June 2014, to finalize those standards by June 2015 and to require states to submit plans implementing the guidelines no later than June 2016.  The Federal EPA issued guidelines for the development of standards for existing sources in June 2014.  The guidelines use a “portfolio” approach to reducing emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units, expanding renewable generation resources and increasing customer energy efficiency.  Comments were due in December 2014.  The Federal EPA also issued proposed regulations governing emissions of CO 2  from modified and reconstructed EGUs in June 2014 and comments were due in October 2014.  The standards for modified and reconstructed units include several options, including use of historic baselines or energy efficiency audits to establish source-specific CO 2  emission rates or to limit CO 2  emission rates which could be no less than 1,900 pounds per MWh at larger coal units and 2,100 pounds per MWh at smaller coal units.  The Federal EPA announced in January 2015 that the schedule for finalizing its action on all of these rules will extend into the summer of 2015 and that it will develop and propose for public comment a model FIP that will be finalized for individual states that fail to submit a timely state plan to implement the existing source guidelines.  We cannot currently predict the impact these programs may have on future resource plans or our existing generating fleet, but the costs may be substantial. In 2012, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued a decision upholding, in all material respects, the Federal EPA’s endangerment finding, its regulatory program for CO 2  emissions from new motor vehicles and its plan to phase in regulation of CO 2  emissions from stationary sources under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) and Title V operating permit programs.  In June 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court determined that the Federal EPA was not compelled to regulate CO 2  emissions from stationary sources under the Title V or PSD programs as a result of its adoption of the motor vehicle standards, but that sources otherwise required to obtain a PSD  11 permit may be required to perform a Best Available Control Technology (BACT) analysis for CO 2  emissions if they exceed a reasonable level.  The Federal EPA removed those provisions of the final rule from the Code of Federal Regulations that were inconsistent with the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision but continues to apply a 75,000 ton per year threshold to trigger the need for a BACT analysis.  Petitions were filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit seeking to amend the judgment in the case to require Federal EPA to establish a reasonable minimum   level.  Those petitions are pending. Federal and state legislation or regulations that mandate limits on the emission of CO 2  could result in significant increases in capital expenditures and operating costs, which in turn, could lead to increased liquidity needs and higher financing costs.  Excessive costs to comply with future legislation or regulations might force our utility subsidiaries to close some coal-fired facilities and could lead to possible impairment of assets. Coal Combustion Residual Rule In 2010, the Federal EPA published a proposed rule to regulate the disposal and beneficial re-use of coal combustion residuals (CCR), including fly ash and bottom ash generated at coal-fired electric generating units and also FGD gypsum generated at some coal-fired plants.  The proposed rule contained two alternative proposals.  One proposal would impose federal hazardous waste disposal and management standards on these materials and another would allow states to retain primary authority to regulate the beneficial re-use and disposal of these materials under state solid waste management standards, including minimum federal standards for disposal and management.  Both proposals would impose stringent requirements for the construction of new coal ash landfills and existing unlined surface impoundments. In the final rule, the Federal EPA elected to regulate CCR as a non-hazardous solid waste and issued new minimum federal solid waste management standards.  On the effective date, the rule applies to new and existing active CCR landfills and CCR surface impoundments at operating electric utility or independent power production facilities.  The rule imposes new and additional construction and operating obligations, including location restrictions, liner criteria, structural integrity requirements for impoundments, operating criteria and additional groundwater monitoring requirements.  The rule does not apply to inactive CCR landfills and inactive surface impoundments at retired generating stations or the beneficial use of CCR.  The rule is self-implementing so state action is not required.  Because of this self-implementing feature, the rule contains extensive record keeping, notice and internet posting requirements.    Because we currently use surface impoundments and landfills to manage CCR materials at our generating facilities, we will incur significant costs to upgrade or close and replace these existing facilities at some point in the future as the new rule is implemented.  In February 2014, the Federal EPA completed a risk evaluation of the beneficial uses of coal fly ash in concrete and FGD gypsum in wallboard and concluded that the Federal EPA supports these beneficial uses.  Currently, approximately 40% of the coal ash and other residual products from our generating facilities are re-used in the production of cement and wallboard, as structural fill or soil amendments, as abrasives or road treatment materials and for other beneficial uses.  Encapsulated beneficial uses are not materially impacted by the new rule but additional demonstrations may be required to continue land applications in significant amounts except in road construction projects.  The final rule was published in the Federal Register in April 2015 and becomes effective six months after publication.  We recorded a $95 million increase in asset retirement obligations in the second quarter of 2015 primarily due to the publication of the final rule.  Given the future effective date of the rule and the schedule for implementation, we will continue to evaluate the rule's impact on operations.  Clean Water Act (CWA) Regulations In 2014, the Federal EPA issued a final rule setting forth standards for existing power plants that is intended to reduce mortality of aquatic organisms pinned against a plant’s cooling water intake screen (impingement) or entrained in the cooling water.  Entrainment is when small fish, eggs or larvae are drawn into the cooling water system and affected by heat, chemicals or physical stress.  The final rule affects all plants withdrawing more than two million gallons of cooling water per day.  The rule offers seven technology options to comply with the impingement standard and requires site-specific studies to determine appropriate entrainment compliance measures at facilities withdrawing more than  12 125 million gallons per day.  Additional requirements may be imposed as a result of consultation with other federal agencies to protect threatened and endangered species and their habitats.  Facilities with existing closed cycle recirculating cooling systems, as defined in the rule, are not expected to require any technology changes.  Facilities subject to both the impingement standard and site-specific entrainment studies will typically be given at least three years to conduct and submit the results of those studies to the permit agency.  Compliance timeframes will then be established by the permit agency through each facility’s National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit for installation of any required technology changes, as those permits are renewed over the next five to eight years.  Petitions for review of the final rule were filed by industry and environmental groups and are currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In addition, the Federal EPA issued an information collection request and is developing revised effluent limitation guidelines for electricity generating facilities.  A proposed rule was signed in April 2013 with a final rule expected in September 2015.  The Federal EPA proposed eight options of increasing stringency and cost for fly ash and bottom ash transport water, scrubber wastewater, leachate from coal combustion byproduct landfills and impoundments and other wastewaters associated with coal-fired generating units, with four labeled preferred options.  Certain of the Federal EPA's preferred options have already been implemented or are part of our long-term plans.  We continue to review the proposal in detail to evaluate whether our plants are currently meeting the proposed limitations, what technologies have been incorporated into our long-range plans and what additional costs might be incurred if the Federal EPA's most stringent options were adopted.  We submitted detailed comments to the Federal EPA in September 2013 and participated in comments filed by various organizations of which we are members. In April 2014, the Federal EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers jointly issued a proposed rule to clarify the scope of the regulatory definition of “waters of the United States” in light of recent U.S. Supreme Court cases and published the proposed rule in the Federal Register.  The CWA provides for federal jurisdiction over “navigable waters” defined as “the waters of the United States.”  This proposed jurisdictional definition applied to all CWA programs, potentially impacting generation, transmission and distribution permitting and compliance requirements.  Among those programs are: permits for wastewater and storm water discharges, permits for impacts to wetlands and water bodies and oil spill prevention planning.  We submitted detailed comments to the Federal EPA in November 2014 and also participated in comments filed by various organizations of which we are members.  In June 2015, the Federal EPA published the final rule that included a few changes from the proposal.  The effective date of the rule is 60 days following publication.  The final definition continues to recognize traditional navigable waters of the U.S. as jurisdictional as well as certain exclusions. The rule also contains a number of new specific definitions and criteria for determining whether certain other waters are jurisdictional because of a “significant nexus."  We agree that clarity and efficiency in the permitting process is needed.  We are concerned that the rule introduces new concepts and could subject more of our operations to CWA jurisdiction, thereby increasing the time and complexity of permitting.  We anticipate that the final rule will be challenged in the courts.  13 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SEGMENTS Our primary business is the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity.  Within our Vertically Integrated Utilities segment, we centrally dispatch generation assets and manage our overall utility operations on an integrated basis because of the substantial impact of cost-based rates and regulatory oversight.  Intersegment sales and transfers are generally based on underlying contractual arrangements and agreements. Our reportable segments and their related business activities are outlined below: Vertically Integrated Utilities • Generation, transmission and distribution   of electricity for sale to retail and wholesale customers through assets owned and operated by AEGCo, APCo, I&M, KGPCo, KPCo, PSO, SWEPCo and WPCo. Transmission and Distribution Utilities • Transmission and distribution   of electricity for sale to retail and wholesale customers through assets owned and operated by OPCo, TCC and TNC. • OPCo purchases energy and capacity to serve SSO customers and provides transmission and distribution services for all connected load. AEP Transmission Holdco • Development, construction and operation of transmission facilities through investments in our wholly-owned transmission subsidiaries and transmission only joint ventures.  These investments have PUCT-approved or FERC-approved returns on equity. Generation & Marketing • Nonregulated generation in ERCOT and PJM. • Marketing, risk management and retail activities in ERCOT, PJM and MISO. AEP River Operations • Commercial barging operations that transport liquids, coal and dry bulk commodities primarily on the Ohio, Illinois and lower Mississippi Rivers. 14 The table below presents Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders by segment for the three and  six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 .   Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions) Vertically Integrated Utilities $ 207   $ 154   $ 506   $ 432 Transmission and Distribution Utilities 78   90   175   187 AEP Transmission Holdco 65   47   101   71 Generation & Marketing 82   98   269   261 AEP River Operations 1   3   12   6 Corporate and Other (a) (3 )   (2 )   (4 )   (7 ) Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders $ 430   $ 390   $ 1,059   $ 950 (a) While not considered a reportable segment, Corporate and Other primarily includes the purchasing of receivables from certain AEP utility subsidiaries.  This segment also includes Parent's guarantee revenue received from affiliates, investment income, interest income and interest expense and other nonallocated costs. AEP CONSOLIDATED Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders increased from  $390 million  in  2014  to  $430 million  in  2015  primarily due to: • Successful rate proceedings in various jurisdictions. • An increase in annual formula rate adjustments. • An increase in transmission investment which resulted in higher revenues and income. • A decrease in employee-related expenses. • Favorable retail, trading and marketing activity. These increases were partially offset by: • A decrease in generation sales due to lower capacity revenue. • A decrease in off-system sales margins due to lower market prices and reduced sales volumes. Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders increased from  $1.0 billion  in  2014  to  $1.1 billion  in  2015  primarily due to: • Successful rate proceedings in various jurisdictions. • An increase in annual formula rate adjustments. • An increase in transmission investment which resulted in higher revenues and income. • A decrease in employee-related expenses. • Favorable retail, trading and marketing activity. These increases were partially offset by: • A decrease in off-system sales margins due to lower market prices and reduced sales volumes. • A decrease in generation sales due to lower capacity revenue. • A decrease in weather normalized sales. Our results of operations by operating segment are discussed below. 15 VERTICALLY INTEGRATED UTILITIES     Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30,  Vertically Integrated Utilities   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in millions) Revenues   $ 2,183   $ 2,252   $ 4,688   $ 4,838 Fuel and Purchased Electricity   781   934   1,764   2,028 Gross Margin   1,402   1,318   2,924   2,810 Other Operation and Maintenance   615   618   1,191   1,194 Depreciation and Amortization   266   252   538   515 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   94   87   191   183 Operating Income   427   361   1,004   918 Interest and Investment Income   2   —   3   1 Carrying Costs Income   3   2   5   1 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   16   11   30   21 Interest Expense   (131 )   (132 )   (262 )   (263 ) Income Before Income Tax Expense and Equity Earnings   317   242   780   678 Income Tax Expense   110   88   274   245 Equity Earnings of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries   1   1   2   1 Net Income   208   155   508   434 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   1   1   2   2 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders   $ 207   $ 154   $ 506   $ 432 Summary of KWh Energy Sales for Vertically Integrated Utilities   Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions of KWhs) Retail:               Residential 6,672   6,716   17,051   17,621 Commercial 6,296   6,122   12,307   12,237 Industrial 8,937   9,025   17,297   17,357 Miscellaneous 574   577   1,122   1,132 Total Retail 22,479   22,440   47,777   48,347                 Wholesale (a) 5,903   8,602   14,171   18,786 (a) Includes off-system sales, municipalities and cooperatives, unit power and other wholesale customers. 16 Heating degree days and cooling degree days are metrics commonly used in the utility industry as a measure of the impact of weather on revenues.  In general, degree day changes in our eastern region have a larger effect on revenues than changes in our western region due to the relative size of the two regions and the number of customers within each region. Summary of Heating and Cooling Degree Days for Vertically Integrated Utilities   Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in degree days) Eastern Region               Actual  –  Heating (a) 93   118   2,138   2,246 Normal  –  Heating (b) 139   138   1,743   1,731                 Actual  –  Cooling (c) 402   362   402   362 Normal  –  Cooling (b) 324   324   329   329                 Western Region               Actual  –   Heating (a) 9   47   1,049   1,233 Normal  –  Heating (b) 34   33   911   920                 Actual  –  Cooling (c) 704   674   718   680 Normal  –  Cooling (b) 693   686   716   710 (a) Eastern Region and Western Region heating degree days are calculated on a 55 degree  temperature base. (b) Normal Heating/Cooling represents the thirty-year average of degree days. (c) Eastern Region and Western Region cooling degree days are calculated on a 65 degree  temperature base. 17 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Reconciliation of Second Quarter of 2014 to Second Quarter of 2015 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Vertically Integrated Utilities (in millions)       Second Quarter of 2014   $ 154       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   111 Off-system Sales   (23 ) Transmission Revenues   1 Other Revenues   (5 ) Total Change in Gross Margin   84       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   3 Depreciation and Amortization   (14 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (7 ) Interest and Investment Income   2 Carrying Costs Income   1 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   5 Interest Expense   1 Total Change in Expenses and Other   (9 )       Income Tax Expense   (22 )       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 207 The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $ 111 million  primarily due to the following: • The effect of successful rate proceedings in our service territories which include: • A $37 million increase for I&M primarily due to rate increases from Indiana rate riders and annual formula rate adjustments. • A $33 million increase for SWEPCo primarily due to increases in municipal and cooperative revenues due to annual formula rate adjustments and revenue increases from SWEPCo rate riders in Louisiana and Texas. • An $18 million increase primarily due to rate increases in Virginia and West Virginia, offset by a decrease in annual formula rates. • A $7 million increase for PSO primarily due to revenue increases from rate riders. For the increases described above, $14 million relate to riders/trackers which have corresponding increases in expense items below.     • Margins from Off-system Sales  decreased $23 million primarily due to lower market prices and decreased sales volumes. • Other Revenues  decreased $5 million primarily due to a decrease in River Transportation Division (RTD) barging resulting from reduced deliveries to the Rockport Plant.  This decrease in RTD revenue has a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses for barging as discussed below. 18 Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $3 million primarily due to the following: • A $16 million decrease in employee-related expenses. • A $15 million decrease in storm expenses and vegetation management expenses primarily in the APCo region. • A $4 million decrease in uncollectible accounts expense due to the establishment of a regulatory asset for recovery in the May 2015 West Virginia base case order. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $13 million increase in nuclear expenses. • A $14 million increase in recoverable expenses, primarily including PJM expenses currently fully recovered in rate recovery riders/trackers partially offset by lower RTD barging costs. • A $5 million increase in SPP and PJM transmission services expenses. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $14 million   primarily due to overall higher depreciable base and amortization related to an advanced metering rider implemented in November 2014 in Oklahoma. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $7 million primarily due to an increase in property taxes. • Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction  increased $5 million   primarily due to increases in environmental construction and transmission projects. • Income Tax   Expense  increased $22 million primarily due an increase in pretax book income partially offset  by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. 19 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Reconciliation of Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Vertically Integrated Utilities (in millions)       Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 432       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   212 Off-system Sales   (95 ) Transmission Revenues   1 Other Revenues   (4 ) Total Change in Gross Margin   114       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   3 Depreciation and Amortization   (23 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (8 ) Interest and Investment Income   2 Carrying Costs Income   4 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   9 Interest Expense   1 Total Change in Expenses and Other   (12 )       Income Tax Expense   (29 ) Equity Earnings   1       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 506 The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $212 million primarily due to the following: • The effect of successful rate proceedings in our service territories which include: • A $68 million increase primarily due to rate increases in Virginia and West Virginia, including an adjustment due to the amended Virginia law affecting biennial reviews. • A $54 million increase for I&M primarily due to rate increases from Indiana rate riders and annual formula rate adjustments. • A $43 million increase for SWEPCo primarily due to increases in municipal and cooperative revenues due to annual formula rate adjustments and revenue increases from SWEPCo rate riders in Louisiana and Texas. • A $16 million increase for PSO primarily due to revenue increases from rate riders. For the increases described above, $47 million relate to riders/trackers which have corresponding increases in expense items below. • A $31 million decrease in PJM expenses net of recovery or offsets. These increases were partially offset by: • A $34 million decrease in weather-normalized load primarily due to lower residential sales in the eastern region. • Margins from Off-system Sales  decreased $95 million primarily due to lower market prices and decreased sales volumes. • Other Revenues  decreased $4 million primarily due to a decrease in River Transportation Division (RTD) barging resulting from reduced deliveries to the Rockport Plant.  This decrease in RTD revenue has a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses for barging as discussed below. 20 Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $3 million primarily due to the following: • A $38 million decrease in employee-related expenses. • A $12 million decrease in storm expenses and vegetation management expenses primarily in the APCo region. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $38 million increase in recoverable expenses, primarily including PJM expenses currently fully recovered in rate recovery riders/trackers partially offset by lower RTD barging costs.  • A $7 million increase in PJM transmission services expenses. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $23 million primarily due to overall higher depreciable base and amortization related to an advanced metering rider implemented in November 2014 in Oklahoma. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $8 million primarily due to an increase in property taxes. • Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction  increased $9 million primarily due to increases in environmental construction and transmission projects. • Income Tax Expense  increased $29 million primarily due an increase in pretax book income partially offset by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION UTILITIES     Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30, Transmission and Distribution Utilities   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in millions) Revenues   $ 1,061   $ 1,134   $ 2,331   $ 2,349 Fuel and Purchased Electricity   270   343   691   746 Amortization of Generation Deferrals   36   25   67   56 Gross Margin   755   766   1,573   1,547 Other Operation and Maintenance   289   298   608   591 Depreciation and Amortization   170   156   338   317 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   118   108   240   227 Operating Income   178   204   387   412 Interest and Investment Income   1   3   3   6 Carrying Costs Income   6   7   12   14 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   4   2   8   5 Interest Expense   (68 )   (72 )   (138 )   (142 ) Income Before Income Tax Expense   121   144   272   295 Income Tax Expense   43   54   97   108 Net Income   78   90   175   187 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   —   —   —   — Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders   $ 78   $ 90   $ 175   $ 187 21 Summary of KWh Energy Sales for Transmission and Distribution Utilities   Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions of KWhs) Retail:               Residential 5,630   5,559   12,896   13,086 Commercial 6,372   6,314   12,287   12,216 Industrial 5,809   5,630   11,089   10,773 Miscellaneous 177   182   338   353 Total Retail (a) 17,988   17,685   36,610   36,428                 Wholesale (b) 429   453   963   1,152 (a) Represents energy delivered to distribution customers. (b) Ohio's contractually obligated purchases of OVEC power sold into PJM. Heating degree days and cooling degree days are metrics commonly used in the utility industry as a measure of the impact of weather on revenues.  In general, degree day changes in our eastern region have a larger effect on revenues than changes in our western region due to the relative size of the two regions and the number of customers within each region. Summary of Heating and Cooling Degree Days for Transmission and Distribution Utilities   Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in degree days) Eastern Region               Actual  –  Heating (a) 137   130   2,575   2,539 Normal  –  Heating (b) 186   187   2,067   2,067                 Actual  –  Cooling (c) 350   362   350   362 Normal  –  Cooling (b) 287   280   290   283                 Western Region               Actual  –  Heating (a) —   2   320   302 Normal  –  Heating (b) 4   4   192   200                 Actual  –  Cooling (d) 863   872   904   942 Normal  –  Cooling (b) 917   904   1,026   1,012 (a) Heating degree days are calculated on a 55 degree temperature base. (b) Normal Heating/Cooling represents the thirty-year average of degree days. (c) Eastern Region cooling degree days are calculated on a 65 degree temperature base. (d) Western Region cooling degree days are calculated on a 70 degree temperature base. 22 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Reconciliation of Second Quarter of 2014 to Second Quarter of 2015 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Transmission and Distribution Utilities (in millions)       Second Quarter of 2014   $ 90       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   13 Off-system Sales   (5 ) Transmission Revenues   (25 ) Other Revenues   6 Total Change in Gross Margin   (11 )       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   9 Depreciation and Amortization   (14 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (10 ) Interest and Investment Income   (2 ) Carrying Costs Income   (1 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   2 Interest Expense   4 Total Change in Expenses and Other   (12 )       Income Tax Expense   11       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 78 The major components of the decrease in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of purchased electricity and amortization of generation deferrals were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $13 million primarily due to the following: • A $14 million increase in transmission rider and PJM retail revenues primarily due to CRES transmission revenue collected through a non-bypassable retail transmission rider beginning in June 2015, which is partially offset by a corresponding decrease in Transmission Revenues below. • A $7 million increase in revenues associated with the Ohio Distribution Investment Rider (DIR). • A $6 million increase in TCC and TNC revenues primarily due to the recovery of ERCOT transmission expenses, which is offset in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • A $4 million increase in industrial sales in Ohio. These increases were partially offset by: • A $12 million decrease in revenues associated with the Ohio Storm Damage Recovery Rider which started in April 2014 and ended in April 2015.  This decrease in Retail Margins is primarily offset by a decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • An $8 million decrease in the Energy Efficiency (EE), Peak Demand Reduction Cost Recovery Rider (PDR) revenues in Ohio.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • Margins from Off-system Sales  decreased $5 million primarily due to lower margins on PJM liquidations on a legacy OPCo power contract and lower Oklaunion purchased power agreement (PPA) revenues. • Transmission Revenues  decreased $25 million primarily due to: • A $12 million decrease in Ohio revenues related to a lower transmission formula rate true-up than in the prior year. • A $10 million decrease in Network Integrated Transmission Service (NITS) revenue due to OPCo assuming the responsibility for items determined to be cost-based transmission-related charges that were the  23 responsibility of the CRES providers prior to June 2015, which is partially offset by a corresponding increase in Retail Margins above. • A $7 million OPCo transmission regulatory loss provision in 2015. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $7 million increase primarily due to increased transmission investment in ERCOT. • Other Revenues  increased $6 million primarily due to $3 million of increased pole attachment revenue for OPCo and $2 million in Texas securitization revenues which is offset in Depreciation and Amortization below. Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $9 million primarily due to the following: • A $12 million decrease due to the completion of the amortization of Ohio 2012 deferred storm expenses.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Retail Margins above. • An $8 million decrease in EE and PDR expenses.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Retail Margins above. • A $5 million decrease in employee-related expenses. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $9 million increase in PJM and ERCOT transmission services expenses. • A $6 million increase in storm expenses primarily in the Texas region. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $14 million   primarily due to the following: • An $8 million increase due to an increase in the depreciable base of transmission and distribution assets. • A $4 million increase in amortization of TCC's securitization transition asset, which is partially offset in Other Revenues. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $10 million primarily due to an increase in property taxes. • Interest Expense  decreased $4 million primarily due to reduced TCC long-term debt outstanding, which is partially offset in Other Revenues. • Income Tax Expense  decreased $11 million primarily due to a decrease in pretax book income and the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. 24 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Reconciliation of Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Transmission and Distribution Utilities (in millions)       Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 187       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   44 Off-system Sales   (4 ) Transmission Revenues   (21 ) Other Revenues   7 Total Change in Gross Margin   26       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   (17 ) Depreciation and Amortization   (21 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (13 ) Interest and Investment Income   (3 ) Carrying Costs Income   (2 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   3 Interest Expense   4 Total Change in Expenses and Other   (49 )       Income Tax Expense   11       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 175 The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of purchased electricity and amortization of generation deferrals were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $44 million primarily due to the following: • A $23 million increase in TCC and TNC revenues primarily due to the recovery of ERCOT transmission expenses, which is offset in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • A $15 million increase in revenues associated with the Ohio Distribution Investment Rider (DIR). • A $14 million increase in transmission rider and PJM retail revenues primarily due to CRES transmission revenue collected through a non-bypassable retail transmission rider beginning in June 2015, which is partially offset by a corresponding decrease in Transmission Revenues below. • A $10 million increase in Ohio base rates due to the discontinuance of seasonal rates. These increases were partially offset by: • A $17 million decrease in the Energy Efficiency (EE), Peak Demand Reduction Cost Recovery Rider (PDR) revenues in Ohio.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • Margins from Off-system Sales  decreased $4 million primarily due to lower margins on PJM liquidations on a legacy OPCo power contract and lower Oklaunion PPA revenues. • Transmission Revenues  decreased $21 million primarily due to: • A $12 million decrease in Ohio revenues related to a lower transmission formula rate true-up than in the prior year. • A $10 million decrease in NITS revenue due to OPCo assuming the responsibility for items determined to be cost-based transmission-related charges that were the responsibility of the CRES providers prior to June 2015, which is partially offset by a corresponding increase in Retail Margins above. • A $7 million OPCo transmission regulatory loss provision in 2015. These decreases were partially offset by: 25 • An $11 million increase primarily due to increased transmission investment in ERCOT. • Other Revenues  increased $7 million primarily due to $4 million of increased pole attachment revenue for OPCo and a $2 million increase in Texas securitization revenues which is offset in Depreciation and Amortization below. Expenses and Other changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses increased $17 million primarily due to the following: • A $17 million increase in recoverable ERCOT transmission expenses currently recovered dollar-for-dollar in rate recovery riders/trackers. • A $14 million increase in  PJM transmission services expenses. • A $13 million increase in distribution expenses including system improvements and storm expenses. • A $6 million increase due to PUCO ordered contributions to the Ohio Growth Fund. These increases were partially offset by: • A $17 million decrease in EE and PDR costs and associated deferrals.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Retail Margins above. • An $11 million decrease in employee-related expenses. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $21 million   primarily due to the following: • A $12 million increase due to an increase in the depreciable base of transmission and distribution assets. • A $7 million increase in amortization of TCC's securitization transition asset, which is partially offset in Other Revenues. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $13 million primarily due to increased property taxes. • Interest Expense  decreased $4 million primarily due to reduced TCC long-term debt outstanding, which is partially offset in Other Revenues. • Income Tax Expense  decreased $11 million primarily due to a decrease in pretax book income and by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. 26 AEP TRANSMISSION HOLDCO     Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30, AEP Transmission Holdco   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in millions) Transmission Revenues   $ 99   $ 57   $ 157   $ 85 Other Operation and Maintenance   8   6   16   11 Depreciation and Amortization   9   6   18   11 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   17   6   33   13 Operating Income   65   39   90   50 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   14   12   26   21 Interest Expense   (9 )   (5 )   (17 )   (10 ) Income Before Income Tax Expense and Equity Earnings   70   46   99   61 Income Tax Expense   29   22   43   30 Equity Earnings of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries   24   23   46   40 Net Income   65   47   102   71 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   —   —   1   — Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders   $ 65   $ 47   $ 101   $ 71 Summary of Net Plant in Service and CWIP for AEP Transmission Holdco     As of June 30,     2015   2014     (in millions) Net Plant in Service   $ 2,111   $ 1,167 CWIP   1,130   895 27 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014     Reconciliation of  Second Quarter of 2014  to  Second Quarter of 2015   Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from AEP Transmission Holdco (in millions) Second Quarter of 2014   $ 47       Changes in Transmission Revenues:     Transmission Revenues   42 Total Change in Transmission Revenues   42       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   (2 ) Depreciation and Amortization   (3 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (11 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   2 Interest Expense   (4 ) Total Change in Expenses and Other   (18 )       Income Tax Expense   (7 ) Equity Earnings   1       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 65 The major components of the increase in transmission revenues, which consists of wholesale sales to affiliates and non-affiliates, were as follows: • Transmission Revenues  increased $42 million primarily due to an increase in projects placed in-service by our wholly-owned transmission subsidiaries. Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses increased $2 million primarily due to increased transmission investment. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $3 million primarily due to higher depreciable base. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $11 million primarily due to increased property taxes. • Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction  increased $2 million primarily due to increased transmission investment. • Interest Expense  increased $4 million primarily due to higher outstanding long-term debt balances. • Income Tax Expense  increased $7 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income. 28 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014     Reconciliation of  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014  to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from AEP Transmission Holdco (in millions) Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 71       Changes in Transmission Revenues:     Transmission Revenues   72 Total Change in Transmission Revenues   72       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   (5 ) Depreciation and Amortization   (7 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (20 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   5 Interest Expense   (7 ) Total Change in Expenses and Other   (34 )       Income Tax Expense   (13 ) Equity Earnings   6 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   (1 )       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 101 The major components of the increase in transmission revenues, which consists of wholesale sales to affiliates and non-affiliates, were as follows: • Transmission Revenues  increased $72 million primarily due to an increase in projects placed in-service by our wholly-owned transmission subsidiaries. Expenses and Other, Income Tax Expense and Equity Earnings changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses increased $5 million primarily due to increased transmission investment. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $7 million primarily due to higher depreciable base. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $20 million primarily due to increased property taxes. • Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction  increased $5 million primarily due to increased transmission investment. • Interest Expense  increased $7 million primarily due to higher outstanding long-term debt balances. • Income Tax Expense  increased $13 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income. • Equity Earnings  increased $6 million primarily due to increased transmission investment by ETT. 29 GENERATION & MARKETING     Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30, Generation & Marketing   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in millions) Revenues   $ 801   $ 913   $ 1,971   $ 2,164 Fuel, Purchased Electricity and Other   491   560   1,207   1,365 Gross Margin   310   353   764   799 Other Operation and Maintenance   116   125   216   241 Depreciation and Amortization   51   56   101   113 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   11   13   20   25 Operating Income   132   159   427   420 Interest and Investment Income   1   1   2   2 Interest Expense   (10 )   (11 )   (21 )   (23 ) Income Before Income Tax Expense   123   149   408   399 Income Tax Expense   41   51   139   138 Net Income   82   98   269   261 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   —   —   —   — Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders   $ 82   $ 98   $ 269   $ 261 Summary of MWhs Generated for Generation & Marketing   Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions of MWhs) Fuel Type:               Coal 6   9   16   21 Natural Gas 3   2   7   4 Total MWhs 9   11   23   25 30 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Reconciliation of Second Quarter of 2014 to Second Quarter of 2015 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Generation & Marketing (in millions)       Second Quarter of 2014   $ 98       Changes in Gross Margin:     Generation   (53 ) Retail, Trading and Marketing   12 Other   (2 ) Total Change in Gross Margin   (43 )       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   9 Depreciation and Amortization   5 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   2 Interest Expense   1 Total Change in Expenses and Other   17       Income Tax Expense   10       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 82 The major components of the decrease in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, purchased electricity and certain cost of service for retail operations were as follows: • Generation  decreased $53 million primarily due to lower capacity revenue due to the termination of the Power Supply Agreement between AGR and OPCo. • Retail, Trading and Marketing  increased $12 million primarily due to an increase in retail volumes. Expenses and Other changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $9 million primarily due to a decrease in plant outage and maintenance costs. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses decreased $5 million primarily due to reduced plant in service. • Income Tax Expense  decreased $10 million primarily due to a decrease in pretax book income. 31 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Reconciliation of Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Generation & Marketing (in millions)       Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 261       Changes in Gross Margin:     Generation   (77 ) Retail, Trading and Marketing   46 Other   (4 ) Total Change in Gross Margin   (35 )       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   25 Depreciation and Amortization   12 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   5 Interest Expense   2 Total Change in Expenses and Other   44       Income Tax Expense   (1 )       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 269 The major components of the decrease in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, purchased electricity and certain cost of service for retail operations were as follows: • Generation  decreased $77 million primarily due to lower capacity revenue due to the termination of the Power Supply Agreement between AGR and OPCo. • Retail, Trading and Marketing  increased $46 million primarily due to favorable wholesale trading and marketing performance as well as an increase in retail volumes. Expenses and Other changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $25 million primarily due to a decrease in plant outage and maintenance costs. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses decreased $12 million primarily due to reduced plant in service. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  decreased $5 million primarily due to a decrease in property taxes. 32 AEP RIVER OPERATIONS Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from our AEP River Operations segment decreased from $3 million in  2014  to $1 million in  2015  primarily due to lower freight revenue compared to second quarter 2014 resulting from various high water operating restrictions during the quarter.  Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from our AEP River Operations segment increased from $6 million in  2014  to $12 million in  2015  primarily due to lower fuel prices and reduced consumption, partially offset by lower freight revenue.  CORPORATE AND OTHER Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Corporate and Other decreased from a loss of $2 million in  2014  to a loss of $3 million in  2015  primarily due to increased income tax expense of $1 million primarily due to book/tax differences which are accounted for on a flow-through basis. Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Corporate and Other increased from a loss of $7 million in  2014  to a loss of $4 million in  2015  primarily due to book/tax differences which are accounted for on a flow-through basis. AEP SYSTEM INCOME TAXES Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Income Tax Expense increased $10 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income partially offset by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Income Tax Expense increased $36 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income partially offset by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. FINANCIAL CONDITION We measure our financial condition by the strength of our balance sheet and the liquidity provided by our cash flows. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Debt and Equity Capitalization   June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014   (dollars in millions) Long-term Debt, including amounts due within one year $ 19,578   51.4 %   $ 18,684   50.7 % Short-term Debt 1,105   2.9   1,346   3.6 Total Debt 20,683   54.3   20,030   54.3 AEP Common Equity 17,434   45.7   16,820   45.7 Noncontrolling Interests 8   —   4   — Total Debt and Equity Capitalization $ 38,125   100.0 %   $ 36,854   100.0 % Our ratio of debt-to-total capital remained unchanged at 54.3% as of  December 31, 2014  and  June 30, 2015 . 33 Liquidity Liquidity, or access to cash, is an important factor in determining our financial stability.  We believe we have adequate liquidity under our existing credit facilities.  As of  June 30, 2015 , we had $3.5 billion in aggregate credit facility commitments to support our operations.  Additional liquidity is available from cash from operations and a receivables securitization agreement.  We are committed to maintaining adequate liquidity.  We generally use short-term borrowings to fund working capital needs, property acquisitions and construction until long-term funding is arranged.  Sources of long-term funding include issuance of long-term debt, sale-and-leaseback or leasing agreements or common stock. Commercial Paper Credit Facilities We manage our liquidity by maintaining adequate external financing commitments.  As of  June 30, 2015 , our available liquidity was approximately $3.2 billion as illustrated in the table below:     Amount   Maturity     (in millions)     Commercial Paper Backup:         Revolving Credit Facility $ 1,750   June 2017   Revolving Credit Facility 1,750   July 2018 Total 3,500     Cash and Cash Equivalents 195     Total Liquidity Sources 3,695     Less: AEP Commercial Paper Outstanding 397       Letters of Credit Issued 61               Net Available Liquidity $ 3,237     We have credit facilities totaling $3.5 billion to support our commercial paper program.  The credit facilities allow us to issue letters of credit in an amount up to $1.2 billion. We use our commercial paper program to meet the short-term borrowing needs of our subsidiaries.  The program is used to fund both a Utility Money Pool, which funds the utility subsidiaries, and a Nonutility Money Pool, which funds the majority of the nonutility subsidiaries.  In addition, the program also funds, as direct borrowers, the short-term debt requirements of other subsidiaries that are not participants in either money pool for regulatory or operational reasons.  The maximum amount of commercial paper outstanding during the first  six  months of  2015  was $788 million.  The weighted-average interest rate for our commercial paper during  2015  was 0.46%. Other Credit Facilities We issue letters of credit under a $100 million uncommitted facility.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the maximum future payment for letters of credit issued under the uncommitted facility was $100 million with a maturity date of December 2015.  An uncommitted facility gives the issuer of the facility the right to accept or decline each request we make under the facility.   Securitized Accounts Receivable Our receivables securitization agreement provides a commitment of $750 million from bank conduits to purchase receivables.  The agreement expires in June 2017.  34 Debt Covenants and Borrowing Limitations Our credit agreements contain certain covenants and require us to maintain our percentage of debt to total capitalization at a level that does not exceed 67.5%.  The method for calculating outstanding debt and capitalization is contractually defined in our credit agreements.  Debt as defined in the revolving credit agreements excludes securitization bonds and debt of AEP Credit.  As of  June 30, 2015 ,   this contractually-defined percentage was 51.4%.  Nonperformance under these covenants could result in an event of default under these credit agreements.  As of  June 30, 2015 , we complied with all of the covenants contained in these credit agreements.  In addition, the acceleration of our payment obligations, or the obligations of certain of our major subsidiaries, prior to maturity under any other agreement or instrument relating to debt outstanding in excess of $50 million, would cause an event of default under these credit agreements.  This condition also applies in a majority of our non-exchange traded commodity contracts and would similarly allow lenders and counterparties to declare the outstanding amounts payable.  However, a default under our non-exchange traded commodity contracts does not cause an event of default under our credit agreements. The revolving credit facilities do not permit the lenders to refuse a draw on any facility if a material adverse change occurs. Utility Money Pool borrowings and external borrowings may not exceed amounts authorized by regulatory orders and we manage our borrowings to stay within those authorized limits. Dividend Policy and Restrictions The Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.53   per share in July  2015 .  Future dividends may vary depending upon our profit levels, operating cash flow levels and capital requirements, as well as financial and other business conditions existing at the time.  Our income primarily derives from our common stock equity in the earnings of our utility subsidiaries.  Various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements may impose certain restrictions on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to transfer funds to us in the form of dividends.   We do not believe restrictions related to our various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements will have any significant impact on Parent’s ability to access cash to meet the payment of dividends on its common stock. Credit Ratings We do not have any credit arrangements that would require material changes in payment schedules or terminations as a result of a credit downgrade, but our access to the commercial paper market may depend on our credit ratings.  In addition, downgrades in our credit ratings by one of the rating agencies could increase our borrowing costs.  Counterparty concerns about the credit quality of AEP or its utility subsidiaries could subject us to additional collateral demands under adequate assurance clauses under our derivative and non-derivative energy contracts. CASH FLOW Managing our cash flows is a major factor in maintaining our liquidity strength.   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period $ 163   $ 118 Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities 2,203   2,197 Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities (2,190 )   (2,068 ) Net Cash Flows from (Used for) Financing Activities 19   (57 ) Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 32   72 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period $ 195   $ 190 Cash from operations and short-term borrowings provides working capital and allows us to meet other short-term cash needs. 35 Operating Activities   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   (in millions) Net Income $ 1,062   $ 952 Depreciation and Amortization 1,011   934 Other 130   311 Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities $ 2,203   $ 2,197 Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities were $2.2 billion in  2015  consisting primarily of Net Income of $1.1 billion and $1 billion of noncash Depreciation and Amortization.  Other changes represent items that had a current period cash flow impact, such as changes in working capital, as well as items that represent future rights or obligations to receive or pay cash, such as regulatory assets and liabilities.  Deferred Income Taxes increased primarily due to provisions in the Taxpayer Relief Act of 2014 and an increase in tax/book temporary differences from operations.   The reduction in Fuel, Materials and Supplies balances reflects a decrease in fuel inventory due to the cold winter weather, increased generation and plants retired during the second quarter of 2015. Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities were $2.2 billion in  2014  consisting primarily of Net Income of $952 million and $934 million of noncash Depreciation and Amortization partially offset by $105 million of net fuel cost deferrals and $99 million of net Ohio capacity deferrals as a result of the PUCO's July 2012 approval of a capacity deferral mechanism.  Other changes represent items that had a current period cash flow impact, such as changes in working capital, as well as items that represent future rights or obligations to receive or pay cash, such as regulatory assets and liabilities.  Deferred Income Taxes increased primarily due to provisions in the Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 and an increase in tax/book temporary differences from operations.   The reduction in Fuel, Materials and Supplies balances reflects a decrease in fuel inventory due to the cold winter weather and increased generation. Investing Activities   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   (in millions) Construction Expenditures $ (2,182 )   $ (1,883 ) Acquisitions of Nuclear Fuel (52 )   (58 ) Acquisitions of Assets/Businesses (2 )   (45 ) Other 46   (82 ) Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities $ (2,190 )   $ (2,068 ) Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities were $2.2 billion in  2015  primarily due to Construction Expenditures for environmental, distribution and transmission investments.  Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities were $2.1 billion in  2014  primarily due to Construction Expenditures for environmental, distribution and transmission investments.  We also purchased transmission assets for $38 million. 36 Financing Activities   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   (in millions) Issuance of Common Stock, Net $ 56   $ 29 Issuance of Debt, Net 635   459 Dividends Paid on Common Stock (522 )   (490 ) Other (150 )   (55 ) Net Cash Flows from (Used for) Financing Activities $ 19   $ (57 ) Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities in  2015  were $19 million.  Our net debt issuances were $635 million. The net issuances included issuances of $1.7 billion of senior unsecured notes, $140 million of pollution control bonds and $729 million of other debt notes offset by retirements of $754 million of senior unsecured and other debt notes, $180 million of securitization bonds, $140 million of pollution control bonds and $654 of other debt notes and a decrease in short term borrowing of $241 million.  We paid common stock dividends of $522 million.  Other includes a make whole premium payment on the extinguishment of long-term debt of $93 million in addition to capital lease principal payments of $57 million.  See Note  11  - Financing Activities for a complete discussion of long-term debt issuances and retirements. Net Cash Flows Used for Financing Activities in  2014  were $57 million.  Our net debt issuances were $459 million. The net issuances included issuances of $530 million of senior unsecured notes, $304 million of pollution control bonds and $114 million of other debt notes and an increase in short-term borrowing of $725 million offset by retirements of $794 million of senior unsecured and other debt notes, $273 million of pollution control bonds and $138 million of securitization bonds.  We paid common stock dividends of $490 million.  See Note  11  - Financing Activities for a complete discussion of long-term debt issuances and retirements. In July 2015, OPCo retired $23 million of Securitization Bonds. In July 2015, SWEPCo retired $150 million of 4.9% Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2015. In July 2015, TCC retired $94 million of Securitization Bonds. BUDGETED CONSTRUCTION EXPENDITURES  In July 2015, we increased our forecast for construction expenditures by $200 million to approximately $4.6 billion for 2015.  The increase is primarily for transmission investment in the Vertically Integrated Utilities, Transmission and Distribution Utilities, and AEP Transmission Holdco segments.  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Our current guidelines restrict the use of off-balance sheet financing entities or structures to traditional operating lease arrangements that we enter in the normal course of business.  The following identifies significant off-balance sheet arrangements:   June 30,  2015   December 31,  2014   (in millions) Rockport Plant, Unit 2 Future Minimum Lease Payments $ 1,110   $ 1,184 Railcars Maximum Potential Loss from Lease Agreement 19   19 For complete information on each of these off-balance sheet arrangements, see the “Off-balance Sheet Arrangements” section of “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the  2014  Annual Report. 37 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION INFORMATION A summary of our contractual obligations is included in our  2014  Annual Report and has not changed significantly from year-end other than the debt issuances and retirements discussed in the “Cash Flow” section above. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES, NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES See the “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” section of “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the  2014  Annual Report for a discussion of the estimates and judgments required for regulatory accounting, revenue recognition, derivative instruments, the valuation of long-lived assets, the accounting for pension and other postretirement benefits and the impact of new accounting pronouncements. ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS New Accounting Pronouncements Adopted During the First Quarter of 2015 The FASB issued ASU 2014-08 “Presentation of Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment” changing the presentation of discontinued operations on the statements of income and other requirements for reporting discontinued operations.  Under the new standard, a disposal of a component or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results when the component meets the criteria to be classified as held-for-sale or is disposed.  The amendments in this update also require additional disclosures about discontinued operations and disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations.  We adopted ASU 2014-08 effective January 1, 2015.  There were no events requiring application of the new accounting guidance. Pronouncements Effective in the Future The FASB issued ASU 2014-09 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” clarifying the method used to determine the timing and requirements for revenue recognition on the statements of income.  Under the new standard, an entity must identify the performance obligations in a contract, the transaction price and allocate the price to specific performance obligations to recognize the revenue when the obligation is completed.  The amendments in this update also require disclosure of sufficient information to allow users to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flow arising from contracts.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  We are analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on revenue or net income.  We plan to adopt ASU 2014-09 effective January 1, 2017. The FASB issued ASU 2015-01 “Income Statement – Extraordinary and Unusual Items” eliminating the concept of extraordinary items for presentation on the face of the income statement.  Under the new standard, a material event or transaction that is unusual in nature, infrequent or both shall be reported as a separate component of income from continuing operations.  Alternatively, it may be disclosed in the notes to financial statements.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  Early adoption is permitted if applied from the beginning of a fiscal year.  As applicable, this standard may change the presentation of amounts in the income statements.  We plan to adopt ASU 2015-01 effective January 1, 2016. The FASB issued ASU 2015-03 “Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs” to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance sheets.  Under the new standard, debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability will be presented on the balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with discounts.  We include debt issuance costs in Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets on the condensed balance sheets.  Debt issuance costs represent less than 1% of total long-term debt.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted.  We intend to early adopt ASU 2015-03 for the 2015 Form 10-K. 38 The FASB issued ASU 2015-05 “Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement” to provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted.  We are analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on net income.  We plan to adopt ASU 2015-05 effective January 1, 2016. The FASB issued ASU 2015-11 “Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory” to simplify the guidance on the subsequent measurement of inventory, excluding inventory measured using last-in, first out or the retail inventory method.  Under the new standard, inventory should be at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted.  We are analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on net income.  We plan to adopt ASU 2015-11 effective January 1, 2017. Future Accounting Changes The FASB’s standard-setting process is ongoing and until new standards have been finalized and issued, we cannot determine the impact on the reporting of our operations and financial position that may result from any such future changes.  The FASB is currently working on several projects including financial instruments, leases, insurance, hedge accounting and consolidation policy.  The ultimate pronouncements resulting from these and future projects could have an impact on future net income and financial position. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Market Risks Our Vertically Integrated Utilities segment is exposed to certain market risks as a major power producer and through its transactions in power, coal, natural gas and marketing contracts.  These risks include commodity price risk, interest rate risk and credit risk.  In addition, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as we occasionally procure various services and materials used in our energy business from foreign suppliers.  These risks represent the risk of loss that may impact us due to changes in the underlying market prices or rates. Our Transmission and Distribution Utilities segment was exposed to FTR price risk as it related to RTO congestion during the June 2012 - May 2015 Ohio ESP period.  Additional risks include energy procurement risk and interest rate risk. Our Generation & Marketing segment conducts marketing, risk management and retail activities in ERCOT, PJM and MISO.  This segment is exposed to certain market risks as a marketer of wholesale and retail electricity.  These risks include commodity price risk, interest rate risk and credit risk.  These risks represent the risk of loss that may impact us due to changes in the underlying market prices or rates.  In addition, our Generation & Marketing segment is also exposed to certain market risks as a major power producer and through its transactions in wholesale electricity, natural gas and coal trading and marketing contracts. We employ risk management contracts including physical forward purchase-and-sale contracts and financial forward purchase-and-sale contracts.  We engage in risk management of power, coal, natural gas and, to a lesser extent, heating oil, gasoline, diesel and other commodity contracts to manage the risk associated with our energy business.  As a result, we are subject to price risk.  The amount of risk taken is determined by the Commercial Operations, Energy Supply, and Finance groups in accordance with our established risk management policies as approved by the Finance Committee of our Board of Directors.  Our market risk oversight staff independently monitors our risk policies, procedures and risk levels and provides members of the Commercial Operations Risk Committee (Regulated Risk Committee) and the Energy Supply Risk Committee (Competitive Risk Committee) various reports regarding compliance with policies, limits and procedures.  The Regulated Risk Committee consists of AEPSC’s Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of Generation, Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations and Chief Risk Officer.  The Competitive Risk Committee consists of AEPSC’s Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Risk Officer in addition to Energy Supply’s President and Vice President.  When commercial activities exceed predetermined limits, we modify the positions to reduce the risk to be within the limits unless specifically approved by the respective committee. 39 The following table summarizes the reasons for changes in total MTM value as compared to  December 31, 2014 : MTM Risk Management Contract Net Assets (Liabilities) Six Months Ended June 30, 2015                   Vertically Integrated Utilities   Transmission and Distribution Utilities   Generation  & Marketing   Total   (in millions) Total MTM Risk Management Contract Net Assets as of December 31, 2014 $ 36   $ 46   $ 140   $ 222 Gain from Contracts Realized/Settled During the Period and Entered in a Prior Period (28 )   (6 )   (9 )   (43 ) Fair Value of New Contracts at Inception When Entered During the Period (a) —   —   52   52 Changes in Fair Value Due to Market Fluctuations During the Period (b) —   —   8   8 Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (c) 43   (3 )   —   40 Total MTM Risk Management Contract Net Assets as of June 30, 2015 $ 51   $ 37   $ 191   279 Commodity Cash Flow Hedge   Contracts             (9 ) Interest Rate and Foreign Currency Cash Flow Hedge   Contracts             (1 ) Fair Value Hedge Contracts             (3 ) Collateral Deposits             24 Elimination of Affiliated MTM Risk Management Contracts             (7 ) Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets as of June 30, 2015             $ 283 (a) Reflects fair value on primarily long-term structured contracts which are typically with customers that seek fixed pricing to limit their risk against fluctuating energy prices.  The contract prices are valued against market curves associated with the delivery location and delivery term.  A significant portion of the total volumetric position has been economically hedged. (b) Market fluctuations are attributable to various factors such as supply/demand, weather, etc. (c) Relates to the net gains (losses) of those contracts that are not reflected on the condensed statements of income.  These net gains (losses) are recorded as regulatory liabilities/assets. See Note  8  – Derivatives and Hedging and Note  9  – Fair Value Measurements for additional information related to our risk management contracts.  The following tables and discussion provide information on our credit risk and market volatility risk. Credit Risk We limit credit risk in our wholesale marketing and trading activities by assessing the creditworthiness of potential counterparties before entering into transactions with them and continuing to evaluate their creditworthiness on an ongoing basis.  We use Moody’s Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s and current market-based qualitative and quantitative data as well as financial statements to assess the financial health of counterparties on an ongoing basis. 40 We have risk management contracts with numerous counterparties.  Since open risk management contracts are valued based on changes in market prices of the related commodities, our exposures change daily.  As of  June 30, 2015 , our credit exposure net of collateral to sub investment grade counterparties was approximately 7.8%, expressed in terms of net MTM assets, net receivables and the net open positions for contracts not subject to MTM (representing economic risk even though there may not be risk of accounting loss).  As of  June 30, 2015 , the following table approximates our counterparty credit quality and exposure based on netting across commodities, instruments and legal entities where applicable: Counterparty Credit Quality   Exposure  Before  Credit  Collateral   Credit  Collateral   Net  Exposure   Number of  Counterparties >10% of  Net Exposure   Net Exposure  of Counterparties  >10%     (in millions, except number of counterparties) Investment Grade   $ 678   $ —   $ 678   2   $ 254 Split Rating   23   —   23   1   23 Noninvestment Grade   2   —   2   2   2 No External Ratings:                   Internal Investment Grade   110   —   110   3   62 Internal Noninvestment Grade   84   17   67   2   35 Total as of June 30, 2015   $ 897   $ 17   $ 880   10   $ 376                       Total as of December 31, 2014   $ 817   $ 21   $ 796   8   $ 347 In addition, we are exposed to credit risk related to our participation in RTOs.  For each of the RTOs in which we participate, this risk is generally determined based on our proportionate share of member gross activity over a specified period of time. Value at Risk (VaR) Associated with Risk Management Contracts We use a risk measurement model, which calculates VaR, to measure our commodity price risk in the risk management portfolio.  The VaR is based on the variance-covariance method using historical prices to estimate volatilities and correlations and assumes a 95% confidence level and a one-day holding period.  Based on this VaR analysis, as of  June 30, 2015 , a near term typical change in commodity prices is not expected to materially impact net income, cash flows or financial condition. The following tables show the end, high, average and low market risk as measured by VaR for the periods indicated: VaR Model Trading Portfolio Six Months Ended   Twelve Months Ended June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014 End   High   Average   Low   End   High   Average   Low (in millions)   (in millions) $ —   $ 1   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 3   $ 1   $ — VaR Model Non-Trading Portfolio Six Months Ended   Twelve Months Ended June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014 End   High   Average   Low   End   High   Average   Low (in millions)   (in millions) $ 1   $ 2   $ 1   $ —   $ 2   $ 3   $ 1   $ — We back-test our VaR results against performance due to actual price movements.  Based on the assumed 95% confidence interval, the performance due to actual price movements would be expected to exceed the VaR at least once every 20 trading days. 41 As our VaR calculation captures recent price movements, we also perform regular stress testing of the trading portfolio to understand our exposure to extreme price movements.  We employ a historical-based method whereby the current trading portfolio is subjected to actual, observed price movements from the last several years in order to ascertain which historical price movements translated into the largest potential MTM loss.  We then research the underlying positions, price movements and market events that created the most significant exposure and report the findings to the Risk Executive Committee, Regulated Risk Committee, or Competitive Risk Committee as appropriate. Interest Rate Risk We utilize an Earnings at Risk (EaR) model to measure interest rate market risk exposure.  EaR statistically quantifies the extent to which our interest expense could vary over the next twelve months and gives a probabilistic estimate of different levels of interest expense.  The resulting EaR is interpreted as the dollar amount by which actual interest expense for the next twelve months could exceed expected interest expense with a one-in-twenty chance of occurrence.  The primary drivers of EaR are from the existing floating rate debt (including short-term debt) as well as long-term debt issuances in the next twelve months.  As calculated on debt outstanding as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , the estimated EaR on our debt portfolio for the following twelve months was $37 million and $33 million, respectively. 42 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in millions, except per-share and share amounts) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 REVENUES                 Vertically Integrated Utilities   $ 2,159   $ 2,236   $ 4,646   $ 4,785 Transmission and Distribution Utilities   1,008   1,064   2,214   2,225 Generation & Marketing   628   573   1,487   1,394 Other Revenues   147   171   303   288 TOTAL REVENUES   3,942   4,044   8,650   8,692                   EXPENSES                 Fuel and Other Consumables Used for Electric Generation   756   1,043   1,827   2,211 Purchased Electricity for Resale   601   473   1,319   1,111 Other Operation   695   760   1,441   1,540 Maintenance   333   340   627   632 Depreciation and Amortization   506   443   1,011   934 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   242   218   492   456 TOTAL EXPENSES   3,133   3,277   6,717   6,884                   OPERATING INCOME   809   767   1,933   1,808                   Other Income (Expense):                 Interest and Investment Income   3   3   4   4 Carrying Costs Income   9   9   17   15 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   34   25   64   47 Interest Expense   (224 )   (221 )   (447 )   (441 )                   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND EQUITY EARNINGS   631   583   1,571   1,433                   Income Tax Expense   225   215   558   522 Equity Earnings of Unconsolidated Subsidiaries   25   23   49   41                   NET INCOME   431   391   1,062   952                   Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   1   1   3   2                   EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO AEP COMMON SHAREHOLDERS   $ 430   $ 390   $ 1,059   $ 950                   WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF BASIC AEP COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING   490,207,482   488,291,576   489,904,417   488,080,505                   TOTAL BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO AEP COMMON SHAREHOLDERS   $ 0.88   $ 0.80   $ 2.16   $ 1.95                   WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF DILUTED AEP COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING   490,484,450   488,538,227   490,212,271   488,405,869                   TOTAL DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO AEP COMMON SHAREHOLDERS   $ 0.88   $ 0.80   $ 2.16   $ 1.95                   CASH DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER SHARE   $ 0.53   $ 0.50   $ 1.06   $ 1.00 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page  49 . 43 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) For the Three and  Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in millions) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 Net Income   $ 431   $ 391   $ 1,062   $ 952                   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAXES                 Cash Flow Hedges, Net of Tax of $0 and $1 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $3 and $4 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   1   3   (5 )   8 Securities Available for Sale, Net of Tax of $0 and $0 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $0 and $0 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   (1 )   1   —   1 Amortization of Pension and OPEB Deferred Costs, Net of Tax of $0 and $1 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $0 and $1 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   1   1   1   2                   TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   1   5   (4 )   11                   TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   432   396   1,058   963                   Total Comprehensive Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests   1   1   3   2                   TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO AEP  COMMON SHAREHOLDERS   $ 431   $ 395   $ 1,055   $ 961 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page   49 . 44 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in millions) (Unaudited)   AEP Common Shareholders           Common Stock           Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)           Shares   Amount   Paid-in  Capital   Retained  Earnings     Noncontrolling  Interests   Total TOTAL EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2013 508   $ 3,303   $ 6,131   $ 6,766   $ (115 )   $ 1   $ 16,086                             Issuance of Common Stock 1   5   24               29 Common Stock Dividends             (488 )       (2 )   (490 ) Other Changes in Equity             (6 )       3   (3 ) Net Income             950       2   952 Other Comprehensive Income                 11       11 TOTAL EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2014 509   $ 3,308   $ 6,155   $ 7,222   $ (104 )   $ 4   $ 16,585                             TOTAL EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2014 510   $ 3,313   $ 6,204   $ 7,406   $ (103 )   $ 4   $ 16,824                             Issuance of Common Stock 1   8   48               56 Common Stock Dividends             (520 )       (2 )   (522 ) Other Changes in Equity         1           3   4 Deferred State Income Tax Rate Adjustment         17               17 Net Income             1,059       3   1,062 Other Comprehensive Loss                 (4 )       (4 ) Pension and OPEB Adjustment Related to Mitchell Plant                 5       5 TOTAL EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2015 511   $ 3,321   $ 6,270   $ 7,945   $ (102 )   $ 8   $ 17,442 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page  49 . 45 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (in millions) (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and Cash Equivalents   $ 195   $ 163 Other Temporary Investments (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $344 and $371, Respectively, Related to Transition Funding, Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding, Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding and EIS)   356   386 Accounts Receivable:         Customers   815   727 Accrued Unbilled Revenues   64   146 Pledged Accounts Receivable – AEP Credit   997   987 Miscellaneous   71   87 Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts   (27 )   (21 ) Total Accounts Receivable   1,920   1,926 Fuel   424   587 Materials and Supplies   736   738 Risk Management Assets   172   178 Regulatory Asset for Under-Recovered Fuel Costs   125   127 Margin Deposits   87   95 Prepayments and Other Current Assets   210   278 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS   4,225   4,478           PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT         Electric:         Generation   25,619   25,727 Transmission   13,020   12,433 Distribution   17,594   17,157 Other Property, Plant and Equipment (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include Plant to be Retired, Coal Mining and Nuclear Fuel, December 31, 2014 Amount Includes 2015 Plant Retirement)   4,718   5,770 Construction Work in Progress   3,651   3,218 Total Property, Plant and Equipment   64,602   64,305 Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   19,589   20,188 TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT – NET   45,013   44,117           OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS         Regulatory Assets   5,021   4,264 Securitized Assets   1,931   2,072 Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts   2,106   2,096 Goodwill   91   91 Long-term Risk Management Assets   363   294 Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets   2,188   2,221 TOTAL OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS   11,700   11,038           TOTAL ASSETS   $ 60,938   $ 59,633 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page  49 . 46 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (dollars in millions) (Unaudited)               June 30,   December 31,               2015   2014 CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accounts Payable             $ 1,236   $ 1,287 Short-term Debt:                   Securitized Debt for Receivables – AEP Credit         708   744 Other Short-term Debt             397   602 Total Short-term Debt             1,105   1,346 Long-term Debt Due Within One Year  (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $463 and $431, Respectively, Related to Transition Funding, DCC Fuel, Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding, Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding and Sabine)     1,817   2,503 Risk Management Liabilities             78   92 Customer Deposits             335   324 Accrued Taxes             749   871 Accrued Interest             232   239 Regulatory Liability for Over-Recovered Fuel Costs         39   55 Other Current Liabilities             1,059   1,250 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES             6,650   7,967                     NONCURRENT LIABILITIES         Long-term Debt (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $2,114 and $2,260, Respectively, Related to Transition Funding, DCC Fuel, Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding, Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding, Transource Energy and Sabine)     17,761   16,181 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities             174   131 Deferred Income Taxes             11,426   10,986 Regulatory Liabilities and Deferred Investment Tax Credits     3,850   3,892 Asset Retirement Obligations             2,038   1,951 Employee Benefits and Pension Obligations             509   630 Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities     1,088   1,071 TOTAL NONCURRENT LIABILITIES             36,846   34,842                     TOTAL LIABILITIES             43,496   42,809                     Rate Matters (Note 4)               Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)                                   EQUITY         Common Stock – Par Value – $6.50 Per Share:                       2015   2014           Shares Authorized   600,000,000   600,000,000           Shares Issued   510,884,774   509,739,159           (20,336,592 Shares were Held in Treasury as of June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014)     3,321   3,313 Paid-in Capital             6,270   6,204 Retained Earnings             7,945   7,406 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)     (102 )   (103 ) TOTAL AEP COMMON SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY     17,434   16,820                     Noncontrolling Interests             8   4                     TOTAL EQUITY             17,442   16,824                     TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY             $ 60,938   $ 59,633 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page  49 . 47 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the  Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in millions) (Unaudited)     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net Income   $ 1,062   $ 952 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities:         Depreciation and Amortization   1,011   934 Deferred Income Taxes   453   410 Carrying Costs Income   (17 )   (15 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   (64 )   (47 ) Mark-to-Market of Risk Management Contracts   (41 )   9 Amortization of Nuclear Fuel   66   79 Pension Contributions to Qualified Plan Trust   (93 )   (71 ) Property Taxes   102   92 Fuel Over/Under-Recovery, Net   22   (105 ) Deferral of Ohio Capacity Costs, Net   (1 )   (99 ) Change in Other Noncurrent Assets   (91 )   11 Change in Other Noncurrent Liabilities   12   132 Changes in Certain Components of Working Capital:         Accounts Receivable, Net   12   (73 ) Fuel, Materials and Supplies   149   207 Accounts Payable   (10 )   (39 ) Accrued Taxes, Net   (115 )   (86 ) Other Current Assets   22   (3 ) Other Current Liabilities   (276 )   (91 ) Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities   2,203   2,197           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction Expenditures   (2,182 )   (1,883 ) Change in Other Temporary Investments, Net   30   (24 ) Purchases of Investment Securities   (541 )   (510 ) Sales of Investment Securities   516   483 Acquisitions of Nuclear Fuel   (52 )   (58 ) Acquisitions of Assets/Businesses   (2 )   (45 ) Other Investing Activities   41   (31 ) Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities   (2,190 )   (2,068 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Issuance of Common Stock, Net   56   29 Issuance of Long-term Debt   2,603   939 Change in Short-term Debt, Net   (241 )   725 Retirement of Long-term Debt   (1,727 )   (1,205 ) Make Whole Premium on Extinguishment of Long-term Debt   (93 )   — Principal Payments for Capital Lease Obligations   (57 )   (60 ) Dividends Paid on Common Stock   (522 )   (490 ) Other Financing Activities   —   5 Net Cash Flows from (Used for) Financing Activities   19   (57 )           Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents   32   72 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period   163   118 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period   $ 195   $ 190           SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION         Cash Paid for Interest, Net of Capitalized Amounts   $ 431   $ 422 Net Cash Paid for Income Taxes   98   63 Noncash Acquisitions Under Capital Leases   76   33 Construction Expenditures Included in Current Liabilities as of June 30,   543   432 Construction Expenditures Included in Noncurrent Liabilities as of June 30,   66   — Acquisition of Nuclear Fuel Included in Current Liabilities as of June 30,   —   42 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page  49 . 48 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES INDEX OF CONDENSED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   Page  Number     Significant Accounting Matters 50 New Accounting Pronouncements 52 Comprehensive Income 54 Rate Matters 57 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 66 Benefit Plans 70 Business Segments 71 Derivatives and Hedging 75 Fair Value Measurements 82 Income Taxes 91 Financing Activities 92 Variable Interest Entities 96 Property, Plant and Equipment 101 Disposition Plant Severance 102 49 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES CONDENSED NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1 .   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING MATTERS General The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and footnotes were prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements reflect all normal and recurring accruals and adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of our net income, financial position and cash flows for the interim periods.  Net income for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  is not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the year ending December 31,  2015 .  The condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited and should be read in conjunction with the audited  2014  consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, which are included in our Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on February 20,  2015 . Revenue Recognition      Electricity Supply and Delivery Activities - Transactions with PJM Revenues are recognized from retail and wholesale electricity sales and electricity transmission and distribution delivery services.  For regulated and nonregulated operations, we recognize the revenues on the statements of income upon delivery of the energy to the customer and include unbilled as well as billed amounts. APCo, I&M, KPCo and WPCo sell power produced at their generation plants to PJM and purchase power from PJM to supply their retail load.  These power sales and purchases for each subsidiary’s retail load are netted hourly for financial reporting purposes.  On an hourly net basis, each subsidiary records sales of power to PJM in excess of purchases of power from PJM as revenue on the statements of income.  Also, on an hourly net basis, each subsidiary records purchases of power from PJM to serve retail load in excess of sales of power to PJM as Purchased Electricity for Resale on the statements of income.  Upon termination of the Interconnection Agreement on January 1, 2014, each subsidiary manages and accounts for its purchases and sales with PJM individually based on market prices. AEP’s nonregulated subsidiaries also purchase power from PJM and sell power to PJM.  With the exception of certain dedicated load bilateral power supply contracts, these transactions are reported as gross purchases and sales. 50 Earnings Per Share (EPS) Basic EPS is calculated by dividing net earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted EPS is calculated by adjusting the weighted average outstanding common shares, assuming conversion of all potentially dilutive stock options and awards. The following tables present our basic and diluted EPS calculations included on our condensed statements of income:   Three Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   (in millions, except per share data)       $/share       $/share Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders $ 430       $ 390                     Weighted Average Number of Basic Shares Outstanding 490.2   $ 0.88   488.3   $ 0.80 Weighted Average Dilutive Effect of Restricted Stock Units 0.3   —   0.2   — Weighted Average Number of Diluted Shares Outstanding 490.5   $ 0.88   488.5   $ 0.80   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   (in millions, except per share data)       $/share       $/share Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders $ 1,059       $ 950                     Weighted Average Number of Basic Shares Outstanding 489.9   $ 2.16   488.1   $ 1.95 Weighted Average Dilutive Effect of Restricted Stock Units 0.3   —   0.3   — Weighted Average Number of Diluted Shares Outstanding 490.2   $ 2.16   488.4   $ 1.95 There were  no  antidilutive shares outstanding as of June 30, 2015 and 2014. 51 2 .   NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Upon issuance of final pronouncements, we review the new accounting literature to determine its relevance, if any, to our business.  The following final pronouncements will impact our financial statements. ASU 2014-08 “Presentation of Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment” (ASU 2014-08) In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 changing the presentation of discontinued operations on the statements of income and other requirements for reporting discontinued operations.  Under the new standard, a disposal of a component or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results when the component meets the criteria to be classified as held-for-sale or is disposed.  The amendments in this update also require additional disclosures about discontinued operations and disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations.  This standard must be prospectively applied to all reporting periods presented in financial reports issued after the effective date. The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2014.  If applicable, this standard will change the presentation of our financial statements but will not affect the calculation of net income, comprehensive income or earnings per share.  We adopted ASU 2014-08 effective January 1, 2015.  There were no events requiring the application of this new accounting guidance.  ASU 2014-09 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (ASU 2014-09) In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 clarifying the method used to determine the timing and requirements for revenue recognition on the statements of income.  Under the new standard, an entity must identify the performance obligations in a contract, the transaction price and allocate the price to specific performance obligations to recognize the revenue when the obligation is completed.  The amendments in this update also require disclosure of sufficient information to allow users to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flow arising from contracts. The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is not permitted.  As applicable, this standard may change the amount of revenue recognized in the income statements in each reporting period.  We are analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on revenue or net income.  We plan to adopt ASU 2014-09 effective January 1, 2017. ASU 2015-01 “Income Statement  –  Extraordinary and Unusual Items” (ASU 2015-01) In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01 eliminating the concept of extraordinary items for presentation on the face of the income statement.  Under the new standard, a material event or transaction that is unusual in nature, infrequent or both shall be reported as a separate component of income from continuing operations.  Alternatively, it may be disclosed in the notes to financial statements. The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  Early adoption is permitted if applied from the beginning of a fiscal year.  As applicable, this standard may change the presentation of amounts in the income statements.  We plan to adopt ASU 2015-01 effective January 1, 2016. ASU 2015-03 “Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs” (ASU 2015-03) In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03 to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance sheets.  Under the new standard, debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability will be presented on the balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with discounts.  We include debt issuance costs in Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets on the condensed balance sheets.  Debt issuance costs represent less than 1% of total long-term debt. 52 The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted.  We intend to early adopt ASU 2015-03 for the 2015 Form 10-K. ASU 2015-05 “Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement” (ASU 2015-05) In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05 to provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted.  We are analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on net income.  We plan to adopt ASU 2015-05 effective January 1, 2016.   ASU 2015-11 “Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory” (ASU 2015-11) In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 to simplify the guidance on the subsequent measurement of inventory, excluding inventory measured using last-in, first out or the retail inventory method.  Under the new standard, inventory should be at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted.  We are analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on net income.  We plan to adopt ASU 2015-11 effective January 1, 2017. 53 3 .   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Presentation of Comprehensive Income The following tables provide the components of changes in AOCI for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 .  All amounts in the following tables are presented net of related income taxes. Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the Three Months Ended  June 30, 2015     Cash Flow Hedges               Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Securities  Available for Sale   Pension  and OPEB    Total   (in millions) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2015 $ (6 )   $ (18 )   $ 9   $ (88 )   $ (103 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI (1 )   —   (1 )   —   (2 ) Amounts Reclassified from AOCI 2   —   —   1   3 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 1   —   (1 )   1   1 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015 $ (5 )   $ (18 )   $ 8   $ (87 )   $ (102 ) Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the Three Months Ended  June 30, 2014     Cash Flow Hedges               Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Securities  Available for Sale   Pension  and OPEB   Total   (in millions) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2014 $ 4   $ (22 )   $ 7   $ (98 )   $ (109 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI 3   —   1   —   4 Amounts Reclassified from AOCI (1 )   1   —   1   1 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income 2   1   1   1   5 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014 $ 6   $ (21 )   $ 8   $ (97 )   $ (104 ) Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015     Cash Flow Hedges               Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Securities  Available for Sale   Pension  and OPEB   Total   (in millions) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2014 $ 1   $ (19 )   $ 8   $ (93 )   $ (103 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI 2   —   —   —   2 Amounts Reclassified from AOCI (8 )   1   —   1   (6 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (6 )   1   —   1   (4 ) Pension and OPEB Adjustment Related to Mitchell Plant —   —   —   5   5 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015 $ (5 )   $ (18 )   $ 8   $ (87 )   $ (102 ) 54 Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2014     Cash Flow Hedges               Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Securities  Available for Sale   Pension  and OPEB   Total   (in millions) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2013 $ —   $ (23 )   $ 7   $ (99 )   $ (115 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI (11 )   —   1   —   (10 ) Amounts Reclassified from AOCI 17   2   —   2   21 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income 6   2   1   2   11 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014 $ 6   $ (21 )   $ 8   $ (97 )   $ (104 ) Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income The following tables provide details of reclassifications from AOCI for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 .  The amortization of pension and OPEB AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic pension and OPEB costs.  See Note  6  for additional details. Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Three Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Three Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in millions) Commodity:         Generation & Marketing Revenues   $ (4 )   $ — Purchased Electricity for Resale   7   (2 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   3   (2 )           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   —   2 Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   —   2           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   3 — Income Tax (Expense) Credit   1   — Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   2   —           Pension and OPEB          Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)   (5 )   (5 ) Amortization of Actuarial (Gains)/Losses   6   7 Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   1   2 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   —   1 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   1   1           Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ 3   $ 1 55 Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss  Reclassified from AOCI     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in millions) Commodity:         Generation & Marketing Revenues   $ (17 )   $ — Purchased Electricity for Resale   6   29 Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   (3 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   (11 )   26           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   1   4 Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   1   4           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (10 ) 30 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (3 )   11 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (7 )   19           Pension and OPEB         Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)   (10 )   (10 ) Amortization of Actuarial (Gains)/Losses   11   14 Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   1   4 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   —   2 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   1   2           Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ (6 )   $ 21 (a) Represents realized gains and losses subject to regulatory accounting treatment recorded as either current or noncurrent on the condensed balance sheets. 56 4 .   RATE MATTERS As discussed in the  2014  Annual Report, our subsidiaries are involved in rate and regulatory proceedings at the FERC and their state commissions.  The Rate Matters note within our  2014  Annual Report should be read in conjunction with this report to gain a complete understanding of material rate matters still pending that could impact net income, cash flows and possibly financial condition.  The following discusses ratemaking developments in  2015  and updates the  2014  Annual Report. Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014  Noncurrent Regulatory Assets   (in millions)           Regulatory Assets Currently Earning a Return         Storm Related Costs   $ 20   $ 20 Material and Supplies Related to Retired Plants   19   — West Virginia Vegetation Management Program   —   20 Regulatory Assets Currently Not Earning a Return         Asset Retirement Obligation Costs Related to Retired Plants   51   — Virginia Demand Response Program Costs   11   9 Ormet Special Rate Recovery Mechanism   10   10 Storm Related Costs   3   100 Carbon Capture and Storage Product Validation Facility   —   13 IGCC Pre-Construction Costs   —   11 Other Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   23   43 Total Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval $ 137   $ 226 If these costs are ultimately determined not to be recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. OPCo Rate Matters Ohio Electric Security Plan Filings 2009 – 2011 ESP The PUCO issued an order in March 2009 that modified and approved the ESP which established rates at the start of the April 2009 billing cycle through 2011.  The order also provided a phase-in FAC, which was authorized to be recovered through a non-bypassable surcharge over the period 2012 through 2018. In August 2012, the PUCO issued an order in a separate proceeding which implemented a PIRR to recover deferred fuel costs in rates beginning September 2012.  The PUCO ruled that carrying charges should be calculated without an offset for accumulated deferred income taxes and that a long-term debt rate should be applied when collections begin.  In November 2012, OPCo appealed that PUCO order to the Supreme Court of Ohio claiming a long-term debt rate modified the previously adjudicated 2009 - 2011 ESP order, which granted a weighted average cost of capital (WACC) rate.  In November 2012, the IEU filed an appeal of the PUCO decision that included the argument that carrying costs should be reduced due to an accumulated deferred income tax credit.  In June 2015, the Supreme Court of Ohio issued a decision that reversed the PUCO order on the carrying cost rate issue and dismissed the appeal filed by the IEU.  In June 2015, the IEU filed a motion for reconsideration with the Supreme Court of Ohio related to the accumulated deferred income tax credit.  If the Supreme Court of Ohio upholds its June 2015 order, it would remand the matter back to the PUCO for reinstatement of the WACC rate.   Management is unable to predict the outcome of the unresolved litigation discussed above.  Depending on the ruling in this proceeding, it could impact future net income, cash flows and financial condition. 57 June 2012 – May 2015 ESP Including Capacity Charge In August 2012, the PUCO issued an order which adopted and modified a new ESP that established base generation rates through May 2015.  This ruling was generally upheld in rehearing orders in January and March 2013. In July 2012, the PUCO issued an order in a separate capacity proceeding which stated that OPCo must charge CRES providers the RPM price and authorized OPCo to defer a portion of its incurred capacity costs not recovered from CRES providers up to  $188.88 /MW day.  The OPCo RPM price collected from CRES providers, which includes reserve margins, was approximately  $34 /MW day through May 2014 and  $150 /MW day from June 2014 through May 2015.  In December 2012, various parties filed notices of appeal of the capacity costs decision with the Supreme Court of Ohio. As part of the August 2012 ESP order, the PUCO established a non-bypassable RSR, effective September 2012.  The RSR was collected from customers at  $3.50 /MWh through May 2014 and at  $4.00 /MWh for the period June 2014 through May 2015, with  $1.00 /MWh applied to the recovery of deferred capacity costs.  In July 2014, OPCo submitted a separate application to continue the RSR to collect the unrecovered portion of the deferred capacity costs at the rate of  $4.00 /MWh, until the balance of the capacity deferrals has been collected.  In April 2015, the PUCO issued an order approving the application to continue the RSR, with modifications.  The order included approval to continue the collection of deferred capacity costs at a rate of  $4.00 /MWh beginning June 1, 2015 for approximately  32  months, with carrying costs at a long-term cost of debt rate.  Additionally, the order stated that an audit will be conducted of the May 31, 2015 capacity deferral balance, which was  $444 million .  In May 2015, the PUCO granted intervenors requests for rehearing.  As of  June 30, 2015 , OPCo's incurred deferred capacity costs balance of  $432 million , including debt carrying costs, was recorded in Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet.   In 2013, the PUCO issued its Orders on Rehearing for the ESP which generally upheld its August 2012 order.  The PUCO clarified that a final reconciliation of revenues and expenses would be permitted for any over- or under-recovery on several riders including fuel.  In addition, the PUCO addressed certain issues around the energy auctions while other SSO issues related to the energy auctions were deferred to a separate docket related to the competitive bid process (CBP).  In 2013, OPCo and various intervenors filed appeals with the Supreme Court of Ohio challenging portions of the PUCO’s ESP order.  Oral arguments at the Supreme Court of Ohio were held in May 2015. In November 2013, the PUCO issued an order approving OPCo’s CBP with modifications.  As ordered, in 2014, OPCo conducted multiple energy-only auctions for a total of  100%  of the SSO load with delivery beginning April 2014 through May 2015.  As provided for in the June 2015 - May 2018 ESP, for delivery starting in June 2015, OPCo now conducts energy and capacity auctions for its entire SSO load.  The PUCO also approved the unbundling of the FAC into fixed and energy-related components and an intervenor proposal to blend the $188.88/MW day capacity price in proportion to the percentage of energy planned to be auctioned.  Additionally, the PUCO ordered that intervenor concerns related to the recovery of the fixed fuel costs through potentially both the FAC and the approved capacity charges be addressed in subsequent FAC proceedings.  In January 2014, the PUCO denied all rehearing requests and agreed to issue a supplemental request for an independent auditor in the 2012 - 2013 FAC proceeding to separately examine the recovery of the fixed fuel costs, including OVEC.  In March 2014, the PUCO approved OPCo’s request to implement riders related to the unbundling of the FAC.  In October 2014, the independent auditor, selected by the PUCO, filed its report for the period August 2012 through May 2015 with the PUCO.  If the PUCO ultimately concludes that a portion of the fixed fuel costs are also recovered through OPCo's $188.88/MW day capacity charge, the independent auditor has recommended a methodology for calculating a refund of a portion of certain fixed fuel costs.  The retail share of these fixed fuel costs is approximately  $90 million  annually.  A hearing related to this matter has not been scheduled.  Management believes that no over-recovery of costs has occurred and disagrees with the findings in the audit report. If OPCo is ultimately not permitted to fully collect all components of its ESP rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 58 June 2015 - May 2018 ESP In December 2013, OPCo filed an application with the PUCO to approve an ESP that included proposed rate adjustments and the continuation and modification of certain existing riders, including the Distribution Investment Rider (DIR), effective June 2015 through May 2018.  The proposal included a return on common equity of  10.65%  on capital costs for certain riders.  The proposal also included a purchased power agreement (PPA) rider that would allow retail customers to receive a rate stabilizing charge or credit by hedging market-based prices with a cost-based PPA.  The PPA would initially be based upon the OVEC contractual entitlement and could, upon further approval, be expanded to include other contracts involving other Ohio legacy generation assets.  In October 2014, OPCo filed a separate application with the PUCO to propose a new extended PPA with AGR for 2,671 MW for inclusion in the PPA rider. In February 2015, the PUCO issued an order approving OPCo's ESP application, subject to certain modifications, with a return on common equity of  10.2%  on capital costs for certain riders.  The order included (a) approval of the DIR with modified rate caps established by the PUCO, (b) authorization to establish a zero rate rider for OPCo's proposed PPA, (c) the option for OPCo to reapply in a future proceeding with a more detailed PPA proposal and (d) a directive to continue to pursue the transfer of the OVEC contractual entitlement to AGR or to otherwise divest of its interest in OVEC.  In May 2015, on rehearing, the PUCO issued an order that increased the DIR rate caps and deferred ruling on all requests for rehearing related to the establishment of the PPA rider.  In June 2015, OPCo and various intervenors filed applications for rehearing with the PUCO related to the May 2015 order on rehearing.  In July 2015, the PUCO granted the requests for rehearing. In May 2015, OPCo filed an amended PPA application between OPCo and AGR that (a) included OPCo's OVEC contractual entitlement, (b) addressed the PPA requirements set forth in the PUCO's February 2015 order, (c) updated supporting testimony to reflect a current analysis of the PPA proposal and (d) continued to include the 2,671 MW to be available for capacity, energy and ancillary services, produced by AGR over the lives of the respective generating units.  If OPCo is ultimately not permitted to fully collect all components of its ESP rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Significantly Excessive Earnings Test Filings In January 2011, the PUCO issued an order on the 2009 SEET filing.  The order gave consideration for a future commitment to invest  $20 million  to support the development of a large solar farm.  In January 2013, the PUCO found there was not a need for the large solar farm.  The PUCO noted that OPCo remains obligated to spend $20 million on this solar project or another project.  In September 2013, a proposed second phase of OPCo’s  gridSMART ®  program was filed with the PUCO which included a proposed project to satisfy this PUCO directive.  A decision from the PUCO is pending. In June 2015, OPCo filed its 2014 SEET filing with the PUCO.  Management believes its financial statements adequately address the impact of 2014 SEET requirements. Corporate Separation In October 2012, the PUCO issued an order which approved the corporate separation of OPCo’s generation assets including the transfer of OPCo’s generation assets and associated generation liabilities at net book value to AGR.  In June 2013, the IEU filed an appeal with the Supreme Court of Ohio claiming the PUCO order approving the corporate separation was unlawful.  A decision from the Supreme Court of Ohio is pending.  In December 2013, corporate separation of OPCo’s generation assets was completed.  If any part of the PUCO order is overturned, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 59 2009 Fuel Adjustment Clause Audit In January 2012, the PUCO issued an order in OPCo’s 2009 FAC that the remaining  $65 million  in proceeds from a 2008 coal contract settlement agreement be applied against OPCo’s under-recovered fuel balance.  In April 2012, on rehearing, the PUCO ordered that the settlement credit only needed to reflect the Ohio retail jurisdictional share of the gain not already flowed through the FAC with carrying charges.  As a result, OPCo recorded a  $30 million  net favorable adjustment on the statement of income in 2012.  The January 2012 PUCO order also stated that a consultant should be hired to review the coal reserve valuation and recommend whether any additional value should benefit ratepayers.   In September 2014, the Supreme Court of Ohio upheld the PUCO order on appeal.  A review of the coal reserve valuation by an outside consultant has not been initiated by the PUCO.  If the PUCO ultimately determines that additional amounts should benefit ratepayers as a result of the consultant’s review of the coal reserve valuation, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 2012 and 2013 Fuel Adjustment Clause Audits In May 2014, the PUCO-selected outside consultant provided its final report related to its 2012 and 2013 FAC audit which included certain unfavorable recommendations related to the FAC recovery for 2012 and 2013.  These recommendations are opposed by OPCo.  In addition, the PUCO will consider the results of the final audit of the recovery of fixed fuel costs that was issued in October 2014.  See the "June 2012 - May 2015 ESP Including Capacity Charge" section above.  If the PUCO orders a reduction to the FAC deferral or a refund to customers, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Ormet Ormet, a large aluminum company, had a contract to purchase power from OPCo through 2018.  In 2013, Ormet filed for bankruptcy and subsequently shut down operations.  In March 2014, the PUCO issued an order in OPCo’s Economic Development Rider (EDR) filing allowing OPCo to include  $39 million  of Ormet-related foregone revenues in the EDR effective April 2014.  The order stated that if the stipulation agreement between OPCo and Ormet is subsequently adopted by the PUCO, OPCo could file an application to modify the EDR rate for the remainder of the period requesting recovery of the remaining  $10 million  of Ormet deferrals which, as of  June 30, 2015 , is recorded in Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet.  In April 2014, an intervenor filed testimony objecting to  $5 million  of the remaining foregone revenues.  A hearing at the PUCO related to the stipulation agreement was held in May 2014.  In addition, in the 2009 - 2011 ESP proceeding, intervenors requested that OPCo be required to refund the Ormet-related revenues under a previous interim arrangement (effective from January 2009 through September 2009) and requested that the PUCO prevent OPCo from collecting Ormet-related revenues in the future.  Through September 2009, the last month of the interim arrangement, OPCo had  $64 million  of deferred FAC costs related to the interim arrangement, excluding  $2 million  of unrecognized equity carrying costs.  The PUCO did not take any action on this request.  The intervenors raised this issue again in response to OPCo’s November 2009 filing to approve recovery of the deferral under the interim agreement.  To the extent amounts discussed above are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 60 SWEPCo Rate Matters 2012 Texas Base Rate Case In 2012, SWEPCo filed a request with the PUCT to increase annual base rates primarily due to the completion of the Turk Plant.  In 2013, the PUCT issued an order affirming the prudence of the Turk Plant but determined that the Turk Plant’s Texas jurisdictional capital cost cap established in a previous Certificate of Convenience and Necessity case also limited SWEPCo’s recovery of AFUDC in addition to limits on its recovery of cash construction costs.  Additionally, the PUCT deferred consideration of the requested increase in depreciation expense related to the change in the 2016 retirement date of the Welsh Plant, Unit 2.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value of Welsh Plant, Unit 2 was  $83 million , before cost of removal, including materials and supplies inventory and CWIP.   Upon rehearing in January 2014, the PUCT reversed its initial ruling and determined that AFUDC was excluded from the Turk Plant’s Texas jurisdictional capital cost cap.  As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2013, SWEPCo reversed  $114 million  of previously recorded regulatory disallowances.  The resulting annual base rate increase is approximately  $52 million .  In March 2014, the PUCT issued an order related to the January 2014 PUCT ruling and in April 2014, this order became final.  In May 2014, intervenors filed appeals of that order with the Texas District Court.  In June 2014, SWEPCo intervened in those appeals and filed initial responses. If certain parts of the PUCT order are overturned or if SWEPCo cannot ultimately recover its Texas jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant investment, including AFUDC, or its retirement-related costs and potential fuel or replacement power disallowances related to Welsh Plant, Unit 2, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 2012 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In 2012, SWEPCo initiated a proceeding to establish new formula base rates in Louisiana, including recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share (approximately  29% ) of the Turk Plant.  In February 2013, a settlement was filed and approved by the LPSC.  The settlement increased SWEPCo's Louisiana total rates by approximately  $2 million  annually, effective March 2013, which consisted of an increase in base rates of approximately  $85 million  annually offset by a decrease in fuel and other rates of approximately  $83 million  annually.  The March 2013 base rates are based on a  10%  return on common equity and cost recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant and Stall Unit.  The rates are subject to refund based on the staff review of the cost of service and the prudency review of the Turk Plant.  The settlement also provided that the LPSC review base rates in 2014 and 2015 and that SWEPCo recover non-fuel Turk Plant costs and a full weighted-average cost of capital return on the prudently incurred Turk Plant investment in jurisdictional rate base, effective January 2013.  In December 2014, the LPSC approved a settlement agreement related to the staff review of the cost of service.  The settlement agreement reduced the requested revenue increase by  $3 million , primarily due to the timing of both the allowed recovery of certain existing regulatory assets and the establishment of a regulatory asset for certain previously expensed costs.  If the LPSC orders refunds based upon the pending prudence review of the Turk Plant investment, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  2014 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In April 2014, SWEPCo filed its annual formula rate plan for test year 2013 with the LPSC.  The filing included a  $5 million  annual increase, which was effective August 2014.  SWEPCo also proposed to increase rates by an additional  $15 million  annually, effective January 2015, for a total annual increase of  $20 million .  This additional increase reflects the cost of incremental generation to be used to serve Louisiana customers in 2015 due to the expiration of a purchase power agreement attributable to Louisiana customers.  In December 2014, the LPSC approved a partial settlement agreement that included the implementation of the  $15 million  annual increase in rates effective January 2015.  These increases are subject to LPSC staff review and are subject to refund.   If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.   61 2015 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In April 2015, SWEPCo filed its formula rate plan for test year 2014 with the LPSC.  The filing included a  $14 million  annual increase, which will be effective August 2015.  This increase is subject to LPSC staff review and is subject to refund.   If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3  –  Environmental Projects To comply with pending Federal EPA regulations, SWEPCo is currently constructing environmental control projects to meet mercury and air toxics standards for Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 at a cost of approximately  $410 million , excluding AFUDC.  Management currently estimates that the total environmental projects to be completed through 2020 for Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 will cost approximately  $600 million , excluding AFUDC.  As of  June 30, 2015 , SWEPCo has incurred costs of  $256 million , including AFUDC, and has remaining contractual construction obligations of  $89 million  related to these projects.  SWEPCo will seek recovery of these project costs from customers through filings at the state commissions and the FERC.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value of Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 was  $484 million , before cost of removal, including materials and supplies inventory and CWIP.  If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.   APCo and WPCo Rate Matters 2014 West Virginia Base Rate Case  In June 2014, APCo filed a request with the WVPSC to increase annual base rates by  $181 million , based upon a  10.62%  return on common equity, to be effective in the second quarter of 2015.  The filing included a request to increase generation depreciation rates primarily due to the increase in plant investment and changes in the expected service lives of various generating units.  The filing also requested recovery of  $89 million  in regulatory assets over five years related to 2012 West Virginia storm costs, IGCC and other deferred costs.  In addition to the base rate request, the filing also included a request to implement a rider of approximately  $45 million  annually to recover vegetation management costs, including a return on capital investment.   In May 2015, the WVPSC issued an order on the base rate case.  Upon implementation of the order in May 2015, and consistent with the WVPSC authorized total revenue, annual base rates were authorized to be increased by  $99 million  based upon a  9.75%  return on common equity.  The order included a delayed billing of  $25 million  of the annual base rate increase to residential customers until July 2016.  The order provided for carrying charges based upon a WACC rate for the $25 million annual delayed billing through June 2016, and stated recovery would be addressed in the next ENEC case scheduled for 2016.  Additionally, the order included approval of (a) an initial vegetation management rider of  $45 million  annually, (b) revised deprecation rates, including recovery of plants to be retired and (c) the recovery of  $89 million  in previously recorded regulatory assets, which will predominantly be recovered over five years. In June 2015, the WVPSC staff and intervenors filed motions for reconsideration and clarification related to various issues including recovery of lost revenues and the allowed carrying charge rate related to the delayed residential revenues.  In July 2015, the WVPSC issued an order that denied all motions for reconsideration.  2015 Virginia Regulatory Asset Proceeding In January 2015, the Virginia SCC initiated a separate proceeding to address the proper treatment of APCo’s authorized regulatory assets.  As of  June 30, 2015 , APCo’s authorized regulatory assets under review in this proceeding are estimated to be  $12 million .  In February and March 2015, briefs related to this proceeding were filed by various parties.  If any of these costs, or any additional costs that may be subject to review, are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  62 New Virginia Legislation Affecting Biennial Reviews In February 2015, amendments to Virginia law governing the regulation of investor-owned electric utilities were enacted.  Under the amended Virginia law, APCo’s existing generation and distribution base rates are frozen until after the Virginia SCC rules on APCo’s next biennial review, which APCo will file in March 2020 for the 2018 and 2019 test years.  These amendments also preclude the Virginia SCC from performing biennial reviews of APCo’s earnings for the years 2014 through 2017.  APCo's financial statements adequately address the impact of these amendments.  The new law provides that APCo will absorb its Virginia jurisdictional share of incremental generation and distribution costs incurred during 2014 through 2017 that are associated with severe weather events and/or natural disasters and costs associated with potential impairments related to new carbon emission guidelines issued by the Federal EPA. PSO Rate Matters 2015 Oklahoma Base Rate Case In July 2015, PSO filed a request with the OCC to increase annual revenues by  $137 million  to recover costs associated with its environmental compliance plan for the Federal EPA’s Regional Haze Rule and Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, and to recover investments and other costs that have increased since the last base rate case.  The annual increase consists of (a) a base rate increase of  $89 million , which includes  $48 million  in increased depreciation expense that reflects, among other things, recovery through June 2026 for Northeastern Plant, Units 3 and 4, (b) a rider or base rate increase of  $44 million  to recover costs for the environmental controls being installed on Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 and the Comanche Plant and (c) a request to include environmental consumable costs in the FAC, estimated to be  $4 million  annually.  The rate increase includes a proposed return on equity of  10.5%  and is proposed to be effective in January 2016, except for the  $44 million  for environmental investments, which is proposed to be effective in March 2016, after the Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 environmental controls go in service.  The total estimated cost of the environmental controls to be installed at Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 and the Comanche Plant is  $219 million , excluding AFUDC. As of  June 30, 2015 , PSO has incurred costs of  $140 million  related to these projects, including AFUDC.    In addition, the filing also notified the OCC that future incremental purchased capacity and energy costs of an estimated  $35 million  will be incurred related to the environmental compliance plan, due to the closure of Northeastern Plant, Unit 4 in April 2016, which would be recovered through the FAC.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value of Northeastern Plant, Unit 4 was  $95 million , before cost of removal, including materials and supplies inventory and CWIP.   If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 2014 Oklahoma Base Rate Case In April 2015, the OCC issued an order that approved a non-unanimous stipulation agreement between PSO, the OCC staff and certain intervenors.  The approved stipulation provides for no overall change to the transmission rider or to annual revenues, other than additional revenues through a separate rider related to advanced metering costs, and that the terms of the stipulation be effective November 2014.  The advanced metering rider provides  $24 million  of revenues over 14 months beginning in November 2014 and increases to  $27 million  in 2016.  The stipulation also included (a) new depreciation rates for advanced metering investments and existing meters, also effective November 2014, (b) a return on common equity of  9.85%  to be used only in the formula to calculate AFUDC, factoring of customer receivables and for riders with an equity component and (c) recovery of regulatory assets for 2013 storms and regulatory case expenses.  The advanced metering cost rider was implemented in November 2014.  63 I&M Rate Matters Tanners Creek Plant In October 2014, I&M filed an application with the IURC seeking approval of revised depreciation rates for Rockport Plant, Unit 1 and the Tanners Creek Plant.  Upon retirement of the Tanners Creek Plant, I&M proposed that, for purposes of determining its depreciation rates, the net book value of the Tanners Creek Plant be recovered over the remaining life of the Rockport Plant.  The new depreciation rates would result in a decrease in I&M's Indiana jurisdictional electric depreciation expense which I&M proposed to reduce customer rates through a credit rider.  In May 2015, the IURC issued an order approving I&M's request for revised depreciation rates. In May 2015, Tanners Creek Plant was retired.  Upon retirement,  $265 million  was reclassified as Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet related to the net book value of Tanners Creek Plant and is being amortized over  29  years.  An additional  $38 million  was reclassified as Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet for related asset retirement obligations and materials and supplies.  These additional regulatory assets are currently not being amortized, pending regulatory approval. Transmission, Distribution and Storage System Improvement Charge (TDSIC) In October 2014, I&M filed petitions with the IURC for approval of a TDSIC Rider and approval of I&M’s seven-year TDSIC Plan, from 2015 through 2021, for eligible transmission, distribution and storage system improvements.  The initial estimated cost of the capital improvements and associated operation and maintenance expenses included in the TDSIC Plan of  $787 million , excluding AFUDC, would be updated annually.   The TDSIC Plan included distribution investments specific to the Indiana jurisdiction.  The TDSIC Rider would allow the periodic adjustment of I&M's rates to provide for timely recovery of  80%  of approved TDSIC Plan costs.  I&M would defer the remaining  20%  of approved TDSIC Plan costs to be recovered in I&M's next general rate case.  I&M did not seek a rate adjustment in this proceeding but sought approval of a TDSIC Rider rate adjustment mechanism for subsequent proceedings.  In April 2015, I&M filed a notice with the IURC to seek approval of the proposed TDSIC Plan excluding  $117 million  of certain projects that were challenged in this proceeding.  In May 2015, the IURC issued an order that denied I&M's TDSIC Plan and Rider.  In May 2015, I&M filed a petition for reconsideration and/or rehearing with the IURC and in June 2015, filed a notice of appeal with the Indiana Court of Appeals. KPCo Rate Matters Plant Transfer In October 2013, the KPSC issued an order that approved a modified settlement agreement which included the approval to transfer to KPCo a one-half interest in the Mitchell Plant, comprising 780 MW of average annual generating capacity.  In December 2013, the transfer of a one-half interest in the Mitchell Plant to KPCo was completed.  In December 2013, the Attorney General filed an appeal of the order with the Franklin County Circuit Court.  In April 2015, the Franklin County Circuit Court issued an order that affirmed the KPSC's October 2013 order.  In May 2015, the Attorney General filed an appeal of the April 2015 Franklin County Circuit Court order that had affirmed the KPSC's order. Consistent with KPCo’s December 2012 plant transfer filing with the KPSC, Big Sandy Plant, Unit 2 was retired in May 2015.  Upon retirement,  $194 million  was reclassified as Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet related to the net book value of Big Sandy Plant, Unit 2 and the related asset retirement obligations, costs of removal and materials and supplies.  These regulatory assets will be amortized over  25  years, effective July 2015. 64 Kentucky Fuel Adjustment Clause Review In August 2014, the KPSC issued an order initiating a review of KPCo's FAC from November 2013 through April 2014.  In January 2015, the KPSC issued an order disallowing certain FAC costs during the period of January 2014 through May 2015 while KPCo owned and operated both Big Sandy Plant, Unit 2 and its one-half interest in the Mitchell Plant.  As a result of this order, KPCo recorded a regulatory disallowance of  $36 million  in December 2014.  In February 2015, KPCo filed an appeal of this order with the Franklin County Circuit Court.  In April 2015, the Franklin County Circuit Court issued an order approving intervenors' requests to hold this case in abeyance until the KPSC issues a final order in KPCo’s two-year FAC review case for the period November 2012 through October 2014.  2014 Kentucky Base Rate Case In December 2014, KPCo filed a request with the KPSC for a net increase in rates of  $70 million , which consists of a  $75 million  increase in rider rates, offset by a  $5 million  decrease in annual base rates, to be effective July 2015 based upon a  10.62%  return on common equity.  The net increase reflects KPCo's ownership interest in the Mitchell Plant, riders to recover the Big Sandy Plant retirement and operational costs and the inclusion of an environmental compliance plan related to the Mitchell Plant FGD.  Additionally, the filing included a request to recover deferred storm costs.  In March 2015, intervenors filed testimony which recommended net increases in rates ranging from  $20 million  to  $26 million .  These increases consisted of proposed increases in rider rates ranging from  $55 million  to  $63 million , offset by decreases in annual base rates ranging from  $35 million  to  $37 million  and based upon returns on common equity ranging from  8.65%  to  8.75% .  Intervenor recommendations included the recovery of deferred storm costs.   In April 2015, a non-unanimous stipulation agreement between KPCo and certain intervenors was filed with the KPSC.  The parties to the stipulation recommended a net revenue increase of  $45 million , which consisted of a  $68 million  increase in rider rates, offset by a  $23 million  decrease in annual base rates, to be effective July 2015.  The proposed net increase reflects KPCo's ownership interest in the Mitchell Plant, riders to recover the Big Sandy Plant retirement and operational costs and the inclusion of an environmental compliance plan.  Additionally, the agreement included (a) recovery of  $12 million  of deferred storm costs, (b) any difference between the actual off-system sales margins and the  $15 million  included in the proposed annual base rates to be shared with  75%  to the customer and  25%  to KPCo and (c) dismissal of the KPCo and the Kentucky Industrial Utility Customers appeals of the KPSC order in the KPCo fuel adjustment clause review for November 2012 through October 2014.  In June 2015, the KPSC issued an order that approved a modified stipulation agreement.  The order approved a net revenue increase of  $45 million , as proposed in the stipulation agreement, and contained modifications that included (a) approval to recover  $2 million  of IGCC and certain carbon capture study costs, both over  25  years, (b) no deferral of certain PJM costs and (c) denial of the recovery of certain potential purchased power costs through a rider.  Once this order becomes final and non-appealable, KPCo will withdraw its appeal of the KPSC order in the KPCo fuel adjustment clause review.  See "Kentucky Fuel Adjustment Clause Review" section above.     65 5 .   COMMITMENTS, GUARANTEES AND CONTINGENCIES We are subject to certain claims and legal actions arising in our ordinary course of business.  In addition, our business activities are subject to extensive governmental regulation related to public health and the environment.  The ultimate outcome of such pending or potential litigation against us cannot be predicted.  For current proceedings not specifically discussed below, management does not anticipate that the liabilities, if any, arising from such proceedings would have a material effect on our financial statements.  The Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies note within our  2014  Annual Report should be read in conjunction with this report. GUARANTEES We record liabilities for guarantees in accordance with the accounting guidance for “Guarantees.”  There is no collateral held in relation to any guarantees.  In the event any guarantee is drawn, there is no recourse to third parties unless specified below. Letters of Credit We enter into standby letters of credit with third parties.  As Parent, we issue all of these letters of credit in our ordinary course of business on behalf of our subsidiaries.  These letters of credit cover items such as gas and electricity risk management contracts, construction contracts, insurance programs, security deposits and debt service reserves. We have two revolving credit facilities totaling  $3.5 billion , under which we may issue up to  $1.2 billion  as letters of credit.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the maximum future payments for letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facilities were  $61 million  with maturities ranging from October 2015 to June 2016. We issue letters of credit under a  $100 million  uncommitted facility.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the maximum future payments for letters of credit issued under the uncommitted facility were  $100 million  with a maturity of December 2015.  An uncommitted facility gives the issuer of the facility the right to accept or decline each request we make under the facility. We have  $477 million  of variable rate Pollution Control Bonds supported by bilateral letters of credit for  $483 million .  The letters of credit have maturities ranging from March 2016 to July 2017.  Guarantees of Third-Party Obligations SWEPCo As part of the process to receive a renewal of a Texas Railroad Commission permit for lignite mining, SWEPCo provides guarantees of mine reclamation of  $115 million .  Since SWEPCo uses self-bonding, the guarantee provides for SWEPCo to commit to use its resources to complete the reclamation in the event the work is not completed by Sabine.  This guarantee ends upon depletion of reserves and completion of final reclamation.  Based on the latest study completed in 2010, we estimate the reserves will be depleted in 2036 with final reclamation completed by 2046 at an estimated cost of  $58 million .  Actual reclamation costs could vary due to period inflation and any changes to actual mine reclamation.  As of  June 30, 2015 , SWEPCo has collected  $65 million  through a rider for final mine closure and reclamation costs, of which  $16 million  is recorded in Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities and  $49 million  is recorded in Asset Retirement Obligations on our condensed balance sheets. Sabine charges SWEPCo, its only customer, all of its costs.  SWEPCo passes these costs to customers through its fuel clause. 66 Indemnifications and Other Guarantees Contracts We enter into certain types of contracts which require indemnifications.  Typically these contracts include, but are not limited to, sale agreements, lease agreements, purchase agreements and financing agreements.  Generally, these agreements may include, but are not limited to, indemnifications around certain tax, contractual and environmental matters.  With respect to sale agreements, our exposure generally does not exceed the sale price.  As of  June 30, 2015 , there were no material liabilities recorded for any indemnifications. Master Lease Agreements We lease certain equipment under master lease agreements.  Under the lease agreements, the lessor is guaranteed a residual value up to a stated percentage of either the unamortized balance or the equipment cost at the end of the lease term.  If the actual fair value of the leased equipment is below the guaranteed residual value at the end of the lease term, we are committed to pay the difference between the actual fair value and the residual value guarantee.  Historically, at the end of the lease term the fair value has been in excess of the unamortized balance.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the maximum potential loss for these lease agreements was  $30 million  assuming the fair value of the equipment is zero at the end of the lease term. Railcar Lease In June 2003, AEP Transportation LLC (AEP Transportation), a subsidiary of AEP, entered into an agreement with BTM Capital Corporation, as lessor, to lease  875  coal-transporting aluminum railcars.  The lease is accounted for as an operating lease.  In January 2008, AEP Transportation assigned the remaining  848  railcars under the original lease agreement to I&M ( 390  railcars) and SWEPCo ( 458  railcars).  The assignments are accounted for as operating leases for I&M and SWEPCo.  The initial lease term was five years with three consecutive five-year renewal periods for a maximum lease term of twenty years.  I&M and SWEPCo intend to renew these leases for the full lease term of twenty years via the renewal options.  The future minimum lease obligations are  $11 million  and  $12 million  for I&M and SWEPCo, respectively, for the remaining railcars as of  June 30, 2015 . Under the lease agreement, the lessor is guaranteed that the sale proceeds under a return-and-sale option will equal at least a lessee obligation amount specified in the lease, which declines from  83%  under the current five year lease term to  77%  at the end of the  20 -year term of the projected fair value of the equipment.  I&M and SWEPCo have assumed the guarantee under the return-and-sale option.  The maximum potential losses related to the guarantee are  $9 million  and  $10 million  for I&M and SWEPCo, respectively, assuming the fair value of the equipment is zero at the end of the current five-year lease term.  However, we believe that the fair value would produce a sufficient sales price to avoid any loss. ENVIRONMENTAL CONTINGENCIES The Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (Superfund) and State Remediation By-products from the generation of electricity include materials such as ash, slag, sludge, low-level radioactive waste and SNF.  Coal combustion by-products, which constitute the overwhelming percentage of these materials, are typically treated and deposited in captive disposal facilities or are beneficially utilized.  In addition, our generation plants and transmission and distribution facilities have used asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and other hazardous and nonhazardous materials.  We currently incur costs to dispose of these substances safely. In 2008, I&M received a letter from the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) concerning conditions at a site under state law and requesting I&M take voluntary action necessary to prevent and/or mitigate public harm.  I&M started remediation work in accordance with a plan approved by MDEQ.  In 2014, I&M recorded an accrual for remediation at certain additional sites in Michigan.  As a result of receiving approval of completed  67 remediation work from the MDEQ in March 2015, I&M's accrual for all of these sites was reduced.  As of June 30, 2015, I&M's accrual for all of these sites is approximately  $9 million .  As the remediation work is completed, I&M’s cost may change as new information becomes available concerning either the level of contamination at the sites or changes in the scope of remediation.  We cannot predict the amount of additional cost, if any. NUCLEAR CONTINGENCIES I&M owns and operates the two-unit 2,191 MW Cook Plant under licenses granted by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.  We have a significant future financial commitment to dispose of SNF and to safely decommission and decontaminate the plant.  The licenses to operate the two nuclear units at the Cook Plant expire in 2034 and 2037.  The operation of a nuclear facility also involves special risks, potential liabilities and specific regulatory and safety requirements.  By agreement, I&M is partially liable, together with all other electric utility companies that own nuclear generation units, for a nuclear power plant incident at any nuclear plant in the U.S.  Should a nuclear incident occur at any nuclear power plant in the U.S., the resultant liability could be substantial. OPERATIONAL CONTINGENCIES Rockport Plant Litigation In July 2013, the Wilmington Trust Company filed a complaint in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against AEGCo and I&M alleging that it will be unlawfully burdened by the terms of the modified NSR consent decree after the Rockport Plant, Unit 2 lease expiration in December 2022.  The terms of the consent decree allow the installation of environmental emission control equipment, repowering or retirement of the unit.  The plaintiff further alleges that the defendants’ actions constitute breach of the lease and participation agreement.  The plaintiff seeks a judgment declaring that the defendants breached the lease, must satisfy obligations related to installation of emission control equipment and indemnify the plaintiff.  The New York court granted our motion to transfer this case to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio.  In October 2013, a motion to dismiss the case was filed on behalf of AEGCo and I&M.  In January 2015, the court issued an opinion and order granting the motion in part and denying the motion in part.  The court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs’ claims.  Several claims remain, including the claim for breach of the participation agreement and a claim alleging breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.  In June 2015, AEGCo and I&M filed a motion for partial judgment on the claims seeking dismissal of the breach of participation agreement claim as well as any claim for indemnification of costs associated with this case.     In July 2015, the plaintiffs responded to the motion for partial judgment and simultaneously moved for partial summary judgment on their claims for breach of the lease and participation agreement.  We will continue to defend against the remaining claims.  We are unable to determine a range of potential losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. Natural Gas Markets Lawsuits In 2002, the Lieutenant Governor of California filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles County California Superior Court against numerous energy companies, including AEP, alleging violations of California law through alleged fraudulent reporting of false natural gas price and volume information with an intent to affect the market price of natural gas and electricity.  AEP was dismissed from the case.  A number of similar cases were also filed in California and in state and federal courts in several states making essentially the same allegations under federal or state laws against the same companies.  AEP (or a subsidiary) is among the companies named as defendants in some of these cases.  We settled, received summary judgment or were dismissed from all of these cases.  The plaintiffs appealed the Nevada federal district court's dismissal of several cases involving AEP companies to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.  In April 2013, the appellate court reversed in part, and affirmed in part, the district court's orders in these cases.  The appellate court reversed the district court's holding that the state antitrust claims were preempted by the Natural Gas Act and the order dismissing AEP from two of the cases on personal jurisdiction grounds and affirmed the decision denying leave to the plaintiffs to amend their complaints in two of the cases.  Defendants in these cases, including AEP, filed a petition seeking further review with the U.S. Supreme Court on the preemption issue.  AEP also subsequently filed a separate petition with the U.S. Supreme Court seeking review of the personal jurisdiction issue.  In July 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court granted the defendants' previously filed petition for further review with the U.S. Supreme  68 Court on the preemption issue.  Oral argument occurred in January 2015.  In April 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court affirmed the judgment of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on the preemption issue, holding that the plaintiffs' state antitrust claims were not preempted by the Natural Gas Act.  The U.S. Supreme Court denied AEP's petition for review of the personal jurisdiction issue shortly thereafter.  The cases have been remanded to the district court for further proceedings.  We will continue to defend the cases.  We believe the provision we have is adequate.  We are unable to determine the amount of potential additional losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. Wage and Hours Lawsuit In August 2013, PSO received an amended complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma by 36 current and former line and warehouse employees alleging that they have been denied overtime pay in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act.  Plaintiffs claim that they are entitled to overtime pay for “on call” time.  They allege that restrictions placed on them during on call hours are burdensome enough that they are entitled to compensation for these hours as hours worked.  Plaintiffs also filed a motion to conditionally certify this action as a class action, claiming there are an additional 70 individuals similarly situated to plaintiffs.  Plaintiffs seek damages in the amount of unpaid overtime over a three-year period and liquidated damages in the same amount. In March 2014, the federal court granted plaintiffs’ motion to conditionally certify the action as a class action.  Notice was given to all potential class members and an additional 44 individuals opted in to the class, bringing the plaintiff class to 80 current and former employees.  Two plaintiffs have since dismissed their claims without prejudice, leaving 78 plaintiffs.  We will continue to defend the case.  We are unable to determine a range of potential losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. National Do Not Call Registry Lawsuit In May 2014, AEP Energy was served with a complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, alleging violations of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA).  The plaintiff alleges that he received telemarketing calls on behalf of AEP Energy despite having registered his telephone number on the National Do Not Call Registry.  Plaintiff seeks to represent a class of persons who allegedly received such calls.   Plaintiff seeks statutory damages under the TCPA on behalf of himself and the alleged class as well as injunctive relief.  As a result of a mediation held in October 2014, the parties reached an agreement in principle, subject to final documentation and preliminary and final court approval.  In April 2015, we filed a motion with the court for preliminary approval of the settlement.  In June 2015, the court granted preliminary approval of the settlement.  A final approval hearing related to this matter has been scheduled for September 2015.  We will continue to defend the case.  We believe the provision we have is adequate.  We are unable to determine the amount of potential additional losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. Gavin Landfill Litigation In August 2014, a complaint was filed in the Mason County, West Virginia Circuit Court against AEP, AEPSC, OPCo and an individual supervisor alleging wrongful death and personal injury/illness claims arising out of purported exposure to coal combustion by-product waste at the Gavin Plant landfill.  The lawsuit was filed on behalf of 77 plaintiffs, consisting of 39 current and former contractors of the landfill and 38 family members of those contractors.  Eleven of the family members are pursuing personal injury/illness claims and the remainder are pursuing loss of consortium claims.  The plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages, as well as medical monitoring.  In September 2014, we filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, contending the case should be filed in Ohio.  That motion is pending.  We will continue to defend against the claims.  We are unable to determine a range of potential losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. 69 6 .   BENEFIT PLANS We sponsor a qualified pension plan and two unfunded nonqualified pension plans. Substantially all of our employees are covered by the qualified plan or both the qualified and a nonqualified pension plan. We sponsor OPEB plans to provide health and life insurance benefits for retired employees. Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost The following tables provide the components of our net periodic benefit cost (credit) for the plans for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 :   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Three Months Ended June 30,   Three Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions) Service Cost $ 24   $ 18   $ 3   $ 3 Interest Cost 52   56   14   17 Expected Return on Plan Assets (68 )   (65 )   (27 )   (28 ) Amortization of Prior Service Credit —   —   (17 )   (17 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 26   31   4   6 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 34   $ 40   $ (23 )   $ (19 )   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Six Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions) Service Cost $ 47   $ 36   $ 6   $ 7 Interest Cost 103   111   28   34 Expected Return on Plan Assets (137 )   (131 )   (55 )   (56 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 1   1   (34 )   (34 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 53   62   9   11 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 67   $ 79   $ (46 )   $ (38 ) 70 7 .   BUSINESS SEGMENTS Our primary business is the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity.  Within our Vertically Integrated Utilities segment, we centrally dispatch generation assets and manage our overall utility operations on an integrated basis because of the substantial impact of cost-based rates and regulatory oversight.  Intersegment sales and transfers are generally based on underlying contractual arrangements and agreements. Our reportable segments and their related business activities are outlined below: Vertically Integrated Utilities • Generation, transmission and distribution of electricity for sale to retail and wholesale customers through assets owned and operated by AEGCo, APCo, I&M, KGPCo, KPCo, PSO, SWEPCo and WPCo. Transmission and Distribution Utilities • Transmission and distribution of electricity for sale to retail and wholesale customers through assets owned and operated by OPCo, TCC and TNC. • OPCo purchases energy and capacity to serve SSO customers and provides transmission and distribution services for all connected load. AEP Transmission Holdco • Development, construction and operation of transmission facilities through investments in our wholly-owned transmission only subsidiaries and transmission only joint ventures.  These investments have PUCT-approved or FERC-approved returns on equity. Generation & Marketing • Nonregulated generation in ERCOT and PJM. • Marketing, risk management and retail activities in ERCOT, PJM and MISO. AEP River Operations • Commercial barging operations that transports liquids, coal and dry bulk commodities primarily on the Ohio, Illinois and lower Mississippi Rivers. The remainder of our activities is presented as Corporate and Other.  While not considered a reportable segment, Corporate and Other primarily includes the purchasing of receivables from certain AEP utility subsidiaries.  This segment also includes Parent's guarantee revenue received from affiliates, investment income, interest income and interest expense and other nonallocated costs. 71 The tables below present our reportable segment income statement information for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  and reportable segment balance sheet information as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 .  These amounts include certain estimates and allocations where necessary.     Vertically Integrated Utilities Transmission and Distribution Utilities AEP Transmission Holdco Generation  & Marketing AEP River Operations Corporate and Other (a) Reconciling Adjustments Consolidated     (in millions) Three Months Ended   June 30, 2015                                 Revenues from:                                 External Customers   $ 2,159   $ 1,008   $ 25   $ 628   $ 115   $ 7   $ — (c) $ 3,942 Other Operating Segments   24   53   74   173   13   17   (354 )   — Total Revenues   $ 2,183   $ 1,061   $ 99   $ 801   $ 128   $ 24   $ (354 )   $ 3,942                                 Net Income (Loss)   $ 208   $ 78   $ 65   $ 82   $ 1   $ (3 )   $ —   $ 431                                       Vertically Integrated Utilities   Transmission and Distribution Utilities   AEP Transmission Holdco   Generation  & Marketing   AEP River Operations   Corporate and Other (a)   Reconciling Adjustments   Consolidated     (in millions) Three Months Ended   June 30, 2014                                 Revenues from:                                 External Customers   $ 2,236 (b) $ 1,064   $ 21   $ 573 (b) $ 140   $ 10   $ — (c) $ 4,044 Other Operating Segments   16 (b) 70   36   340 (b) 20   12   (494 )   — Total Revenues   $ 2,252   $ 1,134   $ 57   $ 913   $ 160   $ 22   $ (494 )   $ 4,044                                   Net Income (Loss)   $ 155   $ 90   $ 47   $ 98   $ 3   $ (2 )   $ —   $ 391 72     Vertically Integrated Utilities   Transmission and Distribution Utilities   AEP Transmission Holdco   Generation  & Marketing   AEP River Operations   Corporate and Other (a)   Reconciling Adjustments   Consolidated     (in millions) Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015                                 Revenues from:                                 External Customers   $ 4,646 $ 2,214   $ 47   $ 1,487   $ 243   $ 13   $ — (c) $ 8,650 Other Operating Segments   42   117   110   484   24   37   (814 )   — Total Revenues   $ 4,688   $ 2,331   $ 157   $ 1,971   $ 267   $ 50   $ (814 )   $ 8,650                                   Net Income (Loss)   $ 508   $ 175   $ 102   $ 269   $ 12   $ (4 )   $ —   $ 1,062                                       Vertically Integrated Utilities   Transmission and Distribution Utilities   AEP Transmission Holdco   Generation  & Marketing   AEP River Operations   Corporate and Other (a)   Reconciling Adjustments   Consolidated     (in millions) Six Months Ended   June 30, 2014                                 Revenues from:                                 External Customers   $ 4,785 (b) $ 2,225   $ 33   $ 1,394 (b) $ 286   $ 20   $ (51 ) (c) $ 8,692 Other Operating Segments   53 (b) 124   52   770 (b) 39   28   (1,066 )   — Total Revenues   $ 4,838   $ 2,349   $ 85   $ 2,164   $ 325   $ 48   $ (1,117 )   $ 8,692                                   Net Income (Loss)   $ 434   $ 187   $ 71   $ 261   $ 6   $ (7 )   $ —   $ 952 73     Vertically Integrated Utilities Transmission and Distribution Utilities AEP Transmission Holdco Generation  & Marketing AEP River Operations Corporate and Other (a) Reconciling Adjustments Consolidated     (in millions) June 30, 2015                                 Total Property, Plant and Equipment   $ 39,561   $ 13,506   $ 3,275   $ 7,456   $ 726   $ 357   $ (279 ) (d) $ 64,602 Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   12,343   3,565   34   3,344   227   181   (105 ) (d) 19,589 Total Property Plant and Equipment - Net   $ 27,218   $ 9,941   $ 3,241   $ 4,112   $ 499   $ 176   $ (174 ) (d) $ 45,013                                   Total Assets   $ 35,316   $ 14,351   $ 4,036   $ 5,668   $ 756   $ 21,599   $ (20,788 ) (d) (e) $ 60,938                                   Long-term Debt Due Within One Year:                                 Affiliated   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ — Non-Affiliated   894   678   —   240   3   2   —   1,817                                   Long-term Debt:                                 Affiliated   20   —   —   32   —   —   (52 )   — Non-Affiliated   10,146   4,729   1,315   648   79   844   —   17,761                                   Total Long-term Debt   $ 11,060   $ 5,407   $ 1,315   $ 920   $ 82   $ 846   $ (52 )   $ 19,578                                       Vertically Integrated Utilities   Transmission and Distribution Utilities   AEP Transmission Holdco   Generation  & Marketing   AEP River Operations   Corporate and Other (a)   Reconciling Adjustments   Consolidated     (in millions) December 31, 2014                                 Total Property, Plant and Equipment   $ 39,402   $ 13,024   $ 2,714   $ 8,394   $ 700   $ 343   $ (272 ) (d) $ 64,305 Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   12,773   3,481   25   3,603   217   188   (99 ) (d) 20,188 Total Property Plant and Equipment - Net   $ 26,629   $ 9,543   $ 2,689   $ 4,791   $ 483   $ 155   $ (173 ) (d) $ 44,117                                   Total Assets   $ 33,750   $ 14,495   $ 3,575   $ 6,329   $ 749   $ 21,081   $ (20,346 ) (d) (e) $ 59,633                                   Long-term Debt Due Within One Year:                                 Affiliated   $ 111   $ —   $ —   $ 86   $ —   $ —   $ (197 )   $ — Non-Affiliated   1,352   405   —   740   3   3   —   2,503                                   Long-term Debt:                                 Affiliated   20   —   —   32   —   —   (52 )   — Non-Affiliated   8,634   5,256   1,153   217   80   841   —   16,181                                   Total Long-term Debt   $ 10,117   $ 5,661   $ 1,153   $ 1,075   $ 83   $ 844   $ (249 )   $ 18,684 (a) Corporate and Other primarily includes the purchasing of receivables from certain AEP utility subsidiaries.  This segment also includes Parent's guarantee revenue received from affiliates, investment income, interest income and interest expense and other nonallocated costs. (b) Includes the impact of corporate separation of OPCo's generation assets and liabilities that took effect December 31, 2013, as well as the impact of the termination of the Interconnection Agreement effective January 1, 2014. (c) Reconciling Adjustments for External Customers primarily include eliminations as a result of corporate separation in Ohio. (d) Includes eliminations due to an intercompany capital lease. (e) Reconciling Adjustments for Total Assets primarily include the elimination of intercompany advances to affiliates and intercompany accounts receivable along with the elimination of AEP's investments in subsidiary companies. 74 8 .   DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING OBJECTIVES FOR UTILIZATION OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS We are exposed to certain market risks as a major power producer and participant in the wholesale electricity, natural gas, coal and emission allowance markets.  These risks include commodity price risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and, to a lesser extent, foreign currency exchange risk.  These risks represent the risk of loss that may impact us due to changes in the underlying market prices or rates.  We manage these risks using derivative instruments. STRATEGIES FOR UTILIZATION OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS TO ACHIEVE OBJECTIVES Risk Management Strategies Our strategy surrounding the use of derivative instruments primarily focuses on managing our risk exposures, future cash flows and creating value utilizing both economic and formal hedging strategies.  Our risk management strategies also include the use of derivative instruments for trading purposes, focusing on seizing market opportunities to create value driven by expected changes in the market prices of the commodities in which we transact.  To accomplish our objectives, we primarily employ risk management contracts including physical and financial forward purchase-and-sale contracts and, to a lesser extent, OTC swaps and options.  Not all risk management contracts meet the definition of a derivative under the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging.”  Derivative risk management contracts elected normal under the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception are not subject to the requirements of this accounting guidance. We enter into power, coal, natural gas, interest rate and, to a lesser extent, heating oil, gasoline and other commodity contracts to manage the risk associated with our energy business.  We enter into interest rate derivative contracts in order to manage the interest rate exposure associated with our commodity portfolio.  For disclosure purposes, such risks are grouped as “Commodity,” as they are related to energy risk management activities.  We also engage in risk management of interest rate risk associated with debt financing and foreign currency risk associated with future purchase obligations denominated in foreign currencies.  For disclosure purposes, these risks are grouped as “Interest Rate and Foreign Currency.”  The amount of risk taken is determined by the Commercial Operations and Finance groups in accordance with our established risk management policies as approved by the Finance Committee of our Board of Directors. The following table represents the gross notional volume of our outstanding derivative contracts as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 : Notional Volume of Derivative Instruments     Volume         June 30,  2015   December 31,  2014   Unit of Measure Primary Risk Exposure   (in millions)     Commodity:             Power   440   334   MWhs Coal   2   3   Tons Natural Gas   73   106   MMBtus Heating Oil and Gasoline   8   6   Gallons Interest Rate   $ 129   $ 152   USD               Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   $ 564   $ 815   USD 75 Fair Value Hedging Strategies We enter into interest rate derivative transactions as part of an overall strategy to manage the mix of fixed-rate and floating-rate debt.  Certain interest rate derivative transactions effectively modify our exposure to interest rate risk by converting a portion of our fixed-rate debt to a floating rate.  Provided specific criteria are met, these interest rate derivatives are designated as fair value hedges. Cash Flow Hedging Strategies We enter into and designate as cash flow hedges certain derivative transactions for the purchase and sale of power and natural gas (“Commodity”) in order to manage the variable price risk related to the forecasted purchase and sale of these commodities.  We monitor the potential impacts of commodity price changes and, where appropriate, enter into derivative transactions to protect profit margins for a portion of future electricity sales and energy purchases.  We do not hedge all commodity price risk. Our vehicle fleet and barge operations are exposed to gasoline and diesel fuel price volatility.  We enter into financial heating oil and gasoline derivative contracts in order to mitigate price risk of our future fuel purchases.  We discontinued cash flow hedge accounting for these derivative contracts effective March 31, 2014.  In March 2014, these contracts were grouped as "Commodity" with other risk management activities.  We do not hedge all fuel price risk. We enter into a variety of interest rate derivative transactions in order to manage interest rate risk exposure.  Some interest rate derivative transactions effectively modify our exposure to interest rate risk by converting a portion of our floating-rate debt to a fixed rate.  We also enter into interest rate derivative contracts to manage interest rate exposure related to future borrowings of fixed-rate debt.  Our forecasted fixed-rate debt offerings have a high probability of occurrence as the proceeds will be used to fund existing debt maturities and projected capital expenditures.  We do not hedge all interest rate exposure. At times, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks primarily when we purchase certain fixed assets from foreign suppliers.  In accordance with our risk management policy, we may enter into foreign currency derivative transactions to protect against the risk of increased cash outflows resulting from a foreign currency’s appreciation against the dollar.  We do not hedge all foreign currency exposure. ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND THE IMPACT ON OUR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging” requires recognition of all qualifying derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the condensed balance sheets at fair value.  The fair values of derivative instruments accounted for using MTM accounting or hedge accounting are based on exchange prices and broker quotes.  If a quoted market price is not available, the estimate of fair value is based on the best information available including valuation models that estimate future energy prices based on existing market and broker quotes, supply and demand market data and assumptions.  In order to determine the relevant fair values of our derivative instruments, we also apply valuation adjustments for discounting, liquidity and credit quality. Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will fail to perform on the contract or fail to pay amounts due.  Liquidity risk represents the risk that imperfections in the market will cause the price to vary from estimated fair value based upon prevailing market supply and demand conditions.  Since energy markets are imperfect and volatile, there are inherent risks related to the underlying assumptions in models used to fair value risk management contracts.  Unforeseen events may cause reasonable price curves to differ from actual price curves throughout a contract's term and at the time a contract settles.  Consequently, there could be significant adverse or favorable effects on future net income and cash flows if market prices are not consistent with our estimates of current market consensus for forward prices in the current period.  This is particularly true for longer term contracts.  Cash flows may vary based on market conditions, margin requirements and the timing of settlement of our risk management contracts. 76 According to the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging,” we reflect the fair values of our derivative instruments subject to netting agreements with the same counterparty net of related cash collateral.  For certain risk management contracts, we are required to post or receive cash collateral based on third party contractual agreements and risk profiles.  For the  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  condensed balance sheets, we netted  $3 million  and  $4 million , respectively, of cash collateral received from third parties against short-term and long-term risk management assets and  $27 million  and  $35 million , respectively, of cash collateral paid to third parties against short-term and long-term risk management liabilities. The following tables represent the gross fair value impact of our derivative activity on our condensed balance sheets as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 : Fair Value of Derivative Instruments June 30, 2015     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in millions) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 390   $ 22   $ 2   $ 414   $ (242 )   $ 172 Long-term Risk Management Assets   451   4   —   455   (92 )   363 Total Assets   841   26   2   869   (334 )   535                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   311   18   1   330   (252 )   78 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   258   17   5   280   (106 )   174 Total Liabilities   569   35   6   610   (358 )   252                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 272   $ (9 )   $ (4 )   $ 259   $ 24   $ 283                           Fair Value of Derivative Instruments December 31, 2014                               Risk Management  Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts  of Risk  Management  Assets/  Liabilities Recognized   Gross  Amounts  Offset in the  Statement of  Financial  Position (b)   Net Amounts of  Assets/Liabilities  Presented in the  Statement of  Financial  Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate  and Foreign  Currency (a)           (in millions) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 392   $ 30   $ 3   $ 425   $ (247 )   $ 178 Long-term Risk Management Assets   367   3   —   370   (76 )   294 Total Assets   759   33   3   795   (323 )   472                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   329   23   1   353   (261 )   92 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   208   8   9   225   (94 )   131 Total Liabilities   537   31   10   578   (355 )   223                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 222   $ 2   $ (7 )   $ 217   $ 32   $ 249 (a) Derivative instruments within these categories are reported gross.  These instruments are subject to master netting agreements and are presented on the condensed balance sheets on a net basis in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (b) Amounts primarily include counterparty netting of risk management and hedging contracts and associated cash collateral in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging."  Amounts also include de-designated risk management contracts. (c) There are no derivative contracts subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement which are not offset in the statement of financial position. 77 The table below presents our activity of derivative risk management contracts for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 : Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Risk Management Contracts For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30, Location of Gain (Loss)   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in millions) Vertically Integrated Utilities Revenues   $ 1   $ 4   $ 7   $ 22 Generation & Marketing Revenues   10   16   59   48 Other Operation Expense   —   —   (2 )   — Maintenance Expense   —   —   (1 )   — Purchased Electricity for Resale   —   —   4   — Regulatory Assets (a)   4   —   —   — Regulatory Liabilities (a)   49   29   53   118 Total Gain on Risk Management Contracts   $ 64   $ 49   $ 120   $ 188 (a) Represents realized and unrealized gains and losses subject to regulatory accounting treatment recorded as either current or noncurrent on the condensed balance sheets. Certain qualifying derivative instruments have been designated as normal purchase or normal sale contracts, as provided in the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging.”  Derivative contracts that have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales under that accounting guidance are not subject to MTM accounting treatment and are recognized on the condensed statements of income on an accrual basis. Our accounting for the changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies for and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship and further, on the type of hedging relationship.  Depending on the exposure, we designate a hedging instrument as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. For contracts that have not been designated as part of a hedging relationship, the accounting for changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative instrument is held for trading purposes.  Unrealized and realized gains and losses on derivative instruments held for trading purposes are included in revenues on a net basis on the condensed statements of income.  Unrealized and realized gains and losses on derivative instruments not held for trading purposes are included in revenues or expenses on the condensed statements of income depending on the relevant facts and circumstances.  Certain derivatives that economically hedge future commodity risk are recorded in the same expense line item on the condensed statements of income as that of the associated risk.  However, unrealized and some realized gains and losses in regulated jurisdictions for both trading and non-trading derivative instruments are recorded as regulatory assets (for losses) or regulatory liabilities (for gains) in accordance with the accounting guidance for “Regulated Operations.” Accounting for Fair Value Hedging Strategies For fair value hedges (i.e. hedging the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or an identified portion thereof attributable to a particular risk), the gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item associated with the hedged risk impacts Net Income during the period of change. 78 We record realized and unrealized gains or losses on interest rate swaps that qualify for fair value hedge accounting treatment and any offsetting changes in the fair value of the debt being hedged in Interest Expense on our condensed statements of income.  The following table shows the results of our hedging gains (losses) during the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 :   Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions) Gain on Fair Value Hedging Instruments $ 1   $ 2   $ 6   $ 4 Loss on Fair Value Portion of Long-term Debt (1 )   (2 )   (6 )   (4 ) During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , hedge ineffectiveness was immaterial. Accounting for Cash Flow Hedging Strategies For cash flow hedges (i.e. hedging the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows attributable to a particular risk), we initially report the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on our condensed balance sheets until the period the hedged item affects Net Income.  We recognize any hedge ineffectiveness in Net Income immediately during the period of change, except in regulated jurisdictions where hedge ineffectiveness is recorded as a regulatory asset (for losses) or a regulatory liability (for gains). Realized gains and losses on derivative contracts for the purchase and sale of power and natural gas designated as cash flow hedges are included in Revenues or Purchased Electricity for Resale on our condensed statements of income, or in Regulatory Assets or Regulatory Liabilities on our condensed balance sheets, depending on the specific nature of the risk being hedged.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , we designated power derivatives as cash flow hedges but did not designate natural gas derivatives as cash flow hedges. We reclassify gains and losses on heating oil and gasoline derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on our condensed balance sheets into Other Operation expense, Maintenance expense or Depreciation and Amortization expense, as it relates to capital projects, on our condensed statements of income.  The impact of cash flow hedge accounting for these derivative contracts was immaterial and discontinued effective March 31, 2014. We reclassify gains and losses on interest rate derivative hedges related to our debt financings from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on our condensed balance sheets into Interest Expense on our condensed statements of income in those periods in which hedged interest payments occur.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , we designated interest rate derivatives as cash flow hedges.   The accumulated gains or losses related to our foreign currency hedges are reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on our condensed balance sheets into Depreciation and Amortization expense on our condensed statements of income over the depreciable lives of the fixed assets designated as the hedged items in qualifying foreign currency hedging relationships.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , we did not designate any foreign currency derivatives as cash flow hedges.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , hedge ineffectiveness was immaterial or nonexistent for all cash flow hedge strategies disclosed above. For details on designated, effective cash flow hedges included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on our condensed balance sheets and the reasons for changes in cash flow hedges for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , see Note  3 . 79 Cash flow hedges included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the condensed balance sheets as of  June 30, 2015  and December 31,  2014  were: Impact of Cash Flow Hedges on the Condensed Balance Sheet June 30, 2015               Commodity   Interest Rate  and Foreign  Currency   Total   (in millions) Hedging Assets (a) $ 10   $ —   $ 10 Hedging Liabilities (a) 19   1   20 AOCI Loss Net of Tax (5 )   (18 )   (23 ) Portion Expected to be Reclassified to Net Income During the Next Twelve Months 4   (1 )   3             Impact of Cash Flow Hedges on the Condensed Balance Sheet December 31, 2014               Commodity   Interest Rate  and Foreign  Currency   Total   (in millions) Hedging Assets (a) $ 16   $ —   $ 16 Hedging Liabilities (a) 14   1   15 AOCI Gain (Loss) Net of Tax 1   (19 )   (18 ) Portion Expected to be Reclassified to Net Income During the Next Twelve Months 4   (2 )   2 (a) Hedging Assets and Hedging Liabilities are included in Risk Management Assets and Liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. The actual amounts that we reclassify from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) to Net Income can differ from the estimate above due to market price changes.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the maximum length of time that we are hedging (with contracts subject to the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging”) our exposure to variability in future cash flows related to forecasted transactions was  90 months . Credit Risk We limit credit risk in our wholesale marketing and trading activities by assessing the creditworthiness of potential counterparties before entering into transactions with them and continuing to evaluate their creditworthiness on an ongoing basis.  We use Moody’s, Standard and Poor’s and current market-based qualitative and quantitative data as well as financial statements to assess the financial health of counterparties on an ongoing basis.   When we use standardized master agreements, these agreements may include collateral requirements.  These master agreements facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single counterparty.  Cash, letters of credit and parental/affiliate guarantees may be obtained as security from counterparties in order to mitigate credit risk.  The collateral agreements require a counterparty to post cash or letters of credit in the event an exposure exceeds our established threshold.  The threshold represents an unsecured credit limit which may be supported by a parental/affiliate guaranty, as determined in accordance with our credit policy.  In addition, collateral agreements allow for termination and liquidation of all positions in the event of a failure or inability to post collateral. 80 Collateral Triggering Events Under the tariffs of the RTOs and Independent System Operators (ISOs), we are obligated to post an additional amount of collateral for a limited number of derivative and non-derivative contracts primarily related to our competitive retail auction loads and guaranties for contractual obligations if our credit ratings decline below a specified rating threshold.  The amount of collateral required fluctuates based on market prices and our total exposure.  On an ongoing basis, our risk management organization assesses the appropriateness of these collateral triggering items in contracts.  AEP and its subsidiaries have not experienced a downgrade below a specified rating threshold that would require the posting of additional collateral.  The following table represents our exposure if our credit ratings were to decline below a specified rating threshold as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 :     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014     (in millions) Fair Value of Contracts with Credit Downgrade Triggers   $ —   $ — Amount of Collateral AEP Subsidiaries Would Have been Required to Post for Derivative Contracts as well as Derivative and Non-Derivative Contracts Subject to the Same Master Netting Arrangement   —   — Amount of Collateral AEP Subsidiaries Would Have Been Required to Post Attributable to RTOs and ISOs   31   36 Amount of Collateral Attributable to Other Contracts (a)   304   281 (a) Represents the amount of collateral AEP subsidiaries would have been required to post for other significant non-derivative contracts including AGR jointly owned plant contracts and various other commodity related contracts. In addition, a majority of our non-exchange traded commodity contracts contain cross-default provisions that, if triggered, would permit the counterparty to declare a default and require settlement of the outstanding payable.  These cross-default provisions could be triggered if there was a non-performance event by Parent or the obligor under outstanding debt or a third party obligation in excess of  $50 million .  On an ongoing basis, our risk management organization assesses the appropriateness of these cross-default provisions in our contracts.  The following table represents: (a) the fair value of these derivative liabilities subject to cross-default provisions prior to consideration of contractual netting arrangements, (b) the amount this exposure has been reduced by cash collateral we have posted and (c) if a cross-default provision would have been triggered, the settlement amount that would be required after considering our contractual netting arrangements as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 :   June 30,  2015   December 31,  2014   (in millions) Liabilities for Contracts with Cross Default Provisions Prior to Contractual Netting Arrangements $ 287   $ 235 Amount of Cash Collateral Posted 5   9 Additional Settlement Liability if Cross Default Provision is Triggered 225   178 81 9 .   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Fair Value Hierarchy and Valuation Techniques The accounting guidance for “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures” establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value.  The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement).  Where observable inputs are available for substantially the full term of the asset or liability, the instrument is categorized in Level 2.  When quoted market prices are not available, pricing may be completed using comparable securities, dealer values, operating data and general market conditions to determine fair value.  Valuation models utilize various inputs such as commodity, interest rate and, to a lesser degree, volatility and credit that include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, market corroborated inputs (i.e. inputs derived principally from, or correlated to, observable market data) and other observable inputs for the asset or liability.  The amount of risk taken is determined by the Commercial Operations, Energy Supply and Finance groups in accordance with our established risk management policies as approved by the Finance Committee of our Board of Directors.  Our market risk oversight staff independently monitors our risk policies, procedures and risk levels and provides members of the Commercial Operations Risk Committee (Regulated Risk Committee) and the Energy Supply Risk Committee (Competitive Risk Committee) various reports regarding compliance with policies, limits and procedures.  The Regulated Risk Committee consists of AEPSC’s Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of Generation, Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations and Chief Risk Officer.  The Competitive Risk Committee consists of AEPSC’s Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Risk Officer in addition to Energy Supply’s President and Vice President.  For our commercial activities, exchange traded derivatives, namely futures contracts, are generally fair valued based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are classified as Level 1.  Level 2 inputs primarily consist of OTC broker quotes in moderately active or less active markets, as well as exchange traded contracts where there is insufficient market liquidity to warrant inclusion in Level 1.  We verify our price curves using these broker quotes and classify these fair values within Level 2 when substantially all of the fair value can be corroborated.  We typically obtain multiple broker quotes, which are nonbinding in nature, but are based on recent trades in the marketplace.  When multiple broker quotes are obtained, we average the quoted bid and ask prices.  In certain circumstances, we may discard a broker quote if it is a clear outlier.  We use a historical correlation analysis between the broker quoted location and the illiquid locations.  If the points are highly correlated, we include these locations within Level 2 as well.  Certain OTC and bilaterally executed derivative instruments are executed in less active markets with a lower availability of pricing information.  Illiquid transactions, complex structured transactions, FTRs and counterparty credit risk may require nonmarket based inputs.  Some of these inputs may be internally developed or extrapolated and utilized to estimate fair value.  When such inputs have a significant impact on the measurement of fair value, the instrument is categorized as Level 3.  The main driver of our contracts being classified as Level 3 is the inability to substantiate our energy price curves in the market.  A significant portion of our Level 3 instruments have been economically hedged which greatly limits potential earnings volatility. We utilize our trustee’s external pricing service in our estimate of the fair value of the underlying investments held in the nuclear trusts.  Our investment managers review and validate the prices utilized by the trustee to determine fair value.  We perform our own valuation testing to verify the fair values of the securities.  We receive audit reports of our trustee’s operating controls and valuation processes.  The trustee uses multiple pricing vendors for the assets held in the trusts. Assets in the nuclear trusts, Cash and Cash Equivalents and Other Temporary Investments are classified using the following methods.  Equities are classified as Level 1 holdings if they are actively traded on exchanges.  Items classified as Level 1 are investments in money market funds, fixed income and equity mutual funds and domestic equity securities.  They are valued based on observable inputs primarily unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.  Items classified as Level 2 are primarily investments in individual fixed income securities and cash equivalents funds.  Fixed income securities do not trade on an exchange and do not have an official closing price but their valuation inputs are based on observable market data.  Pricing vendors calculate bond valuations using financial models and  82 matrices.  The models use observable inputs including yields on benchmark securities, quotes by securities brokers, rating agency actions, discounts or premiums on securities compared to par prices, changes in yields for U.S. Treasury securities, corporate actions by bond issuers, prepayment schedules and histories, economic events and, for certain securities, adjustments to yields to reflect changes in the rate of inflation.  Other securities with model-derived valuation inputs that are observable are also classified as Level 2 investments.  Investments with unobservable valuation inputs are classified as Level 3 investments. Fair Value Measurements of Long-term Debt The fair values of Long-term Debt are based on quoted market prices, without credit enhancements, for the same or similar issues and the current interest rates offered for instruments with similar maturities classified as Level 2 measurement inputs.  These instruments are not marked-to-market.  The estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that we could realize in a current market exchange. The book values and fair values of Long-term Debt as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  are summarized in the following table:   June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014   Book Value   Fair Value   Book Value   Fair Value   (in millions) Long-term Debt $ 19,578   $ 21,205   $ 18,684   $ 21,075 Fair Value Measurements of Other Temporary Investments Other Temporary Investments include funds held by trustees primarily for the payment of securitization bonds and securities available for sale, including marketable securities that we intend to hold for less than one year and investments by our protected cell of EIS. The following is a summary of Other Temporary Investments:     June 30, 2015 Other Temporary Investments   Cost   Gross Unrealized  Gains   Gross Unrealized  Losses   Fair  Value     (in millions) Restricted Cash (a)   $ 249   $ —   $ —   $ 249 Fixed Income Securities  –  Mutual Funds   81   —   —   81 Equity Securities  –  Mutual Funds   13   13   —   26 Total Other Temporary Investments   $ 343   $ 13   $ —   $ 356                       December 31, 2014 Other Temporary Investments   Cost   Gross Unrealized  Gains   Gross Unrealized  Losses   Fair  Value     (in millions) Restricted Cash (a)   $ 280   $ —   $ —   $ 280 Fixed Income Securities  –  Mutual Funds   81   —   —   81 Equity Securities  –  Mutual Funds   13   12   —   25 Total Other Temporary Investments   $ 374   $ 12   $ —   $ 386 (a) Primarily represents amounts held for the repayment of debt. 83 The following table provides the activity for our fixed income and equity securities within Other Temporary Investments for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 :   Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions) Proceeds from Investment Sales $ —   $ —   $ —   $ — Purchases of Investments —   —   —   1 Gross Realized Gains on Investment Sales —   —   —   — Gross Realized Losses on Investment Sales —   —   —   — As of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , we had no Other Temporary Investments with an unrealized loss position.  As of  June 30, 2015 , fixed income securities were primarily debt based mutual funds with short and intermediate maturities.  Mutual funds may be sold and do not contain maturity dates. For details of the reasons for changes in Securities Available for Sale included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 , see Note  3 . Fair Value Measurements of Trust Assets for Decommissioning and SNF Disposal Nuclear decommissioning and spent nuclear fuel trust funds represent funds that regulatory commissions allow us to collect through rates to fund future decommissioning and spent nuclear fuel disposal liabilities.  By rules or orders, the IURC, the MPSC and the FERC established investment limitations and general risk management guidelines.  In general, limitations include: • Acceptable investments (rated investment grade or above when purchased). • Maximum percentage invested in a specific type of investment. • Prohibition of investment in obligations of AEP or its affiliates. • Withdrawals permitted only for payment of decommissioning costs and trust expenses. We maintain trust records for each regulatory jurisdiction.  These funds are managed by external investment managers who must comply with the guidelines and rules of the applicable regulatory authorities.  The trust assets are invested to optimize the net of tax earnings of the trust giving consideration to liquidity, risk, diversification and other prudent investment objectives. I&M records securities held in trust funds for decommissioning nuclear facilities and for the disposal of SNF at fair value.  I&M classifies securities in the trust funds as available-for-sale due to their long-term purpose.  Other-than-temporary impairments for investments in both fixed income and equity securities are considered realized losses as a result of securities being managed by an external investment management firm.  The external investment management firm makes specific investment decisions regarding the equity and fixed income investments held in these trusts and generally intends to sell fixed income securities in an unrealized loss position as part of a tax optimization strategy.  Impairments reduce the cost basis of the securities which will affect any future unrealized gain or realized gain or loss due to the adjusted cost of investment.  I&M records unrealized gains and other-than-temporary impairments from securities in the trust funds as adjustments to the regulatory liability account for the nuclear decommissioning trust funds and to regulatory assets or liabilities for the SNF disposal trust funds in accordance with their treatment in rates.  Consequently, changes in fair value of trust assets do not affect earnings or AOCI.  The trust assets are recorded by jurisdiction and may not be used for another jurisdiction’s liabilities.  Regulatory approval is required to withdraw decommissioning funds. 84 The following is a summary of nuclear trust fund investments as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 :   June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014   Fair Value   Gross  Unrealized Gains   Other-Than-  Temporary Impairments   Fair Value   Gross  Unrealized Gains   Other-Than-  Temporary Impairments   (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 53   $ —   $ —   $ 20   $ —   $ — Fixed Income Securities:                       United States Government 786   37   (3 )   697   45   (5 ) Corporate Debt 62   3   (1 )   48   4   (1 ) State and Local Government 70   1   —   208   1   — Subtotal Fixed Income Securities 918   41   (4 )   953   50   (6 ) Equity Securities  –  Domestic 1,135   595   (78 )   1,123   599   (79 ) Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts $ 2,106   $ 636   $ (82 )   $ 2,096   $ 649   $ (85 ) The following table provides the securities activity within the decommissioning and SNF trusts for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 :   Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions) Proceeds from Investment Sales $ 288   $ 335   $ 516   $ 483 Purchases of Investments 295   345   541   509 Gross Realized Gains on Investment Sales 8   9   19   17 Gross Realized Losses on Investment Sales 6   8   10   9 The adjusted cost of fixed income securities was  $877 million  and  $903 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  The adjusted cost of equity securities was  $540 million  and  $524 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively. The fair value of fixed income securities held in the nuclear trust funds, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  June 30, 2015  was as follows:   Fair Value of  Fixed Income  Securities   (in millions) Within 1 year $ 141 1 year – 5 years 376 5 years – 10 years 186 After 10 years 215 Total $ 918 85 Fair Value Measurements of Financial Assets and Liabilities The following tables set forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, our financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 .  As required by the accounting guidance for “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the valuation of fair value assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.  There have not been any significant changes in our valuation techniques. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis June 30, 2015       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in millions)                       Cash and Cash Equivalents (a)   $ 17   $ 6   $ —   $ 172   $ 195                       Other Temporary Investments                     Restricted Cash (a)   205   7   —   37   249 Fixed Income Securities - Mutual Funds   81   —   —   —   81 Equity Securities  –  Mutual Funds (b)   26   —   —   —   26 Total   Other Temporary Investments   312   7   —   37   356                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (c) (d)   23   524   269   (293 )   523 Cash Flow Hedges:                     Commodity Hedges (c)   —   24   1   (15 )   10 Fair Value Hedges   —   —   —   2   2 Total Risk Management Assets   23   548   270   (306 )   535                       Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts                     Cash and Cash Equivalents (e)   42   —   —   11   53 Fixed Income Securities:                     United States Government   —   786   —   —   786 Corporate Debt   —   62   —   —   62 State and Local Government   —   70   —   —   70 Subtotal Fixed Income Securities   —   918   —   —   918 Equity Securities  –  Domestic (b)   1,135   —   —   —   1,135 Total   Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts   1,177   918   —   11   2,106                       Total Assets   $ 1,529   $ 1,479   $ 270   $ (86 )   $ 3,192                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (c) (d)   $ 38   $ 444   $ 62   $ (317 )   $ 227 Cash Flow Hedges:                     Commodity Hedges (c)   —   29   5   (15 )   19 Interest Rate/Foreign Currency Hedges   —   1   —   —   1 Fair Value Hedges   —   3   —   2   5 Total Risk Management Liabilities   $ 38   $ 477   $ 67   $ (330 )   $ 252 86 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis December 31, 2014       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in millions)                       Cash and Cash Equivalents (a)   $ 17   $ 1   $ —   $ 145   $ 163                       Other Temporary Investments                     Restricted Cash (a)   234   9   —   37   280 Fixed Income Securities - Mutual Funds   81   —   —   —   81 Equity Securities  –  Mutual Funds (b)   25   —   —   —   25 Total   Other Temporary Investments   340   9   —   37   386                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (c) (f)   37   528   190   (302 )   453 Cash Flow Hedges:                     Commodity Hedges (c)   —   32   —   (16 )   16 Fair Value Hedges   —   1   —   2   3 Total Risk Management Assets   37   561   190   (316 )   472                       Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts                     Cash and Cash Equivalents (e)   9   —   —   11   20 Fixed Income Securities:                     United States Government   —   697   —   —   697 Corporate Debt   —   48   —   —   48 State and Local Government   —   208   —   —   208 Subtotal Fixed Income Securities   —   953   —   —   953 Equity Securities  –  Domestic (b)   1,123   —   —   —   1,123 Total   Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts   1,132   953   —   11   2,096                       Total Assets   $ 1,526   $ 1,524   $ 190   $ (123 )   $ 3,117                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (c) (f)   $ 65   $ 432   $ 36   $ (334 )   $ 199 Cash Flow Hedges:                     Commodity Hedges (c)   —   27   3   (16 )   14 Interest Rate/Foreign Currency Hedges   —   1   —   —   1 Fair Value Hedges   —   7   —   2   9 Total Risk Management Liabilities   $ 65   $ 467   $ 39   $ (348 )   $ 223 (a) Amounts in ''Other'' column primarily represent cash deposits in bank accounts with financial institutions or with third parties.  Level 1 and Level 2 amounts primarily represent investments in money market funds. (b) Amounts represent publicly traded equity securities and equity-based mutual funds. (c) Amounts in ''Other'' column primarily represent counterparty netting of risk management and hedging contracts and associated cash collateral under the accounting guidance for ''Derivatives and Hedging.'' (d) The  June 30, 2015  maturity of the net fair value of risk management contracts prior to cash collateral, assets/(liabilities), is as follows:  Level 1 matures  ($5) million  in 2015 and  ($10) million  in periods 2016-2018;  Level 2 matures  $16 million  in  2015 ,  $53 million  in periods 2016-2018,  $8 million  in periods 2019-2020 and  $3 million  in periods 2021-2032;  Level 3 matures  $33 million  in  2015 ,  $59 million  in periods 2016-2018,  $22 million  in periods 2019-2020 and  $93 million  in periods 2021-2032.  Risk management commodity contracts are substantially comprised of power contracts. (e) Amounts in ''Other'' column primarily represent accrued interest receivables from financial institutions.  Level 1 amounts primarily represent investments in money market funds. (f) The  December 31, 2014  maturity of the net fair value of risk management contracts prior to cash collateral, assets/(liabilities), is as follows:  Level 1 matures  $(18) million  in  2015  and  ($10) million  in periods 2016-2018;  Level 2 matures  $31 million  in  2015 ,  $52 million  in periods 2016-2018,  $12 million  in periods 2019-2020 and  $1 million  in periods 2021-2030;  Level 3 matures  $50 million  in  2015 ,  $29 million  in periods 2016-2018,  $9 million  in periods 2019-2020 and  $66 million  in periods 2021-2030.  Risk management commodity contracts are substantially comprised of power contracts. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 . 87 The following tables set forth a reconciliation of changes in the fair value of net trading derivatives and other investments classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy: Three Months Ended June 30, 2015   Net Risk Management  Assets (Liabilities)     (in millions) Balance as of March 31, 2015   $ 131 Realized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) (a) (b)   2 Unrealized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) Relating to Assets Still Held at the Reporting Date (a)   12 Purchases, Issuances and Settlements (c)   (16 ) Transfers into Level 3 (d) (e)   42 Transfers out of Level 3 (e) (f)   (2 ) Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (g)   34 Balance as of June 30, 2015   $ 203 Three Months Ended June 30, 2014   Net Risk Management  Assets (Liabilities)     (in millions) Balance as of March 31, 2014   $ 105 Realized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) (a) (b)   (14 ) Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Other Comprehensive Income   6 Purchases, Issuances and Settlements (c)   (2 ) Transfers into Level 3 (d) (e)   5 Transfers out of Level 3 (e) (f)   (6 ) Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (g)   38 Balance as of June 30, 2014   $ 132 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   Net Risk Management  Assets (Liabilities)     (in millions) Balance as of December 31, 2014   $ 151 Realized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) (a) (b)   12 Unrealized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) Relating to Assets Still Held at the Reporting Date (a)   51 Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Other Comprehensive Income   (2 ) Purchases, Issuances and Settlements (c)   (54 ) Transfers into Level 3 (d) (e)   21 Transfers out of Level 3 (e) (f)   (14 ) Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (g)   38 Balance as of June 30, 2015   $ 203 88 Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   Net Risk Management  Assets (Liabilities)     (in millions) Balance as of December 31, 2013   $ 117 Realized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) (a) (b)   82 Unrealized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) Relating to Assets Still Held at the Reporting Date (a)   (9 ) Realized and Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Other Comprehensive Income   14 Purchases, Issuances and Settlements (c)   (102 ) Transfers into Level 3 (d) (e)   1 Transfers out of Level 3 (e) (f)   (7 ) Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (g)   36 Balance as of June 30, 2014   $ 132 (a) Included in revenues on the condensed statements of income. (b) Represents the change in fair value between the beginning of the reporting period and the settlement of the risk management commodity contract. (c) Represents the settlement of risk management commodity contracts for the reporting period. (d) Represents existing assets or liabilities that were previously categorized as Level 2. (e) Transfers are recognized based on their value at the beginning of the reporting period that the transfer occurred. (f) Represents existing assets or liabilities that were previously categorized as Level 3. (g) Relates to the net gains (losses) of those contracts that are not reflected on the condensed statements of income.  These net gains (losses) are recorded as regulatory liabilities/assets. 89 The following tables quantify the significant unobservable inputs used in developing the fair value of our Level 3 positions as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 : Significant Unobservable Inputs June 30, 2015             Significant   Input/Range   Fair Value Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities Technique   Input   Low   High   Average   (in millions)                     Energy Contracts $ 232   $ 65   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price (a)    $ 13.50   $ 163.52   $ 37.79               Counterparty Credit Risk (b)    328 FTRs 38   2   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price (a)    (8.00 )   9.87   1.37 Total $ 270   $ 67                     Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2014             Significant   Input/Range   Fair Value Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities Technique   Input   Low   High   Average   (in millions)                     Energy Contracts $ 157   $ 37   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price (a)    $ 11.37   $ 159.92   $ 57.18               Counterparty Credit Risk (b)    303 FTRs 33   2   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price (a)    (14.63 )   20.02   0.96 Total $ 190   $ 39                     (a) Represents market prices in dollars per MWh. (b) Represents average price of credit default swaps used to calculate counterparty credit risk, reported in basis points. The following table provides sensitivity of fair value measurements to increases (decreases) in significant unobservable inputs related to Energy Contracts and FTRs as of  June 30, 2015 : Sensitivity of Fair Value Measurements June 30, 2015 Significant Unobservable Input   Position   Change in Input   Impact on Fair Value Measurement Forward Market Price   Buy   Increase (Decrease)   Higher (Lower) Forward Market Price   Sell   Increase (Decrease)   Lower (Higher) Counterparty Credit Risk   Loss   Increase (Decrease)   Higher (Lower) Counterparty Credit Risk   Gain   Increase (Decrease)   Lower (Higher) 90 10 .   INCOME TAXES AEP System Tax Allocation Agreement We, along with our subsidiaries, file a consolidated federal income tax return.  The allocation of the AEP System’s current consolidated federal income tax to the AEP System companies allocates the benefit of current tax losses to the AEP System companies giving rise to such losses in determining their current tax expense.  The tax benefit of the Parent is allocated to our subsidiaries with taxable income.  With the exception of the loss of the Parent, the method of allocation reflects a separate return result for each company in the consolidated group. Federal and State Income Tax Audit Status We are no longer subject to U.S. federal examination for years before 2011.  The IRS examination of years 2011, 2012 and 2013 started in April 2014.  Although the outcome of tax audits is uncertain, in our opinion, adequate provisions for federal income taxes have been made for potential liabilities resulting from such matters.  In addition, we accrue interest on these uncertain tax positions.  We are not aware of any issues for open tax years that upon final resolution are expected to materially impact net income. We, along with our subsidiaries, file income tax returns in various state, local and foreign jurisdictions.  These taxing authorities routinely examine our tax returns.  We are currently under examination in several state and local jurisdictions.  However, it is possible that we have filed tax returns with positions that may be challenged by these tax authorities.  We believe that adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities resulting from such challenges and that the ultimate resolution of these audits will not materially impact net income.  We are no longer subject to state, local or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2009. State Tax Legislation House Bill 32 was passed by the state of Texas in June 2015 permanently reducing the Texas income/franchise tax rate from  0.95%  to  0.75%  effective January 1, 2016, applicable to reports originally due on or after the effective date.  The Texas income/franchise tax rate had been scheduled to return to  1%  in 2016.  The enacted provision did not materially impact net income, cash flows or financial condition.   91 11 .   FINANCING ACTIVITIES Long-term Debt The following table details long-term debt outstanding as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 : Type of Debt   June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014     (in millions) Senior Unsecured Notes   $ 13,628   $ 12,647 Pollution Control Bonds   1,963   1,963 Notes Payable   409   357 Securitization Bonds   2,200   2,380 Spent Nuclear Fuel Obligation (a)   266   266 Other Long-term Debt   1,144   1,101 Fair Value of Interest Rate Hedges   (3 )   (6 ) Unamortized Discount, Net   (29 )   (24 ) Total Long-term Debt Outstanding   19,578   18,684 Long-term Debt Due Within One Year   1,817   2,503 Long-term Debt   $ 17,761   $ 16,181 (a) Pursuant to the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, I&M, a nuclear licensee, has an obligation to the United States Department of Energy for spent nuclear fuel disposal.  The obligation includes a one-time fee for nuclear fuel consumed prior to April 7, 1983.  Trust fund assets related to this obligation were  $309 million  and  $309 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively, and are included in Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts on our condensed balance sheets. Long-term debt and other securities issued, retired and principal payments made during the first  six  months of  2015  are shown in the tables below: Company   Type of Debt   Principal  Amount   Interest  Rate   Due Date Issuances:       (in millions)   (%)     APCo   Pollution Control Bonds   $ 86   1.90   2019 APCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   350   4.45   2045 APCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   300   3.40   2025 I&M   Notes Payable   111   Variable   2019 I&M   Other Long-term Debt   100   Variable   2018 PSO   Senior Unsecured Notes   125   3.17   2025 PSO   Senior Unsecured Notes   125   4.09   2045 SWEPCo   Pollution Control Bonds   54   1.60   2019 SWEPCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   400   3.90   2045                   Non-Registrant:                 AEPTCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   60   4.01   2030 AEPTCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   50   3.66   2025 AEPTCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   40   3.76   2025 AGR   Other Long-term Debt   500   Variable   2017 KPCo   Other Long-term Debt   25   Variable   2018 Transource Missouri   Other Long-term Debt   13   Variable   2018 WPCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   113   3.36   2022 WPCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   122   3.70   2025 WPCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   50   4.20   2035 Total Issuances       $ 2,624 (a)       (a) Amount indicated on the statement of cash flows is net of issuance costs and premium or discount and will not tie to the issuance amount. 92 Company   Type of Debt   Principal   Amount Paid   Interest  Rate   Due Date Total Retirements and Principal Payments:       (in millions)   (%)     APCo   Securitization Bonds   $ 11   2.008   2024 APCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   350   7.95   2020 APCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   300   3.40   2015 I&M   Other Long-term Debt   94   Variable   2015 I&M   Notes Payable   18   Variable   2016 I&M   Notes Payable   14   Variable   2017 I&M   Notes Payable   16   Variable   2019 I&M   Notes Payable   6   Variable   2019 I&M   Notes Payable   1   Variable   2016 I&M   Notes Payable   1   2.12   2016 OPCo   Pollution Control Bonds   86   3.125   2015 OPCo   Securitization Bonds   22   0.958   2018 SWEPCo   Notes Payable   2   4.58   2032 SWEPCo   Pollution Control Bonds   54   3.25   2015 SWEPCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   100   5.375   2015                   Non-Registrant:                 AEGCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   4   6.33   2037 AEP Subsidiaries   Notes Payable   1   Variable   2017 AGR   Other Long-term Debt   500   Variable   2015 TCC   Securitization Bonds   78   5.09   2015 TCC   Securitization Bonds   42   6.25   2016 TCC   Securitization Bonds   27   0.88   2017 Total Retirements and Principal Payments       $ 1,727         In July 2015, OPCo retired  $23 million  of Securitization Bonds. In July 2015, SWEPCo retired  $150 million  of  4.9%  Senior Unsecured Notes due in  2015 . In July 2015, TCC retired  $94 million  of Securitization Bonds. As of  June 30, 2015 , trustees held on our behalf,  $385 million  of our reacquired Pollution Control Bonds. Dividend Restrictions Parent Restrictions The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive the dividends declared by our Board of Directors provided funds are legally available for such dividends.  Our income primarily derives from our common stock equity in the earnings of our utility subsidiaries. Pursuant to the leverage restrictions in our credit agreements, we must maintain a percentage of debt to total capitalization at a level that does not exceed  67.5% .  The payment of cash dividends indirectly results in an increase in the percentage of debt to total capitalization of the company distributing the dividend.  The method for calculating outstanding debt and capitalization is contractually defined in the credit agreements.  None of AEP’s retained earnings were restricted for the purpose of the payment of dividends. 93 Utility Subsidiaries’ Restrictions Various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements may impose certain restrictions on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to transfer funds to us in the form of dividends.  Specifically, several of our public utility subsidiaries have credit agreements that contain a covenant that limits their debt to capitalization ratio to  67.5% . The Federal Power Act prohibits the utility subsidiaries from participating “in the making or paying of any dividends of such public utility from any funds properly included in capital account.”  The term “capital account” is not defined in the Federal Power Act or its regulations.  Management understands “capital account” to mean the book value of the common stock.  This restriction does not limit the ability of the utility subsidiaries to pay dividends out of retained earnings. Short-term Debt Our outstanding short-term debt was as follows:     June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014 Type of Debt   Outstanding  Amount   Interest  Rate (a)   Outstanding  Amount   Interest  Rate (a)     (in millions)       (in millions)     Securitized Debt for Receivables (b)   $ 708   0.27 %   $ 744   0.22 % Commercial Paper   397   0.47 %   602   0.59 % Total Short-term Debt   $ 1,105       $ 1,346     (a) Weighted average rate. (b) Amount of securitized debt for receivables as accounted for under the ''Transfers and Servicing'' accounting guidance. Credit Facilities For an additional discussion of credit facilities, see “Letters of Credit” section of Note  5 . Securitized Accounts Receivable – AEP Credit AEP Credit has a receivables securitization agreement with bank conduits.  Under the securitization agreement, AEP Credit receives financing from the bank conduits for the interest in the receivables AEP Credit acquires from affiliated utility subsidiaries.  AEP Credit continues to service the receivables.  These securitized transactions allow AEP Credit to repay its outstanding debt obligations, continue to purchase our operating companies’ receivables and accelerate AEP Credit’s cash collections. Our receivables securitization agreement provides a commitment of  $750 million  from bank conduits to purchase receivables.  The agreement was increased in June 2014 from  $700 million  and expires in June 2017. Accounts receivable information for AEP Credit is as follows:   Three Months Ended   June 30,   Six Months Ended   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (dollars in millions)                 Effective Interest Rates on Securitization of Accounts Receivable 0.27 %   0.22 %   0.27 %   0.23 % Net Uncollectible Accounts Receivable Written Off $ 6   $ 7   $ 13   $ 14 94   June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014   (in millions) Accounts Receivable Retained Interest and Pledged as Collateral  Less Uncollectible Accounts $ 977   $ 975 Total Principal Outstanding 708   744 Delinquent Securitized Accounts Receivable 50   44 Bad Debt Reserves Related to Securitization/Sale of Accounts Receivable 19   13 Unbilled Receivables Related to Securitization/Sale of Accounts Receivable 363   335 Customer accounts receivable retained and securitized for our operating companies are managed by AEP Credit.  AEP Credit’s delinquent customer accounts receivable represents accounts greater than  30  days past due. 95 12 .   VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES The accounting guidance for “Variable Interest Entities” is a consolidation model that considers if a company has a controlling financial interest in a VIE.  A controlling financial interest will have both (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.  Entities are required to consolidate a VIE when it is determined that they have a controlling financial interest in a VIE and therefore, are the primary beneficiary of that VIE, as defined by the accounting guidance for “Variable Interest Entities.”  In determining whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, we consider factors such as equity at risk, the amount of the VIE’s variability we absorb, guarantees of indebtedness, voting rights including kick-out rights, the power to direct the VIE, variable interests held by related parties and other factors.  We believe that significant assumptions and judgments were applied consistently. We are the primary beneficiary of Sabine, DCC Fuel, AEP Credit, Transition Funding, Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding, Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding, a protected cell of EIS and Transource Energy.  In addition, we have not provided material financial or other support to any of these entities that was not previously contractually required.  We hold a significant variable interest in DHLC and Potomac-Appalachian Transmission Highline, LLC West Virginia Series (West Virginia Series). Sabine is a mining operator providing mining services to SWEPCo.  SWEPCo has no equity investment in Sabine but is Sabine’s only customer.  SWEPCo guarantees the debt obligations and lease obligations of Sabine.  Under the terms of the note agreements, substantially all assets are pledged and all rights under the lignite mining agreement are assigned to SWEPCo.  The creditors of Sabine have no recourse to any AEP entity other than SWEPCo.  Under the provisions of the mining agreement, SWEPCo is required to pay, as a part of the cost of lignite delivered, an amount equal to mining costs plus a management fee.  In addition, SWEPCo determines how much coal will be mined each year.  Based on these facts, management concluded that SWEPCo is the primary beneficiary and is required to consolidate Sabine.  SWEPCo’s total billings from Sabine for the three months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $41 million  and  $41 million , respectively, and for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $83 million  and  $80 million , respectively.  See the tables below for the classification of Sabine’s assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. I&M has nuclear fuel lease agreements with DCC Fuel, which was formed for the purpose of acquiring, owning and leasing nuclear fuel to I&M.  DCC Fuel purchased the nuclear fuel from I&M with funds received from the issuance of notes to financial institutions.  Each DCC Fuel entity is a single-lessee leasing arrangement with only one asset and is capitalized with all debt.  Each is a separate legal entity from I&M, the assets of which are not available to satisfy the debts of I&M.  Payments on the leases for the three months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $34 million  and  $32 million , respectively, and for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $57 million  and  $56 million , respectively.  The leases were recorded as capital leases on I&M’s balance sheet as title to the nuclear fuel transfers to I&M at the end of the respective lease terms, which do not exceed 54 months.  Based on our control of DCC Fuel, management concluded that I&M is the primary beneficiary and is required to consolidate DCC Fuel.  The capital leases are eliminated upon consolidation.  See the tables below for the classification of DCC Fuel’s assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. AEP Credit is a wholly-owned subsidiary of AEP.  AEP Credit purchases, without recourse, accounts receivable from certain utility subsidiaries of AEP to reduce working capital requirements.  AEP provides a minimum of  5%  equity and up to  20%  of AEP Credit’s short-term borrowing needs in excess of third party financings.  Any third party financing of AEP Credit only has recourse to the receivables securitized for such financing.  Based on our control of AEP Credit, management concluded that we are the primary beneficiary and are required to consolidate AEP Credit.  See the tables below for the classification of AEP Credit’s assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets.  See “Securitized Accounts Receivable – AEP Credit” section of Note  11 . 96 Transition Funding was formed for the sole purpose of issuing and servicing securitization bonds related to Texas Restructuring Legislation.  Management has concluded that TCC is the primary beneficiary of Transition Funding because TCC has the power to direct the most significant activities of the VIE and TCC’s equity interest could potentially be significant.  Therefore, TCC is required to consolidate Transition Funding.  The securitized bonds totaled  $1.6 billion  and  $1.8 billion  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  Transition Funding has securitized transition assets of  $1.5 billion  and  $1.6 billion  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  The securitized transition assets represent the right to impose and collect Texas true-up costs from customers receiving electric transmission or distribution service from TCC under recovery mechanisms approved by the PUCT.  The securitization bonds are payable only from and secured by the securitized transition assets.  The bondholders have no recourse to TCC or any other AEP entity.  TCC acts as the servicer for Transition Funding’s securitized transition assets and remits all related amounts collected from customers to Transition Funding for interest and principal payments on the securitization bonds and related costs.  See the tables below for the classification of Transition Funding’s assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding was formed for the sole purpose of issuing and servicing securitization bonds related to phase-in recovery property.  Management has concluded that OPCo is the primary beneficiary of Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding because OPCo has the power to direct the most significant activities of the VIE and OPCo's equity interest could potentially be significant.  Therefore, OPCo is required to consolidate Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding.  The securitized bonds totaled  $210 million  and  $232 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding has securitized assets of  $98 million  and  $110 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  The phase-in recovery property represents the right to impose and collect Ohio deferred distribution charges from customers receiving electric transmission and distribution service from OPCo under a recovery mechanism approved by the PUCO.  In August 2013, securitization bonds were issued.  The securitization bonds are payable only from and secured by the securitized assets.  The bondholders have no recourse to OPCo or any other AEP entity.  OPCo acts as the servicer for Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding's securitized assets and remits all related amounts collected from customers to Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding for interest and principal payments on the securitization bonds and related costs.  See the table below for the classification of Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding's assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding was formed for the sole purpose of issuing and servicing securitization bonds related to APCo's under-recovered ENEC deferral balance.  Management has concluded that APCo is the primary beneficiary of Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding because APCo has the power to direct the most significant activities of the VIE and APCo's equity interest could potentially be significant.  Therefore, APCo is required to consolidate Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding.  The securitized bonds totaled  $357 million  and  $368 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding has securitized assets of  $339 million  and  $350 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  The phase-in recovery property represents the right to impose and collect West Virginia deferred generation charges from customers receiving electric transmission, distribution and generation service from APCo under a recovery mechanism approved by the WVPSC.  In November 2013, securitization bonds were issued.  The securitization bonds are payable only from and secured by the securitized assets.  The bondholders have no recourse to APCo or any other AEP entity.  APCo acts as the servicer for Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding's securitized assets and remits all related amounts collected from customers to Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding for interest and principal payments on the securitization bonds and related costs.  See the tables below for the classification of Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding's assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. The securitized bonds of Transition Funding, Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding and Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding are included in current and long-term debt on the condensed balance sheets.  The securitized assets of Transition Funding, Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding and Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding are included in securitized assets on the condensed balance sheets. 97 Our subsidiaries participate in one protected cell of EIS for approximately ten lines of insurance.  EIS has multiple protected cells.  Neither AEP nor its subsidiaries have an equity investment in EIS.  The AEP System is essentially this EIS cell’s only participant, but allows certain third parties access to this insurance.  Our subsidiaries and any allowed third parties share in the insurance coverage, premiums and risk of loss from claims.  Based on our control and the structure of the protected cell of EIS, management concluded that we are the primary beneficiary of the protected cell and are required to consolidate the protected cell of EIS.  Our insurance premium expense to the protected cell for the three months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  was  $0.2 million  and  $1.4 million , respectively, and for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  was  $14 million  and  $18 million , respectively.  See the tables below for the classification of the protected cell’s assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets.  The amount reported as equity is the protected cell’s policy holders’ surplus. Transource Energy was formed for the purpose of investing in utilities which develop, acquire, construct, own and operate transmission facilities in accordance with FERC-approved rates.  AEP has equity and voting ownership of  86.5%  with the other owner having  13.5%  interest.  Management has concluded that Transource Energy is a VIE and that AEP is the primary beneficiary because AEP has the power to direct the most significant activities of the entity.  Therefore, AEP is required to consolidate Transource Energy.  AEP’s equity interest could potentially be significant.  In January 2014, Transource Missouri (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Transource Energy) acquired transmission assets from the non-controlling owner and issued debt and received a capital contribution to fund the acquisition.  The majority of Transource Energy’s activity resulted from the asset acquisition, construction projects, debt issuance and capital contribution.  AEP provided capital contributions to Transource Energy of  $17 million  and  $23 million  during the six months ended  June 30, 2015  and the year ended  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  AEP and the other owner of Transource Energy are required to ensure a specific equity level in Transource Missouri upon completion of projects or if a project is abandoned by the RTO.  See the tables below for the classification of Transource Energy’s assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. The balances below represent the assets and liabilities of the VIEs that are consolidated.  These balances include intercompany transactions that are eliminated upon consolidation. AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES June 30, 2015   (in millions)     SWEPCo  Sabine   I&M  DCC Fuel   AEP Credit   TCC  Transition  Funding   OPCo  Ohio  Phase-in-  Recovery  Funding     APCo Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding   Protected  Cell  of EIS   Transource Energy ASSETS                                   Current Assets   $ 58   $ 114   $ 986   $ 220   $ 33     $ 19   $ 155   $ 10 Net Property, Plant and Equipment   142   220   —   —   —     —   —   137 Other Noncurrent Assets   60   118   —   1,533 (a)  186 (b)    347 (c) 1   5 Total Assets   $ 260   $ 452   $ 986   $ 1,753   $ 219     $ 366   $ 156   $ 152                                     LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                   Current Liabilities   $ 28   $ 109   $ 886   $ 326   $ 47     $ 27   $ 43   $ 28 Noncurrent Liabilities   232   343   —   1,409   171     337   67   70 Equity   —   —   100   18   1     2   46   54 Total Liabilities and Equity   $ 260   $ 452   $ 986   $ 1,753   $ 219     $ 366   $ 156   $ 152 (a) Includes an intercompany item eliminated in consolidation of  $72 million . (b) Includes an intercompany item eliminated in consolidation of  $87 million . (c) Includes an intercompany item eliminated in consolidation of  $4 million . 98 AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES December 31, 2014   (in millions)     SWEPCo  Sabine   I&M  DCC Fuel   AEP Credit   TCC  Transition  Funding   OPCo  Ohio  Phase-in-  Recovery  Funding     APCo Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding   Protected  Cell  of EIS   Transource Energy ASSETS                                   Current Assets   $ 68   $ 97   $ 980   $ 239   $ 33     $ 18   $ 149   $ 2 Net Property, Plant and Equipment   145   158   —   —   —     —   —   98 Other Noncurrent Assets   52   80   —   1,654 (a)  210 (b)    358 (c) 2   4 Total Assets   $ 265   $ 335   $ 980   $ 1,893   $ 243     $ 376   $ 151   $ 104                                     LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                   Current Liabilities   $ 36   $ 86   $ 894   $ 322   $ 47     $ 27   $ 44   $ 21 Noncurrent Liabilities   228   249   —   1,553   195     347   62   55 Equity   1   —   86   18   1     2   45   28 Total Liabilities and Equity   $ 265   $ 335   $ 980   $ 1,893   $ 243     $ 376   $ 151   $ 104 (a) Includes an intercompany item eliminated in consolidation of  $75 million . (b) Includes an intercompany item eliminated in consolidation of  $97 million . (c) Includes an intercompany item eliminated in consolidation of  $4 million . DHLC is a mining operator that sells  50%  of the lignite produced to SWEPCo and  50%  to CLECO.  SWEPCo and CLECO share the executive board seats and voting rights equally.  Each entity guarantees  50%  of DHLC’s debt.  SWEPCo and CLECO equally approve DHLC’s annual budget.  The creditors of DHLC have no recourse to any AEP entity other than SWEPCo.  As SWEPCo is the sole equity owner of DHLC, it receives  100%  of the management fee.  SWEPCo’s total billings from DHLC for the three months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $15 million  and  $6 million , respectively, and for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $29 million  and  $8 million , respectively.  We are not required to consolidate DHLC as we are not the primary beneficiary, although we hold a significant variable interest in DHLC.  Our equity investment in DHLC is included in Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets on the condensed balance sheets. Our investment in DHLC was:   June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum  Exposure   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum Exposure   (in millions) Capital Contribution from SWEPCo $ 8   $ 8   $ 8   $ 8 Retained Earnings 6   6   4   4 Advance Due to Parent 56   56   56   56 Guarantee of Debt —   50   —   48                 Total Investment in DHLC $ 70   $ 120   $ 68   $ 116 We and FirstEnergy Corp. (FirstEnergy) have a joint venture in Potomac-Appalachian Transmission Highline, LLC (PATH).  PATH is a series limited liability company and was created to construct, through its operating companies, a high-voltage transmission line project in the PJM region.  PATH consists of the “West Virginia Series (PATH-WV),” owned equally by subsidiaries of FirstEnergy and AEP, and the “Allegheny Series” which is  100%  owned and controlled by a subsidiary of FirstEnergy.  Provisions exist within the PATH-WV agreement that make it a VIE.  We are not required to consolidate PATH-WV as we are not the primary beneficiary, although we hold a significant variable interest in PATH-WV.  Our equity investment in PATH-WV is included in Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets on our condensed balance sheets.  We and FirstEnergy share the returns and losses equally in PATH-WV.  Our subsidiaries and FirstEnergy’s subsidiaries provide services to the PATH companies through service agreements.  The entities recover costs through regulated rates. 99 In August 2012, the PJM board cancelled the PATH Project, the transmission project that PATH was intended to develop, and removed it from the 2012 Regional Transmission Expansion Plan.  In September 2012, the PATH Project companies submitted an application to the FERC requesting authority to recover prudently-incurred costs associated with the PATH Project.  In November 2012, the FERC issued an order accepting the PATH Project's abandonment cost recovery application, subject to settlement procedures and hearing.  The parties to the case have been unable to reach a settlement agreement and in March 2014, settlement judge procedures were terminated.  Hearings at FERC were held in March and April 2015. Our investment in PATH-WV was:   June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum  Exposure   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum Exposure   (in millions) Capital Contribution from AEP $ 19   $ 19   $ 19   $ 19 Retained Earnings 2   2   2   2                 Total Investment in PATH-WV $ 21   $ 21   $ 21   $ 21 As of  June 30, 2015 , our  $21 million  investment in PATH-WV is included in Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets on the condensed balance sheet.  If we cannot ultimately recover our investment related to PATH-WV, it could reduce future net income and cash flows. 100 13 .    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) We record ARO in accordance with the accounting guidance for “Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations” for our legal obligations for asbestos removal and for the retirement of certain ash disposal facilities, closure and monitoring of underground carbon storage facilities at Mountaineer Plant, wind farms and certain coal mining facilities, as well as for nuclear decommissioning of our Cook Plant.  We have identified, but not recognized, ARO liabilities related to electric transmission and distribution assets as a result of certain easements on property on which we have assets.  Generally, such easements are perpetual and require only the retirement and removal of our assets upon the cessation of the property’s use.  We do not estimate the retirement for such easements because we plan to use our facilities indefinitely.  The retirement obligation would only be recognized if and when we abandon or cease the use of specific easements, which is not expected. We recorded an increase in our asset retirement obligations in the  second quarter of 2015 , primarily related to the final Coal Combustion Residual Rule, which was published in the Federal Register in April 2015.  The Federal EPA now regulates the disposal and beneficial re-use of coal combustion residuals (CCR), including fly ash and bottom ash generated at coal-fired electric generating units and also FGD gypsum generated at some coal-fired plants.   The Federal EPA regulates CCR as a non-hazardous solid waste and established minimum federal solid waste management standards.  Noncash increases related to the CCR Rule are recorded as Property, Plant and Equipment.  The following is a reconciliation of the aggregate carrying amount of ARO:   Carrying Amount of ARO   (in millions) ARO as of December 31, 2014 $ 2,019 Accretion Expense 50 Liabilities Incurred 47 Liabilities Settled (22 ) Revisions in Cash Flow Estimates 48 ARO as of June 30, 2015 $ 2,142 As of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , our ARO liability included  $1.3 billion  and  $1.3 billion , respectively, for nuclear decommissioning of the Cook Plant.  As of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , the fair value of assets that are legally restricted for purposes of settling the nuclear decommissioning liabilities totaled  $1.8 billion  and  $1.8 billion , respectively, and are recorded in Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts on the condensed balance sheets. 101 14 .   DISPOSITION PLANT SEVERANCE AEP retired several generation plants or units of plants during 2015.  These plant closures resulted in involuntary severances.  The severance program provides two weeks of base pay for every year of service along with other severance benefits. The disposition plant severance activity for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015  is described in the following table:     Disposition Plant Severance Activity     (in millions) Balance as of December 31, 2014   $ 29 Incurred   3 Settled   (11 ) Adjustments   — Balance as of June 30, 2015   $ 21 We recorded a charge of  $29 million  to Other Operation expense in 2014 primarily related to employees at the disposition plants.  These expenses, net of adjustments, relate primarily to severance benefits and are included primarily in Other Operation expense on the condensed statements of income.  Of the cumulative expense, approximately  32%  was within the Generation & Marketing segment and  68%  was within the Vertically Integrated Utilities segment.  The remaining liability is included in Other Current Liabilities on the condensed balance sheets.  We incurred additional charges during the second quarter of 2015 as severance plans were finalized after the plants were retired.  We do not expect additional severance costs to be incurred related to this initiative. 102 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 103 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S NARRATIVE DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW Regulatory Activity 2014 West Virginia Base Rate Case  In June 2014, APCo filed a request with the WVPSC to increase annual base rates by $156 million to be effective in the second quarter of 2015.  The filing included a request to increase generation depreciation rates primarily due to the increase in plant investment and changes in the expected service lives of various generating units.  The filing also requested recovery of $77 million in regulatory assets over five years related to 2012 West Virginia storm costs, IGCC and other deferred costs.  The filing also included a request to implement a rider of approximately $38 million annually to recover vegetation management costs, including a return on capital investment. In May 2015, the WVPSC issued an order on the base rate case.  Upon implementation of the order in May 2015, and consistent with the WVPSC authorized total revenue, annual base rates were authorized to be increased by $85 million.  The order included a delayed billing of $22 million of the annual base rate increase to residential customers until July 2016.  The order provided for carrying charges based upon a weighted average cost of capital rate for the $22 million annual delayed billing through June 2016, and stated recovery would be addressed in the next ENEC case scheduled for 2016.  Additionally, the order included approval of (a) an initial vegetation management rider of $38 million annually, (b) revised deprecation rates, including recovery of plants to be retired and (c) the recovery of $77 million in previously recorded regulatory assets, which will predominantly be recovered over five years.  See the “2014 West Virginia Base Rate Case” section of APCo Rate Matters in Note  4 . 2015 Virginia Regulatory Asset Proceeding In January 2015, the Virginia SCC initiated a separate proceeding to address the proper treatment of APCo’s authorized regulatory assets.  As of  June 30, 2015 , APCo’s authorized regulatory assets under review in this proceeding are estimated to be $12 million.  In February and March 2015, briefs related to this proceeding were filed by various parties.  If any of these costs, or any additional costs that may be subject to review, are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  New Virginia Legislation Affecting Biennial Reviews In February 2015, amendments to Virginia law governing the regulation of investor-owned electric utilities were enacted.  Under the amended Virginia law, APCo’s existing generation and distribution base rates are frozen until after the Virginia SCC rules on APCo’s next biennial review, which APCo will file in March 2020 for the 2018 and 2019 test years.  These amendments also preclude the Virginia SCC from performing biennial reviews of APCo’s earnings for the years 2014 through 2017.  APCo's financial statements adequately address the impact of these amendments.  The new law provides that APCo will absorb its Virginia jurisdictional share of incremental generation and distribution costs incurred during 2014 through 2017 that are associated with severe weather events and/or natural disasters and costs associated with potential impairments related to new carbon emission guidelines issued by the Federal EPA. West Virginia Inquiry into Plant Closures Subsequent to APCo’s retirement of the Kanawha River Plant in May 2015, the WVPSC issued an order in July 2015 that requested APCo to maintain, for at least four years, any infrastructure installed at the Kanawha River Plant that would be used if the plant were to be converted to burn natural gas.  The WVPSC stated that it would not be reasonable and prudent to completely demolish facilities that might be available in the future for conversion to natural gas before further consideration is given to the future of APCo’s coal fired generation.  The order indicated that the WVPSC would consider prudently incurred operating fees related to Kanawha River Plant for recovery in a future case.   104 Litigation and Environmental Issues In the ordinary course of business, APCo is involved in employment, commercial, environmental and regulatory litigation.  Since it is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, management cannot predict the eventual resolution, timing or amount of any loss, fine or penalty.  Management assesses the probability of loss for each contingency and accrues a liability for cases which have a probable likelihood of loss if the loss can be estimated.  For details on regulatory proceedings and pending litigation, see Note 4 - Rate Matters and Note 6 - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies in the  2014  Annual Report.  Also, see Note  4  - Rate Matters and Note  5  - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies within the Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements beginning on page  171 .  Adverse results in these proceedings have the potential to reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. See the “Executive Overview” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” section beginning on page  249  for additional discussion of relevant factors. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS KWh Sales/Degree Days Summary of KWh Energy Sales   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions of KWhs) Retail:               Residential 2,238   2,266   6,440   6,628 Commercial 1,690   1,644   3,417   3,424 Industrial 2,567   2,573   5,027   5,065 Miscellaneous 212   209   428   431 Total Retail 6,707   6,692   15,312   15,548                 Wholesale 788   873   1,654   1,944                 Total KWhs 7,495   7,565   16,966   17,492 Heating degree days and cooling degree days are metrics commonly used in the utility industry as a measure of the impact of weather on revenues. Summary of Heating and Cooling Degree Days   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in degree days) Actual - Heating (a) 55   61   1,735   1,776 Normal - Heating (b) 91   92   1,412   1,403                 Actual - Cooling (c) 471   402   471   402 Normal - Cooling (b) 360   360   366   367 (a) Eastern Region heating degree days are calculated on a 55 degree temperature base. (b) Normal Heating/Cooling represents the thirty-year average of degree days. (c) Eastern Region cooling degree days are calculated on a 65 degree temperature base. 105 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Reconciliation of Second Quarter of 2014 to Second Quarter of 2015 Net Income (in millions)   Second Quarter of 2014   $ 36       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   25 Transmission Revenues   2 Total Change in Gross Margin   27       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   9 Depreciation and Amortization   (1 ) Other Income   3 Interest Expense   4 Total Change in Expenses and Other   15       Income Tax Expense   (19 )       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 59 The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $25 million primarily due to the following: • A $14 million increase primarily due to increases in rates in Virginia and West Virginia, offset by a decrease in formula rates.  Of these changes, a $2 million decrease relates to riders/trackers which have corresponding decreases in other expense items below. • A $5 million increase in weather-related usage primarily due to a 17% increase in cooling degree days. • A $2 million decrease in generation-related PJM expenses net of recovery or offsets. Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $9 million primarily due to the following: • A $5 million decrease in distribution maintenance expenses due to the storm expenses incurred in June 2014. • A $6 million decrease in plant maintenance expenses primarily at the Amos Plant due to a prior year outage.  • A $4 million decrease in uncollectible accounts expense due to the establishment of a regulatory asset for recovery as allowed in the May 2015 West Virginia base case order. • A $3 million decrease in employee-related expenses. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $9 million increase in transmission operations primarily driven by PJM transmission expenses. • Interest Expense  decreased $4 million primarily due to the following: • A $1 million decrease due to 2014 amortization of loss on reacquired long-term debt. • A $1 million decrease due to reduced interest rates on long-term debt. • A $1 million increase in the debt component of AFUDC due to an increase in transmission projects. • Income Tax Expense  increased $19 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income and the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. 106 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Reconciliation of Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Net Income (in millions)   Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 138       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   81 Off-system Sales   (2 ) Transmission Revenues   2 Total Change in Gross Margin   81       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   4 Depreciation and Amortization   4 Carrying Costs Income   2 Other Income   4 Interest Expense   6 Total Change in Expenses and Other   20       Income Tax Expense   (38 )       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 201 The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $81 million primarily due to the following: • A $61 million increase primarily due to increases in rates in West Virginia and Virginia, including an adjustment affected by the amended Virginia Law that has an impact on biennial reviews.  Of these increases, $9 million relate to riders/trackers which have corresponding increases in other expense items below. • An $11 million decrease in generation-related PJM expenses due to the polar vortex in 2014 net of recovery or offsets. • A $7 million decrease in expense due to the timing of fuel recovery in 2014. • A $4 million increase in weather-related usage primarily due to a 17% increase in cooling degree days. These increases were partially offset by: • A $20 million decrease in normalized retail margin, primarily due to lower residential usage.  Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $4 million primarily due to the following: • A $14 million decrease in plant maintenance expenses primarily at the Amos Plant due to a prior year outage. • An $8 million decrease in employee-related expenses. • A $5 million decrease in distribution maintenance expenses due to the storm expenses incurred in June 2014. • A $4 million decrease in uncollectible accounts expense due to the establishment of a regulatory asset for recovery as allowed in the May 2015 West Virginia base case order.  These decreases were partially offset by: • A $26 million increase in transmission operations primarily driven by PJM transmission expenses. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses decreased $4 million primarily due to the following: • A $6 million decrease due to prior year amortization of Virginia environmental deferrals, which ended in the first quarter of 2015.  • A $2 million decrease due to prior year amortization of West Virginia ENEC deferrals. 107 These decreases were partially offset by: • A $3 million increase due to a higher depreciable base. • Other Income  increased $4 million primarily due to the increase in the equity component of AFUDC from increased transmission projects. • Interest Expense  decreased $6 million primarily due the following: • A $2 million increase in the debt component of AFUDC from increased transmission projects. • A $2 million decrease due to a decrease in long-term debt. • Income Tax Expense  increased $38 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES, NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See the “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” in the  2014  Annual Report for a discussion of the estimates and judgments required for regulatory accounting, revenue recognition, derivative instruments, the valuation of long-lived assets and pension and other postretirement benefits. See the “Accounting Pronouncements” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” beginning on page  249  for a discussion of accounting pronouncements. 108 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 REVENUES                 Electric Generation, Transmission and Distribution   $ 645,452   $ 664,051   $ 1,499,631   $ 1,530,508 Sales to AEP Affiliates   33,836   28,070   76,351   72,984 Other Revenues   2,692   2,547   5,013   4,567 TOTAL REVENUES   681,980   694,668   1,580,995   1,608,059                   EXPENSES                 Fuel and Other Consumables Used for Electric Generation   183,485   202,903   406,732   433,640 Purchased Electricity for Resale   65,715   86,033   178,384   255,024 Purchased Electricity from AEP Affiliates   —   —   —   4,662 Other Operation   103,720   99,896   209,790   193,434 Maintenance   57,037   69,484   109,334   129,574 Depreciation and Amortization   96,297   95,650   196,440   200,236 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   30,040   30,025   61,087   60,802 TOTAL EXPENSES   536,294   583,991   1,161,767   1,277,372                   OPERATING INCOME   145,686   110,677   419,228   330,687                   Other Income (Expense):                 Interest Income   449   389   838   790 Carrying Costs Income (Expense)   417   263   710   (1,612 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   3,897   1,625   6,905   2,860 Interest Expense   (48,684 )   (53,130 )   (98,975 )   (104,802 )                   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE   101,765   59,824   328,706   227,923                   Income Tax Expense   42,713   23,577   127,861   89,825                   NET INCOME   $ 59,052   $ 36,247   $ 200,845   $ 138,098 The common stock of APCo is wholly-owned by AEP.             See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 109 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)         Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 Net Income   $ 59,052   $ 36,247   $ 200,845   $ 138,098                   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAXES                 Cash Flow Hedges, Net of Tax of $1 and $90 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $71 and $222 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   2   166   131   412 Amortization of Pension and OPEB Deferred Costs, Net of Tax of $247 and $180 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $493 and $359 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   (458 )   (333 )   (916 )   (666 )                   TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   (456 )   (167 )   (785 )   (254 )                   TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   $ 58,596   $ 36,080   $ 200,060   $ 137,844 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 110 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Common  Stock   Paid-in  Capital   Retained  Earnings   Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)   Total TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2013   $ 260,458   $ 1,809,562   $ 1,156,461   $ 2,951   $ 3,229,432                       Common Stock Dividends           (40,000 )       (40,000 ) Net Income           138,098       138,098 Other Comprehensive Loss               (254 )   (254 ) TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2014   $ 260,458   $ 1,809,562   $ 1,254,559   $ 2,697   $ 3,327,276                       TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2014   $ 260,458   $ 1,809,562   $ 1,291,876   $ 5,032   $ 3,366,928                       Common Stock Dividends           (118,750 )       (118,750 ) Net Income           200,845       200,845 Other Comprehensive Loss               (785 )   (785 ) TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2015   $ 260,458   $ 1,809,562   $ 1,373,971   $ 4,247   $ 3,448,238 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 111 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and Cash Equivalents   $ 2,523   $ 2,613 Restricted Cash for Securitized Funding   15,565   15,599 Advances to Affiliates   23,685   48,519 Accounts Receivable:         Customers   126,488   114,711 Affiliated Companies   54,790   67,294 Accrued Unbilled Revenues   43,102   58,022 Miscellaneous   1,843   1,956 Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts   (3,032 )   (2,364 ) Total Accounts Receivable   223,191   239,619 Fuel   92,073   113,386 Materials and Supplies   129,521   131,285 Risk Management Assets   38,877   23,792 Deferred Income Tax Benefits   3,491   23,955 Regulatory Asset for Under-Recovered Fuel Costs   83,558   66,076 Prepayments and Other Current Assets   18,122   13,660 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS   630,606   678,504           PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT         Electric:         Generation   6,215,900   6,824,029 Transmission   2,249,454   2,228,029 Distribution   3,314,816   3,258,306 Other Property, Plant and Equipment   384,861   373,520 Construction Work in Progress   459,307   321,495 Total Property, Plant and Equipment   12,624,338   13,005,379 Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   3,396,158   3,823,664 TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  –  NET   9,228,180   9,181,715           OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS         Regulatory Assets   1,038,924   857,872 Securitized Assets   339,020   350,170 Long-term Risk Management Assets   3,002   4,891 Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets   154,587   159,230 TOTAL OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS   1,535,533   1,372,163           TOTAL ASSETS   $ 11,394,319   $ 11,232,382 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 112 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014     (in thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Advances from Affiliates   $ 57,388   $ — Accounts Payable:         General   170,980   166,821 Affiliated Companies   67,380   80,602 Long-term Debt Due Within One Year – Nonaffiliated   252,410   552,212 Long-term Debt Due Within One Year – Affiliated   —   86,000 Risk Management Liabilities   9,159   11,017 Customer Deposits   76,867   71,766 Accrued Taxes   99,682   109,482 Accrued Interest   41,675   52,141 Other Current Liabilities   142,079   145,017 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES   917,620   1,275,058           NONCURRENT LIABILITIES         Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   3,714,237   3,342,062 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   1,448   2,057 Deferred Income Taxes   2,384,223   2,288,842 Regulatory Liabilities and Deferred Investment Tax Credits   661,932   652,867 Asset Retirement Obligations   118,310   122,300 Employee Benefits and Pension Obligations   117,780   127,980 Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities   30,531   54,288 TOTAL NONCURRENT LIABILITIES   7,028,461   6,590,396           TOTAL LIABILITIES   7,946,081   7,865,454           Rate Matters (Note 4)     Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)               COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY         Common Stock – No Par Value:         Authorized – 30,000,000 Shares         Outstanding – 13,499,500 Shares   260,458   260,458 Paid-in Capital   1,809,562   1,809,562 Retained Earnings   1,373,971   1,291,876 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   4,247   5,032 TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY   3,448,238   3,366,928           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   $ 11,394,319   $ 11,232,382 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 113 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net Income   $ 200,845   $ 138,098 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities:         Depreciation and Amortization   196,440   200,236 Deferred Income Taxes   122,498   90,236 Carrying Costs Income (Expense)   (710 )   1,612 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   (6,905 )   (2,860 ) Mark-to-Market of Risk Management Contracts   (15,664 )   (6,025 ) Pension Contributions to Qualified Plan Trust   (9,981 )   (8,963 ) Fuel Over/Under-Recovery, Net   (15,297 )   (108,943 ) Change in Other Noncurrent Assets   (1,845 )   2,861 Change in Other Noncurrent Liabilities   (10,436 )   23,626 Changes in Certain Components of Working Capital:         Accounts Receivable, Net   18,911   93,553 Fuel, Materials and Supplies   15,489   69,120 Accounts Payable   (20,590 )   (46,812 ) Accrued Taxes, Net   (11,450 )   (9,690 ) Other Current Assets   (2,212 )   (2,294 ) Other Current Liabilities   (21,028 )   (10,469 ) Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities   438,065   423,286           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction Expenditures   (293,100 )   (224,879 ) Change in Advances to Affiliates, Net   24,834   63,691 Other Investing Activities   7,012   (14,754 ) Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities   (261,254 )   (175,942 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Issuance of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   726,330   295,042 Change in Advances from Affiliates, Net   57,387   — Retirement of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   (661,055 )   (500,016 ) Retirement of Long-term Debt – Affiliated   (86,000 )   — Make Whole Premium on Extinguishment of Long-term Debt - Nonaffiliated   (92,658 ) — Principal Payments for Capital Lease Obligations   (2,571 )   (2,904 ) Dividends Paid on Common Stock   (118,750 )   (40,000 ) Other Financing Activities   416   1,002 Net Cash Flows Used for Financing Activities   (176,901 )   (246,876 )           Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents   (90 )   468 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period   2,613   2,745 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period   $ 2,523   $ 3,213           SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION         Cash Paid for Interest, Net of Capitalized Amounts   $ 105,616   $ 96,564 Net Cash Paid for Income Taxes   5,226   1,280 Noncash Acquisitions Under Capital Leases   1,880   3,133 Construction Expenditures Included in Current Liabilities as of June 30,   81,624   50,052 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 114 APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX OF CONDENSED NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF REGISTRANT SUBSIDIARIES The condensed notes to APCo’s condensed financial statements are combined with the condensed notes to condensed financial statements for other registrant subsidiaries.  Listed below are the notes that apply to APCo.   Page  Number     Significant Accounting Matters 172 New Accounting Pronouncements 173 Comprehensive Income 175 Rate Matters 193 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 202 Benefit Plans 206 Business Segments 209 Derivatives and Hedging 210 Fair Value Measurements 224 Income Taxes 237 Financing Activities 238 Variable Interest Entities 242 Property, Plant and Equipment 247 Disposition Plant Severance 248 115 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 116 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S NARRATIVE DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW Regulatory Activity Transmission, Distribution and Storage System Improvement Charge (TDSIC) In October 2014, I&M filed petitions with the IURC for approval of a TDSIC Rider and TDSIC Plan for eligible transmission, distribution and storage system improvements.  The initial estimated cost of the capital improvements and associated operation and maintenance expenses included in the TDSIC Plan of $787 million, excluding AFUDC, would be updated annually.  The TDSIC Rider would allow the periodic adjustment of I&M's rates to provide for timely recovery of 80% of approved TDSIC Plan costs.  I&M would defer the remaining 20% of approved TDSIC Plan costs to be recovered in I&M's next general rate case.  In April 2015, I&M filed a notice with the IURC to seek approval of the proposed TDSIC Plan excluding $117 million of certain projects that were challenged in this proceeding.  In May 2015, the IURC issued an order that denied I&M's TDSIC Plan and Rider.  In May 2015, I&M filed a petition for reconsideration and/or rehearing with the IURC and in June 2015, filed a notice of appeal with the Indiana Court of Appeals.  See the “Transmission, Distribution and Storage System Improvement Charge (TDSIC)” section of I&M Rate Matters in Note  4 . Litigation and Environmental Issues In the ordinary course of business, I&M is involved in employment, commercial, environmental and regulatory litigation.  Since it is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, management cannot predict the eventual resolution, timing or amount of any loss, fine or penalty.  Management assesses the probability of loss for each contingency and accrues a liability for cases which have a probable likelihood of loss if the loss can be estimated.  For details on regulatory proceedings and pending litigation, see Note 4 - Rate Matters and Note 6 - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies in the  2014  Annual Report.  Also, see Note  4  - Rate Matters and Note  5  - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies within the Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements beginning on page  171 .  Adverse results in these proceedings have the potential to reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Rockport Plant Litigation In July 2013, the Wilmington Trust Company filed a complaint in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against AEGCo and I&M alleging that it will be unlawfully burdened by the terms of the modified NSR consent decree after the Rockport Plant, Unit 2 lease expiration in December 2022.  The terms of the consent decree allow the installation of environmental emission control equipment, repowering or retirement of the unit.  The plaintiff further alleges that the defendants’ actions constitute breach of the lease and participation agreement.  The plaintiff seeks a judgment declaring that the defendants breached the lease, must satisfy obligations related to installation of emission control equipment and indemnify the plaintiff.  The New York court granted a motion to transfer this case to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio.  In October 2013, a motion to dismiss the case was filed on behalf of AEGCo and I&M.  In January 2015, the court issued an opinion and order granting the motion in part and denying the motion in part.  The court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs’ claims.  Several claims remain, including the claim for breach of the participation agreement and a claim alleging breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.  In June 2015, AEGCo and I&M filed a motion for partial judgment on the claims seeking dismissal of the breach of participation agreement claim as well as any claim for indemnification of costs associated with this case.  In July 2015, the plaintiffs responded to the motion for partial judgment and simultaneously moved for partial summary judgment on their claims for breach of the lease and participation agreement.  Management will continue to defend against the remaining claims.  Management is unable to determine a range of potential losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. See the “Executive Overview” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” section beginning on page  249  for additional discussion of relevant factors. 117 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS KWh Sales/Degree Days Summary of KWh Energy Sales   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions of KWhs) Retail:               Residential 1,125   1,161   2,870   3,066 Commercial 1,193   1,196   2,402   2,417 Industrial 1,946   1,963   3,740   3,768 Miscellaneous 15   15   35   35 Total Retail 4,279   4,335   9,047   9,286                 Wholesale 2,677   3,870   6,083   9,166                 Total KWhs 6,956   8,205   15,130   18,452 Heating degree days and cooling degree days are metrics commonly used in the utility industry as a measure of the impact of weather on revenues. Summary of Heating and Cooling Degree Days   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in degree days) Actual - Heating (a) 172   244   2,931   3,216 Normal - Heating (b) 232   228   2,403   2,377                 Actual - Cooling (c) 266   302   266   302 Normal - Cooling (b) 260   260   262   262 (a) Eastern Region heating degree days are calculated on a 55 degree temperature base. (b) Normal Heating/Cooling represents the thirty-year average of degree days. (c) Eastern Region cooling degree days are calculated on a 65 degree temperature base. 118 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Reconciliation of Second Quarter of 2014 to Second Quarter of 2015 Net Income (in millions)       Second Quarter of 2014   $ 27       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   15 FERC Municipals and Cooperatives   26 Off-system Sales   (8 ) Transmission Revenues   2 Other Revenues   (3 ) Total Change in Gross Margin   32       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   3 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (1 ) Interest Expense   1 Total Change in Expenses and Other   3       Income Tax Expense   (11 )       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 51 The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $15 million primarily due to the following: • A $10 million increase resulting from successful rate proceedings in the Indiana service territory. • A $4 million increase due to decreased costs for power acquired under the Unit Power Agreement between AEGCo and I&M. • A $2 million decrease in PJM related expenses. These increases were partially offset by: • A $4 million decrease in weather-related usage primarily due to a 30% decrease in heating degree days and a 12% decrease in cooling degree days. • Margins from FERC Municipal and Cooperatives  increased $26 million primarily due to the annual true-up adjustment of formula rates to actual costs. • Margins from Off-system Sales  decreased $8 million due to lower market prices and decreased sales volumes. • Other Revenues  decreased $3 million primarily due to a decrease in barging deliveries to the Rockport Plant by River Transportation Division (RTD).  The decrease in RTD revenue was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses for barging discussed below. 119 Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $3 million primarily due to the following: • A $6 million decrease in administrative and general expenses. • A $5 million decrease in boiler plant maintenance expenses for Rockport Plant, Unit 1 and Tanners Creek units.  Tanners Creek Plant was retired in May 2015. • A $3 million decrease in RTD expenses for barging activities.  The decrease in RTD expenses was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Revenues from barging activities discussed above. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $12 million increase in nuclear expenses primarily due to $7 million related to Cook Plant, Unit 1 diesel generator repairs and $6 million for low pressure turbine inspections. • Income Tax Expense  increased $11 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income and other book/tax differences which are accounted for on a flow-through basis, partially offset by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. 120 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Reconciliation of Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Net Income (in millions)       Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 114       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   31 FERC Municipals and Cooperatives   25 Off-system Sales   (51 ) Transmission Revenues   3 Other Revenues   (8 ) Total Change in Gross Margin   —       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   17 Depreciation and Amortization   (1 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (3 ) Interest Expense   4 Total Change in Expenses and Other   17       Income Tax Expense   (8 )       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 123 The major components in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $31 million primarily due to the following: • A $27 million increase resulting from successful rate proceedings in the Indiana service territory. • A $12 million decrease in PJM related expenses primarily related to the polar vortex in 2014. These increases were partially offset by: • A $7 million decrease in weather-related usage primarily due to a 12% decrease in cooling degree days and a 9% decrease in heating degree days. • A $7 million decrease due to weather normalized usage. • Margins from FERC Municipal and Cooperatives  increased $25 million primarily due to the annual true-up adjustment of formula rates to actual costs. • Margins from Off-system Sales  decreased $51 million due to lower market prices and decreased sales volume. • Other Revenues  decreased $8 million primarily due to a decrease in barging deliveries to the Rockport Plant by RTD.  The decrease in RTD revenue was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses for barging discussed below. 121 Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $17 million primarily due to the following: • A $9 million decrease in administrative and general expenses. • An $8 million decrease in RTD expenses for barging activities.  The decrease in RTD expenses was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Revenues from barging activities discussed above. • A $6 million decrease due to the reduction of an environmental liability. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $7 million increase in nuclear expenses related to Cook Plant, Unit 1 diesel generator repairs. • Interest Expense  decreased $4 million primarily due to a lower interest rate on a remarketed pollution control bond and an early redemption of a senior unsecured note. • Income Tax Expense  increased $8 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income and other book/tax differences which are accounted for on a flow-through basis, partially offset by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES, NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See the “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” in the  2014  Annual Report for a discussion of the estimates and judgments required for regulatory accounting, revenue recognition, derivative instruments, the valuation of long-lived assets and pension and other postretirement benefits. See the “Accounting Pronouncements” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” beginning on page  249  for a discussion of accounting pronouncements. 122 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 REVENUES                 Electric Generation, Transmission and Distribution   $ 515,027   $ 506,997   $ 1,081,277   $ 1,121,840 Sales to AEP Affiliates   6,504   1,068   6,957   3,352 Other Revenues – Affiliated   21,931   25,262   40,511   49,989 Other Revenues – Nonaffiliated   812   549   1,840   549 TOTAL REVENUES   544,274   533,876   1,130,585   1,175,730                   EXPENSES                 Fuel and Other Consumables Used for Electric Generation   74,041   113,700   173,925   270,343 Purchased Electricity for Resale   50,260   27,086   106,167   32,448 Purchased Electricity from AEP Affiliates   59,993   65,190   114,958   137,246 Other Operation   137,306   146,272   266,266   287,622 Maintenance   59,829   54,246   107,180   102,811 Depreciation and Amortization   49,540   49,446   100,947   99,477 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   21,977   20,803   45,384   42,626 TOTAL EXPENSES   452,946   476,743   914,827   972,573                   OPERATING INCOME   91,328   57,133   215,758   203,157                   Other Income (Expense):                 Interest Income   3,578   1,729   5,326   2,778 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   2,907   4,804   6,950   8,768 Interest Expense   (22,968 )   (23,705 )   (45,745 )   (49,338 )                   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE   74,845   39,961   182,289   165,365                   Income Tax Expense   24,264   12,627   59,034   50,942                   NET INCOME   $ 50,581   $ 27,334   $ 123,255   $ 114,423 The common stock of I&M is wholly-owned by AEP.   See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 123 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 Net Income   $ 50,581   $ 27,334   $ 123,255   $ 114,423                   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAXES                 Cash Flow Hedges, Net of Tax of $144 and $189 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $288 and $418 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   268   350   535   775 Amortization of Pension and OPEB Deferred Costs, Net of Tax of $6 and $23 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $12 and $46 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   10   43   22   86                   TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   278   393   557   861                   TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   $ 50,859   $ 27,727   $ 123,812   $ 115,284 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 124 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY For the  Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)   Common  Stock   Paid-in  Capital   Retained  Earnings   Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)   Total TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2013 $ 56,584   $ 980,896   $ 900,182   $ (15,509 )   $ 1,922,153                     Common Stock Dividends         (75,000 )       (75,000 ) Net Income         114,423       114,423 Other Comprehensive Income             861   861 TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2014 $ 56,584   $ 980,896   $ 939,605   $ (14,648 )   $ 1,962,437                     TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2014 $ 56,584   $ 980,896   $ 930,829   $ (14,360 )   $ 1,953,949                     Common Stock Dividends         (60,000 )       (60,000 ) Net Income         123,255       123,255 Other Comprehensive Income             557   557 TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2015 $ 56,584   $ 980,896   $ 994,084   $ (13,803 )   $ 2,017,761 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 125 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS June 30, 2015  and December 31,  2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and Cash Equivalents   $ 1,317   $ 1,020 Advances to Affiliates   13,504   13,481 Accounts Receivable:         Customers   73,208   56,978 Affiliated Companies   59,434   72,582 Accrued Unbilled Revenues   220   503 Miscellaneous   1,561   1,625 Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts   (375 )   (494 ) Total Accounts Receivable   134,048   131,194 Fuel   23,884   54,623 Materials and Supplies   189,022   201,089 Risk Management Assets   16,514   22,328 Accrued Tax Benefits   28,457   24,788 Prepayments and Other Current Assets   28,566   27,968 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS   435,312   476,491           PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT         Electric:         Generation   3,931,860   3,741,831 Transmission   1,375,436   1,358,419 Distribution   1,735,290   1,698,409 Other Property, Plant and Equipment (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include Coal Mining and Nuclear Fuel, December 31, 2014 Amount Includes 2015 Plant Retirement)   746,227   1,490,820 Construction Work in Progress   437,078   537,237 Total Property, Plant and Equipment   8,225,891   8,826,716 Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization   3,049,243   3,410,341 TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  –  NET   5,176,648   5,416,375           OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS         Regulatory Assets   839,110   536,152 Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts   2,106,090   2,095,732 Long-term Risk Management Assets   2,026   3,317 Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets   127,922   137,209 TOTAL OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS   3,075,148   2,772,410           TOTAL ASSETS   $ 8,687,108   $ 8,665,276 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 126 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY June 30, 2015  and December 31,  2014   (dollars in thousands) (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 CURRENT LIABILITIES         Advances from Affiliates   $ 140,658   $ 142,501 Accounts Payable:         General   117,949   168,294 Affiliated Companies   75,328   76,010 Long-term Debt Due Within One Year – Nonaffiliated (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $109,242 and $85,657, Respectively, Related to DCC Fuel)   312,370   382,187 Risk Management Liabilities   4,493   5,223 Customer Deposits   35,224   35,206 Accrued Taxes   68,633   72,742 Accrued Interest   26,888   26,677 Obligations Under Capital Leases   42,186   42,050 Other Current Liabilities   112,701   150,566 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES   936,430   1,101,456           NONCURRENT LIABILITIES         Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   1,776,543   1,645,210 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   982   1,395 Deferred Income Taxes   1,332,635   1,264,167 Regulatory Liabilities and Deferred Investment Tax Credits   1,134,679   1,199,694 Asset Retirement Obligations   1,365,572   1,337,179 Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities   122,506   162,226 TOTAL NONCURRENT LIABILITIES   5,732,917   5,609,871           TOTAL LIABILITIES   6,669,347   6,711,327           Rate Matters (Note 4)     Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)               COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY         Common Stock – No Par Value:         Authorized – 2,500,000 Shares         Outstanding – 1,400,000 Shares   56,584   56,584 Paid-in Capital   980,896   980,896 Retained Earnings   994,084   930,829 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (13,803 )   (14,360 ) TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY   2,017,761   1,953,949           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   $ 8,687,108   $ 8,665,276 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 127 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the  Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net Income   $ 123,255   $ 114,423 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities:         Depreciation and Amortization   100,947   99,477 Deferred Income Taxes   48,011   17,499 Amortization (Deferral) of Incremental Nuclear Refueling Outage Expenses, Net   (11,605 )   28,358 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   (6,950 )   (8,768 ) Mark-to-Market of Risk Management Contracts   5,962   (4,378 ) Amortization of Nuclear Fuel   65,514   78,560 Fuel Over/Under-Recovery, Net   (15,089 )   14,567 Change in Other Noncurrent Assets   31,547   (42,263 ) Change in Other Noncurrent Liabilities   (25,024 )   44,269 Changes in Certain Components of Working Capital:         Accounts Receivable, Net   (2,250 )   45,666 Fuel, Materials and Supplies   31,084   4,668 Accounts Payable   6,764   (26,859 ) Accrued Taxes, Net   (7,778 )   17,381 Other Current Assets   5,214   9,815 Other Current Liabilities   (37,109 )   (22,913 ) Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities   312,493   369,502           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction Expenditures   (221,587 )   (224,937 ) Change in Advances to Affiliates, Net   (23 )   42,357 Purchases of Investment Securities   (540,711 )   (508,835 ) Sales of Investment Securities   515,784   482,534 Acquisitions of Nuclear Fuel   (52,171 )   (57,991 ) Other Investing Activities   7,399   9,299 Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities   (291,309 )   (257,573 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Issuance of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   210,702   99,419 Change in Advances from Affiliates, Net   (1,843 )   47,353 Retirement of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   (150,077 )   (160,292 ) Principal Payments for Capital Lease Obligations   (20,181 )   (23,622 ) Dividends Paid on Common Stock   (60,000 )   (75,000 ) Other Financing Activities   512   554 Net Cash Flows Used for Financing Activities   (20,887 )   (111,588 )           Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents   297   341 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period   1,020   1,317 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period   $ 1,317   $ 1,658           SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION         Cash Paid for Interest, Net of Capitalized Amounts   $ 42,252   $ 42,779 Net Cash Paid for Income Taxes   17,066   13,206 Noncash Acquisitions Under Capital Leases   1,384   3,918 Construction Expenditures Included in Current Liabilities as of June 30,   53,118   59,759 Acquisition of Nuclear Fuel Included in Current Liabilities as of June 30,   30   42,076 Expected Reimbursement for Capital Cost of Spent Nuclear Fuel Dry Cask Storage   432   2,444 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 128 INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX OF CONDENSED NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF REGISTRANT SUBSIDIARIES The condensed notes to I&M’s condensed financial statements are combined with the condensed notes to condensed financial statements for other registrant subsidiaries.  Listed below are the notes that apply to I&M.   Page  Number     Significant Accounting Matters 172 New Accounting Pronouncements 173 Comprehensive Income 175 Rate Matters 193 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 202 Benefit Plans 206 Business Segments 209 Derivatives and Hedging 210 Fair Value Measurements 224 Income Taxes 237 Financing Activities 238 Variable Interest Entities 242 Property, Plant and Equipment 247 Disposition Plant Severance 248 129 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 130 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES MANAGEMENT’S NARRATIVE DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW Regulatory Activity Ohio Electric Security Plan Filings 2009 - 2011 ESP In August 2012, the PUCO issued an order in a separate proceeding which implemented a PIRR to recover OPCo’s deferred fuel costs in rates beginning September 2012.  In June 2015, the Supreme Court of Ohio issued a decision that reversed, as requested by OPCo, the PUCO order on the carrying cost rate issue and dismissed the appeal filed by the IEU.  In June 2015, the IEU filed a motion for reconsideration with the Supreme Court of Ohio related to the accumulated deferred income tax credit.  If the Supreme Court of Ohio upholds its June 2015 order, it would remand the matter back to the PUCO for reinstatement of the weighted average cost of capital rate. June 2012 - May 2015 Ohio ESP Including Capacity Charge In August 2012, the PUCO issued an order which adopted and modified a new ESP that established base generation rates through May 2015.  This ruling was generally upheld in PUCO rehearing orders in January and March 2013. In July 2012, the PUCO issued an order in a separate capacity proceeding which stated that OPCo must charge CRES providers the RPM price and authorized OPCo to defer a portion of its incurred capacity costs not recovered from CRES providers up to $188.88/MW day.  The OPCo RPM price collected from CRES providers, which includes reserve margins, was approximately $34/MW day through May 2014 and $150/MW day from June 2014 through May 2015.  In December 2012, various parties filed notices of appeal of the capacity costs decision with the Supreme Court of Ohio. As part of the August 2012 ESP order, the PUCO established a non-bypassable RSR, effective September 2012.  The RSR was collected from customers at $3.50/MWh through May 2014 and at $4.00/MWh for the period June 2014 through May 2015, with $1.00/MWh applied to the recovery of deferred capacity costs.  In April and May 2013, OPCo and various intervenors filed appeals with the Supreme Court of Ohio challenging portions of the PUCO’s ESP order, including the RSR.  In July 2014, OPCo submitted a separate application to continue the RSR to collect the unrecovered portion of the deferred capacity costs at the rate of $4.00/MWh, until the balance of the capacity deferrals has been collected.  In April 2015, the PUCO issued an order approving the application to continue the RSR, with modifications.  In May 2015, the PUCO granted intervenors requests for rehearing.  As of  June 30, 2015 , OPCo’s incurred deferred capacity costs balance was $432 million, including debt carrying costs. In November 2013, the PUCO issued an order approving OPCo’s competitive bid process with modifications.  As ordered, in 2014, OPCo conducted multiple energy-only auctions for a total of 100% of the SSO load with delivery beginning April 2014 through May 2015.  As provided for in the June 2015 - May 2018 ESP, for delivery starting in June 2015, OPCo now conducts energy and capacity auctions for its entire SSO load.  The PUCO also approved the unbundling of the FAC into fixed and energy-related components and an intervenor proposal to blend the $188.88/MW day capacity price in proportion to the percentage of energy planned to be auctioned.  Additionally, the PUCO ordered that intervenor concerns related to the recovery of the fixed fuel costs through potentially both the FAC and the approved capacity charges be addressed in subsequent FAC proceedings. In January 2014, the PUCO denied all rehearing requests and agreed to issue a supplemental request for an independent auditor in the 2012 - 2013 FAC proceeding to separately examine the recovery of the fixed fuel costs, including OVEC.  In March 2014, the PUCO approved OPCo’s request to implement riders related to the unbundling of the FAC.  In October 2014, the independent auditor, selected by the PUCO, filed its report for the period August 2012 through May 2015 with the PUCO.  If the PUCO ultimately concludes that a portion of the fixed fuel costs are also recovered through  131 OPCo's $188.88/MW day capacity charge, the independent auditor has recommended a methodology for calculating a refund of a portion of certain fixed fuel costs.  The retail share of these fixed fuel costs is approximately $90 million annually.  A hearing related to this matter has not been scheduled.  Management believes that no over-recovery of costs has occurred and disagrees with the findings in the audit report. If OPCo is ultimately not permitted to fully collect all components of its ESP rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. June 2015 - May 2018 ESP In December 2013, OPCo filed an application with the PUCO to approve an ESP that included proposed rate adjustments and the continuation and modification of certain existing riders effective June 2015 through May 2018.  The proposal included a return on common equity of 10.65% on capital costs for certain riders.  The proposal also included a purchased power agreement (PPA) rider that would allow retail customers to receive a rate stabilizing charge or credit by hedging market-based prices with a cost-based PPA.  In October 2014, OPCo filed a separate application with the PUCO to propose a new extended PPA with AGR for 2,671 MW for inclusion in the PPA rider. In February 2015, the PUCO issued an order approving OPCo's ESP application, subject to certain modifications, with a return on common equity of 10.2% on capital costs for certain riders.  The order included (a) approval of the Distribution Investment Rider (DIR) with modified rate caps established by the PUCO, (b) authorization to establish a zero rate rider for OPCo's proposed PPA, (c) the option for OPCo to reapply in a future proceeding with a more detailed PPA proposal and (d) a directive to continue to pursue the transfer of the OVEC contractual entitlement to AGR or to otherwise divest of its interest in OVEC.  In May 2015, on rehearing, the PUCO issued an order that increased the DIR rate caps and deferred ruling on all requests for rehearing related to the establishment of the PPA rider.    In June 2015, OPCo and various intervenors filed applications for rehearing with the PUCO related to the May 2015 order on rehearing.  In July 2015, the PUCO granted the requests for rehearing. In May 2015, OPCo filed an amended PPA application between OPCo and AGR that (a) included OPCo's OVEC contractual entitlement, (b) addressed the PPA requirements set forth in the PUCO's February 2015 order, (c) updated supporting testimony to reflect a current analysis of the PPA proposal and (d) continued to include the 2,671 MW to be available for capacity, energy and ancillary services, produced by AGR over the lives of the respective generating units. If OPCo is ultimately not permitted to fully collect all components of its ESP rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  See “Ohio Electric Security Plan Filings” section of OPCo Rate Matters in Note  4 . Litigation and Environmental Issues In the ordinary course of business, OPCo is involved in employment, commercial, environmental and regulatory litigation.  Since it is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, management cannot predict the eventual resolution, timing or amount of any loss, fine or penalty.  Management assesses the probability of loss for each contingency and accrues a liability for cases which have a probable likelihood of loss if the loss can be estimated.  For details on regulatory proceedings and pending litigation, see Note 4 - Rate Matters and Note 6 - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies in the  2014  Annual Report.  Also, see Note  4  - Rate Matters and Note  5  - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies within the Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements beginning on page  171 .  Adverse results in these proceedings have the potential to reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. See the “Executive Overview” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” section beginning on page  249  for additional discussion of relevant factors. 132 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS KWh Sales/Degree Days Summary of KWh Energy Sales   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions of KWhs) Retail:               Residential 2,970   2,945   7,461   7,676 Commercial 3,550   3,545   7,145   7,124 Industrial 3,826   3,702   7,370   7,175 Miscellaneous 28   28   60   62 Total Retail (a) 10,374   10,220   22,036   22,037                 Wholesale (b) 429   453   963   1,152                 Total KWhs 10,803   10,673   22,999   23,189 (a) Represents energy delivered to distribution customers. (b) Ohio's contractually obligated purchases of OVEC power sold into PJM. Heating degree days and cooling degree days are metrics commonly used in the utility industry as a measure of the impact of weather on revenues. Summary of Heating and Cooling Degree Days     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014     (in degree days) Actual - Heating (a)   137   130   2,575   2,539 Normal - Heating (b)   186   187   2,067   2,067                   Actual - Cooling (c)   350   362   350   362 Normal - Cooling (b)   287   280   290   283 (a) Eastern Region heating degree days are calculated on a 55 degree temperature base. (b) Normal Heating/Cooling represents the thirty-year average of degree days. (c) Eastern Region cooling degree days are calculated on a 65 degree temperature base. 133 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Reconciliation of Second Quarter of 2014 to Second Quarter of 2015 Net Income (in millions)       Second Quarter of 2014   $ 57       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   7 Off-system Sales   (2 ) Transmission Revenues   (32 ) Other Revenues   5 Total Change in Gross Margin   (22 )       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   16 Depreciation and Amortization   (4 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (8 ) Carrying Costs Income   (2 ) Interest Expense   1 Total Change in Expenses and Other   3       Income Tax Expense   10       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 48 The major components of the decrease in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, purchased electricity and amortization of generation deferrals were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $7 million primarily due to the following: • A $14 million increase in transmission rider and PJM retail revenues primarily due to CRES transmission revenue collected through a non-bypassable retail transmission rider beginning in June 2015, which is partially offset by a corresponding decrease in Transmission Revenues below. • A $7 million increase in revenues associated with the Distribution Investment Rider. • A $4 million increase in industrial sales. These increases were partially offset by: • A $12 million decrease in revenues associated with the Storm Damage Recovery Rider which ended in April 2015.  This decrease in Retail Margins is primarily offset by a decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • An $8 million decrease in the Energy Efficiency (EE), Peak Demand Reduction Cost Recovery Rider (PDR) revenues and associated deferrals.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • Transmission Revenues  decreased $32 million primarily due to the following: • A $12 million decrease in revenues related to a lower transmission formula rate true-up than in the prior year. • A $10 million decrease in NITS revenue due to OPCo assuming the responsibility for items determined to be cost-based transmission-related charges that were the responsibility of the CRES providers prior to June 2015, which is partially offset by a corresponding increase in Retail Margins above. • A $7 million transmission regulatory loss provision in 2015. • Other Revenues  increased $5 million primarily due to increased pole attachment revenue. Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: 134 • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $16 million primarily due to the following: • A $12 million decrease due to the completion of the amortization of 2012 deferred storm expenses.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Retail Margins above. • An $8 million decrease in EE and PDR costs and associated deferrals.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Retail Margins above. • A $2 million decrease in employee-related expenses. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $6 million increase in recoverable PJM expenses. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses   increased $4 million primarily due to an increase in depreciable base of transmission and distribution assets. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $8 million primarily due to an increase in property taxes due to additional investment in transmission and distribution assets and higher tax rates. • Income Tax Expense  decreased $10 million primarily due to a decrease in pretax book income and by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. 135 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   Reconciliation of Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Net Income (In Millions)       Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 117       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins   27 Off-system Sales   (2 ) Transmission Revenues   (34 ) Other Revenues   6 Total Change in Gross Margin   (3 )       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   8 Depreciation and Amortization   (5 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (10 ) Other Income   (2 ) Carrying Costs Income   (2 ) Interest Expense   2 Total Change in Expenses and Other   (9 )       Income Tax Expense   8       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 113 The major components of the decrease in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, purchased electricity and amortization of generation deferrals were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $27 million primarily due to the following: • A $14 million increase in transmission rider and PJM retail revenues primarily due to CRES transmission revenue collected through a non-bypassable retail transmission rider beginning in June 2015, which is partially offset by a corresponding decrease in Transmission Revenues below. • A $15 million increase in revenues associated with the Distribution Investment Rider. • A $10 million increase in base rates due to the discontinuance of seasonal rates. • A $3 million increase in industrial sales. • A $3 million increase in revenues associated with the Storm Damage Recovery Rider which ended in April 2015.  This increase in Retail Margins is primarily offset by an increase in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. These increases were partially offset by: • A $17 million decrease in the Energy Efficiency (EE), Peak Demand Reduction Cost Recovery Rider (PDR) revenues and associated deferrals.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • A $6 million decrease in revenues associated with the Universal Service Fund (USF) surcharge.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Other Operation and Maintenance expenses below. • Transmission Revenues  decreased $34 million primarily due to the following: • A $12 million decrease in revenues related to a lower transmission formula rate true-up than in the prior year. • A $10 million decrease in NITS revenue due to OPCo assuming the responsibility for items determined to be cost-based transmission-related charges that were the responsibility of the CRES providers prior to June 2015, which is partially offset by a corresponding increase in Retail Margins above. • A $7 million transmission regulatory loss provision in 2015. • Other Revenues  increased $6 million primarily due to increased pole attachment revenue. 136 Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $8 million primarily due to the following: • A $17 million decrease in EE and PDR costs and associated deferrals.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Retail Margins above. • A $6 million decrease in remitted USF surcharge payments to the Ohio Department of Development to fund an energy assistance program for qualified Ohio customers.  This decrease was offset by a corresponding decrease in Retail Margins above. • A $5 million decrease in employee-related expenses. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $14 million increase in recoverable PJM expenses. • A $6 million increase due to PUCO ordered contributions to the Ohio Growth Fund. • A $2 million increase due to the completion of the amortization of 2012 deferred storm expenses.  This increase was offset by a corresponding increase in Retail Margins above. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $5 million primarily due to an increase in depreciable base of transmission and distribution assets. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $10 million primarily due to an increase in property taxes due to additional investment in transmission and distribution assets and higher tax rates. • Income Tax Expense  decreased $8 million primarily due to a decrease in pretax book income and by the regulatory accounting treatment of state income taxes. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES, NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See the “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” in the  2014  Annual Report for a discussion of the estimates and judgments required for regulatory accounting, revenue recognition, derivative instruments, the valuation of long-lived assets and pension and other postretirement benefits. See the “Accounting Pronouncements” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” beginning on page  249  for a discussion of accounting pronouncements. 137 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 REVENUES                 Electricity, Transmission and Distribution   $ 670,250   $ 739,962   $ 1,544,467   $ 1,586,868 Sales to AEP Affiliates   33,158   44,443   75,264   76,421 Other Revenues   2,346   1,756   4,463   3,064 TOTAL REVENUES   705,754   786,161   1,624,194   1,666,353                   EXPENSES                 Purchased Electricity for Resale   116,434   64,059   258,514   143,189 Purchased Electricity from AEP Affiliates   146,207   267,631   416,811   581,755 Amortization of Generation Deferrals   35,301   24,977   66,755   56,163 Other Operation   129,829   131,485   276,673   282,911 Maintenance   34,214   48,590   81,787   83,241 Depreciation and Amortization   55,640   51,485   114,852   110,184 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   91,639   83,913   189,426   179,170 TOTAL EXPENSES   609,264   672,140   1,404,818   1,436,613                   OPERATING INCOME   96,490   114,021   219,376   229,740                   Other Income (Expense):                 Interest Income   1,250   2,899   3,163   6,173 Carrying Costs Income   5,153   6,874   11,613   13,988 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   2,343   1,342   4,787   3,068 Interest Expense   (31,271 )   (32,759 )   (63,720 )   (65,766 )                   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE   73,965   92,377   175,219   187,203                   Income Tax Expense   26,213   35,842   62,100   69,894                   NET INCOME   $ 47,752   $ 56,535   $ 113,119   $ 117,309 The common stock of OPCo is wholly-owned by AEP.           See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 138 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 Net Income   $ 47,752   $ 56,535   $ 113,119   $ 117,309                   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS, NET OF TAXES                 Cash Flow Hedges, Net of Tax of $185 and $185 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $370 and $426 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   (343 )   (343 )   (686 )   (791 )                   TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   $ 47,409   $ 56,192   $ 112,433   $ 116,518 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 139 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)   Common  Stock   Paid-in  Capital   Retained  Earnings   Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)   Total TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2013 $ 321,201   $ 663,782   $ 633,203   $ 7,079   $ 1,625,265                     Common Stock Dividends         (35,000 )       (35,000 ) Net Income         117,309       117,309 Other Comprehensive Loss             (791 )   (791 ) TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2014 $ 321,201   $ 663,782   $ 715,512   $ 6,288   $ 1,706,783                     TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2014 $ 321,201   $ 838,782   $ 814,625   $ 5,602   $ 1,980,210                     Common Stock Dividends         (87,500 )       (87,500 ) Net Income         113,119       113,119 Other Comprehensive Loss             (686 )   (686 ) TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2015 $ 321,201   $ 838,782   $ 840,244   $ 4,916   $ 2,005,143 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 .   140 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and Cash Equivalents   $ 3,439   $ 2,870 Restricted Cash for Securitized Funding   28,699   28,687 Advances to Affiliates   187,812   312,473 Accounts Receivable:         Customers   45,450   57,906 Affiliated Companies   91,434   79,822 Accrued Unbilled Revenues   803   35,755 Miscellaneous   720   927 Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts   (165 )   (171 ) Total Accounts Receivable   138,242   174,239 Notes Receivable Due Within One Year – Affiliated   —   86,000 Materials and Supplies   75,595   60,909 Risk Management Assets   —   7,242 Deferred Income Tax Benefits   44,336   49,306 Accrued Tax Benefits   5,699   6,100 Prepayments and Other Current Assets   8,705   8,997 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS   492,527   736,823           PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT         Electric:         Transmission   2,159,276   2,104,613 Distribution   4,177,897   4,087,601 Other Property, Plant and Equipment   434,887   390,848 Construction Work in Progress   222,943   218,667 Total Property, Plant and Equipment   6,995,003   6,801,729 Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   2,070,583   2,038,120 TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  –  NET   4,924,420   4,763,609           OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS         Notes Receivable – Affiliated   32,245   32,245 Regulatory Assets   1,237,933   1,318,939 Securitized Assets   97,849   109,999 Long-term Risk Management Assets   44,056   45,102 Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets   170,043   264,150 TOTAL OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS   1,582,126   1,770,435           TOTAL ASSETS   $ 6,999,073   $ 7,270,867 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 141 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (dollars in thousands) (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accounts Payable:         General   $ 166,189   $ 145,328 Affiliated Companies   85,996   172,741 Long-term Debt Due Within One Year – Nonaffiliated (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $45,973 and $45,427, Respectively, Related to Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding)   396,045   131,497 Risk Management Liabilities   2,010   1,943 Customer Deposits   60,038   53,922 Accrued Taxes   320,688   420,772 Accrued Interest   33,242   34,279 Other Current Liabilities   128,328   179,093 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES   1,192,536   1,139,575           NONCURRENT LIABILITIES         Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $164,295 and $187,041, Respectively, Related to Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding)   1,793,114   2,165,626 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   4,573   3,013 Deferred Income Taxes   1,414,723   1,405,620 Regulatory Liabilities and Deferred Investment Tax Credits   530,224   514,691 Employee Benefits and Pension Obligations   28,498   36,662 Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities   30,262   25,470 TOTAL NONCURRENT LIABILITIES   3,801,394   4,151,082           TOTAL LIABILITIES   4,993,930   5,290,657           Rate Matters (Note 4)     Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)               COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY         Common Stock – No Par Value:         Authorized – 40,000,000 Shares         Outstanding – 27,952,473 Shares   321,201   321,201 Paid-in Capital   838,782   838,782 Retained Earnings   840,244   814,625 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   4,916   5,602 TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY   2,005,143   1,980,210           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   $ 6,999,073   $ 7,270,867 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 142 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net Income   $ 113,119   $ 117,309 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities:         Depreciation and Amortization   114,852   110,184 Amortization of Generation Deferrals   66,755   56,163 Deferred Income Taxes   15,527   41,576 Carrying Costs Income   (11,613 )   (13,988 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   (4,787 )   (3,068 ) Mark-to-Market of Risk Management Contracts   9,916   (6,379 ) Pension Contributions to Qualified Plan Trust   (7,671 )   (6,547 ) Property Taxes   96,279   100,522 Fuel Over/Under-Recovery, Net   (22,931 )   28,671 Deferral of Ohio Capacity Costs, Net   (30,662 )   (120,743 ) Change in Other Noncurrent Assets   23,865   13,281 Change in Other Noncurrent Liabilities   22,543   46,213 Changes in Certain Components of Working Capital:         Accounts Receivable, Net   38,230   (2,256 ) Materials and Supplies   (14,687 )   (4,205 ) Accounts Payable   (68,105 )   (70,228 ) Customer Deposits   6,116   480 Accrued Taxes, Net   (99,683 )   (138,584 ) Other Current Assets   (787 )   (560 ) Other Current Liabilities   (30,230 )   (24,522 ) Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities   216,046   123,319           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction Expenditures   (236,048 )   (213,974 ) Change in Restricted Cash for Securitized Funding   (12 )   (23,616 ) Change in Advances to Affiliates, Net   124,661   339,070 Proceeds from Notes Receivable – Affiliated   86,000   139,450 Other Investing Activities   6,439   3,570 Net Cash Flows from (Used for) Investing Activities   (18,960 )   244,500           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Change in Advances from Affiliates, Net   —   34,723 Retirement of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   (108,238 )   (364,498 ) Principal Payments for Capital Lease Obligations   (1,937 )   (2,562 ) Dividends Paid on Common Stock   (87,500 )   (35,000 ) Other Financing Activities   1,158   989 Net Cash Flows Used for Financing Activities   (196,517 )   (366,348 )           Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents   569   1,471 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period   2,870   3,004 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period   $ 3,439   $ 4,475           SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION         Cash Paid for Interest, Net of Capitalized Amounts   $ 61,278   $ 69,127 Net Cash Paid for Income Taxes   20,500   10,863 Noncash Acquisitions Under Capital Leases   1,727   3,754 Construction Expenditures Included in Current Liabilities as of June 30,   42,222   40,878 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 143 OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX OF CONDENSED NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF REGISTRANT SUBSIDIARIES The condensed notes to OPCo’s condensed financial statements are combined with the condensed notes to condensed financial statements for other registrant subsidiaries.  Listed below are the notes that apply to OPCo.   Page  Number     Significant Accounting Matters 172 New Accounting Pronouncements 173 Comprehensive Income 175 Rate Matters 193 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 202 Benefit Plans 206 Business Segments 209 Derivatives and Hedging 210 Fair Value Measurements 224 Income Taxes 237 Financing Activities 238 Variable Interest Entities 242 Property, Plant and Equipment 247 Disposition Plant Severance 248 144 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA 145 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA MANAGEMENT’S NARRATIVE DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW Regulatory Activity 2015 Oklahoma Base Rate Case In July 2015, PSO filed a request with the OCC to increase annual revenues by $137 million to recover costs associated with its environmental compliance plan and to recover investments and other costs that have increased since the last base rate case.  The annual increase consists of (a) a base rate increase of $89 million, which includes $48 million in increased depreciation expense that reflects, among other things, recovery through June 2026 for Northeastern Plant, Units 3 and 4, (b) a rider or base rate increase of $44 million to recover costs for the environmental controls being installed on Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 and the Comanche Plant and (c) a request to include environmental consumable costs in the FAC, estimated to be $4 million annually.  The rate increase includes a proposed return on equity of 10.5% and is proposed to be effective in January 2016, except for the $44 million for environmental investments, which is proposed to be effective in March 2016, after the Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 environmental controls go in service.  In addition, the filing also notified the OCC that future incremental purchased capacity and energy costs of an estimated $35 million will be incurred related to the environmental compliance plan, due to the closure of Northeastern Plant, Unit 4 in April 2016, which would be recovered through the FAC.  If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  See the “2015 Oklahoma Base Rate Case” section of PSO Rate Matters in Note  4 . Litigation and Environmental Issues In the ordinary course of business, PSO is involved in employment, commercial, environmental and regulatory litigation.  Since it is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, management cannot predict the eventual resolution, timing or amount of any loss, fine or penalty.  Management assesses the probability of loss for each contingency and accrues a liability for cases which have a probable likelihood of loss if the loss can be estimated.  For details on regulatory proceedings and pending litigation, see Note 4 - Rate Matters and Note 6 - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies in the  2014  Annual Report.  Also, see Note  4  - Rate Matters and Note  5  - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies within the Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements beginning on page  171 .  Adverse results in these proceedings have the potential to reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. See the “Executive Overview” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” section beginning on page  249  for additional discussion of relevant factors. 146 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS KWh Sales/Degree Days Summary of KWh Energy Sales   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions of KWhs) Retail:               Residential 1,324   1,363   2,840   2,997 Commercial 1,329   1,311   2,460   2,450 Industrial 1,377   1,339   2,631   2,532 Miscellaneous 317   322   593   600 Total Retail 4,347   4,335   8,524   8,579                 Wholesale 47   49   138   276                 Total KWhs 4,394   4,384   8,662   8,855 Heating degree days and cooling degree days are metrics commonly used in the utility industry as a measure of the impact of weather on revenues. Summary of Heating and Cooling Degree Days   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in degree days) Actual - Heating (a) 10   48   1,176   1,417 Normal - Heating (b) 41   40   1,088   1,085                 Actual - Cooling (c) 646   673   659   676 Normal - Cooling (b) 652   649   666   664 (a) Western Region heating degree days are calculated on a 55 degree temperature base. (b) Normal Heating/Cooling represents the thirty-year average of degree days. (c) Western Region cooling degree days are calculated on a 65 degree temperature base. 147 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Reconciliation of Second Quarter of 2014 to Second Quarter of 2015 Net Income (in millions)       Second Quarter of 2014   $ 22       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins (a)   9 Total Change in Gross Margin   9       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   5 Depreciation and Amortization   (5 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (3 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   2 Total Change in Expenses and Other   (1 )       Income Tax Expense   (3 )       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 27 (a) Includes firm wholesale sales to municipals and cooperatives. The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $9 million primarily due to the revenue increases from rate riders.  This increase in retail margins has corresponding increases to riders/trackers recognized in other expense items below.      Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $5 million primarily due to the following: • A $2 million decrease in distribution expenses primarily due to decreased vegetation management expenses. • A $2 million decrease in generation plant maintenance expenses. • A $2 million decrease in general and administrative expenses. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $5 million primarily due to the following: • A $2 million increase in amortization related to an advanced metering rider implemented in November 2014. • A $2 million increase due to a higher depreciable base. • Taxes Other Than Income Taxes  increased $3 million primarily due to a June 2014 property tax reduction resulting from a change in Oklahoma tax law. • Income Tax Expense  increased $3 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income. 148 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Reconciliation of Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Net Income (in millions)       Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 31       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins (a)   19 Transmission Revenues   1 Total Change in Gross Margin   20       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   7 Depreciation and Amortization   (11 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   2 Interest Expense   (2 ) Total Change in Expenses and Other   (4 )       Income Tax Expense   (6 )       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 41 (a) Includes firm wholesale sales to municipals and cooperatives. The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $19 million primarily due to the following: • A $16 million increase primarily due to revenue increases from rate riders.  This increase in retail margins has corresponding increases to riders/trackers recognized in other expense items below. • A $4 million increase due to increased industrial and commercial usage. These increases were partially offset by: • A $2 million decrease in weather-related usage primarily due to a 17% decrease in heating degree days. Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $7 million primarily due to the following: • A $5 million decrease in generation plant maintenance expenses. • A $2 million decrease in distribution expenses primarily due to decreased vegetation management expenses. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $11 million primarily due to the following: • A $7 million increase in amortization related to an advanced metering rider implemented in November 2014. • A $3 million increase due to a higher depreciable base. • Income Tax Expense  increased $6 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES, NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See the “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” in the  2014  Annual Report for a discussion of the estimates and judgments required for regulatory accounting, revenue recognition, derivative instruments, the valuation of long-lived assets and pension and other postretirement benefits. See the “Accounting Pronouncements” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” beginning on page  249  for a discussion of accounting pronouncements. 149 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 REVENUES                 Electric Generation, Transmission and Distribution   $ 317,611   $ 316,524   $ 622,284   $ 613,234 Sales to AEP Affiliates   1,164   854   2,443   5,451 Other Revenues   729   1,437   1,549   1,515 TOTAL REVENUES   319,504   318,815   626,276   620,200                   EXPENSES                 Fuel and Other Consumables Used for Electric Generation   52,981   41,612   138,580   107,549 Purchased Electricity for Resale   85,036   104,604   150,559   184,295 Purchased Electricity from AEP Affiliates   —   —   —   11,024 Other Operation   61,028   62,785   121,793   121,496 Maintenance   25,943   29,678   47,083   54,423 Depreciation and Amortization   29,782   24,607   59,316   48,589 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   9,238   6,651   18,516   18,620 TOTAL EXPENSES   264,008   269,937   535,847   545,996                   OPERATING INCOME   55,496   48,878   90,429   74,204                   Other Income (Expense):                 Interest Income   92   4   128   1 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   2,283   590   3,610   2,021 Interest Expense   (14,852 )   (13,779 )   (29,422 )   (27,096 )                   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE   43,019   35,693   64,745   49,130                   Income Tax Expense   15,921   13,244   23,962   18,233                   NET INCOME   $ 27,098   $ 22,449   $ 40,783   $ 30,897 The common stock of PSO is wholly-owned by AEP.           See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 150 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 Net Income   $ 27,098   $ 22,449   $ 40,783   $ 30,897                   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS, NET OF TAXES                 Cash Flow Hedges, Net of Tax of $103 and $103 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $205 and $235 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively   (190 )   (190 )   (380 )   (436 )                   TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   $ 26,908   $ 22,259   $ 40,403   $ 30,461 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 151 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)   Common  Stock   Paid-in  Capital   Retained  Earnings   Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)   Total TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2013 $ 157,230   $ 364,037   $ 415,076   $ 5,758   $ 942,101                     Net Income         30,897       30,897 Other Comprehensive Loss             (436 )   (436 ) TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2014 $ 157,230   $ 364,037   $ 445,973   $ 5,322   $ 972,562                     TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2014 $ 157,230   $ 364,037   $ 502,005   $ 4,943   $ 1,028,215                     Net Income         40,783       40,783 Other Comprehensive Loss             (380 )   (380 ) TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2015 $ 157,230   $ 364,037   $ 542,788   $ 4,563   $ 1,068,618 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 152 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and Cash Equivalents   $ 1,273   $ 1,352 Advances to Affiliates   64,212   — Accounts Receivable:         Customers   36,527   28,448 Affiliated Companies   22,410   22,114 Miscellaneous   3,549   6,026 Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts   (56 )   (147 ) Total Accounts Receivable   62,430   56,441 Fuel   14,584   16,436 Materials and Supplies   53,195   50,880 Risk Management Assets   1,731   — Deferred Income Tax Benefits   5,182   — Accrued Tax Benefits   27,226   24,369 Regulatory Asset for Under-Recovered Fuel Costs   —   35,699 Prepayments and Other Current Assets   4,802   6,524 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS   234,635   191,701           PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT         Electric:         Generation   1,292,305   1,264,724 Transmission   798,209   788,911 Distribution   2,162,261   2,080,221 Other Property, Plant and Equipment (Including Plant to be Retired)   432,397   421,568 Construction Work in Progress   244,404   204,753 Total Property, Plant and Equipment   4,929,576   4,760,177 Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization   1,363,314   1,319,554 TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  –  NET   3,566,262   3,440,623           OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS         Regulatory Assets   170,834   154,327 Long-term Risk Management Assets   29   — Employee Benefits and Pension Assets   20,583   19,335 Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets   23,711   7,557 TOTAL OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS   215,157   181,219           TOTAL ASSETS   $ 4,016,054   $ 3,813,543 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 153 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014     (in thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Advances from Affiliates   $ —   $ 154,249 Accounts Payable:         General   89,073   92,672 Affiliated Companies   55,424   51,744 Long-term Debt Due Within One Year – Nonaffiliated   434   427 Risk Management Liabilities   129   918 Customer Deposits   50,443   48,700 Accrued Taxes   36,266   20,887 Accrued Interest   16,142   12,699 Regulatory Liability for Over-Recovered Fuel Costs   15,894   — Other Current Liabilities   43,867   58,878 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES   307,672   441,174           NONCURRENT LIABILITIES         Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   1,290,561   1,040,609 Deferred Income Taxes   937,651   898,352 Regulatory Liabilities and Deferred Investment Tax Credits   335,164   334,479 Asset Retirement Obligations   41,980   37,030 Employee Benefits and Pension Obligations   15,423   20,095 Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities   18,985   13,589 TOTAL NONCURRENT LIABILITIES   2,639,764   2,344,154           TOTAL LIABILITIES   2,947,436   2,785,328           Rate Matters (Note 4)     Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)               COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY         Common Stock – Par Value – $15 Per Share:         Authorized – 11,000,000 Shares         Issued – 10,482,000 Shares         Outstanding – 9,013,000 Shares   157,230   157,230 Paid-in Capital   364,037   364,037 Retained Earnings   542,788   502,005 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   4,563   4,943 TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY   1,068,618   1,028,215           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND COMMON SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY   $ 4,016,054   $ 3,813,543 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 154 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015  and  2014 (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net Income   $ 40,783   $ 30,897 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities:         Depreciation and Amortization   59,316   48,589 Deferred Income Taxes   24,672   28,493 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   (3,610 )   (2,021 ) Mark-to-Market of Risk Management Contracts   (2,549 )   578 Pension Contributions to Qualified Plan Trust   (5,795 )   (4,439 ) Property Taxes   (16,099 )   (15,940 ) Fuel Over/Under-Recovery, Net   51,593   (38,554 ) Change in Other Noncurrent Assets   (14,048 )   (10,411 ) Change in Other Noncurrent Liabilities   4,492   (3,079 ) Changes in Certain Components of Working Capital:         Accounts Receivable, Net   (5,989 )   (4,382 ) Fuel, Materials and Supplies   (463 )   3,330 Accounts Payable   5,482   959 Accrued Taxes, Net   12,522   (1,116 ) Other Current Assets   644   (1,386 ) Other Current Liabilities   (3,582 )   9,888 Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities   147,369   41,406           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction Expenditures   (180,164 )   (170,565 ) Change in Advances to Affiliates, Net   (64,212 )   — Other Investing Activities   3,636   1,560 Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities   (240,740 )   (169,005 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Issuance of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   248,785   74,975 Change in Advances from Affiliates, Net   (154,249 )   88,028 Retirement of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   (212 )   (33,906 ) Principal Payments for Capital Lease Obligations   (1,762 )   (1,731 ) Other Financing Activities   730   583 Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities   93,292   127,949           Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents   (79 )   350 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period   1,352   1,277 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period   $ 1,273   $ 1,627           SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION         Cash Paid for Interest, Net of Capitalized Amounts   $ 25,353   $ 26,684 Net Cash Paid for Income Taxes   4,228   2,463 Noncash Acquisitions Under Capital Leases   1,389   1,190 Construction Expenditures Included in Current Liabilities as of June 30,   30,881   40,150 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 155 PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA INDEX OF CONDENSED NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF REGISTRANT SUBSIDIARIES The condensed notes to PSO’s condensed financial statements are combined with the condensed notes to condensed financial statements for other registrant subsidiaries.  Listed below are the notes that apply to PSO.   Page  Number     Significant Accounting Matters 172 New Accounting Pronouncements 173 Comprehensive Income 175 Rate Matters 193 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 202 Benefit Plans 206 Business Segments 209 Derivatives and Hedging 210 Fair Value Measurements 224 Income Taxes 237 Financing Activities 238 Variable Interest Entities 242 Property, Plant and Equipment 247 Disposition Plant Severance 248 156 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED 157 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED MANAGEMENT’S NARRATIVE DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW Regulatory Activity 2012 Texas Base Rate Case Upon rehearing in January 2014, the PUCT reversed its initial ruling and determined that AFUDC was excluded from the Turk Plant’s Texas jurisdictional capital cost cap.  As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2013, SWEPCo reversed $114 million of previously recorded regulatory disallowances.  The resulting annual base rate increase is approximately $52 million.  In May 2014, intervenors filed appeals of the order with the Texas District Court.  In June 2014, SWEPCo intervened in those appeals and filed initial responses.  If certain parts of the PUCT order are overturned it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  See the “2012 Texas Base Rate Case” section of SWEPCo Rate Matters in Note  4 . 2012 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In 2012, SWEPCo initiated a proceeding to establish new formula base rates in Louisiana, including recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant.  In February 2013, a settlement was approved by the LPSC that increased SWEPCo's Louisiana total rates by approximately $2 million annually, effective March 2013.  The March 2013 base rates are based upon a 10% return on common equity and cost recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant and Stall Unit, subject to refund.  The settlement also provided that the LPSC will review base rates in 2014 and 2015 and that SWEPCo will recover non-fuel Turk Plant costs and a full weighted-average cost of capital return on the prudently incurred Turk Plant investment in jurisdictional rate base, effective January 2013.  In December 2014, the LPSC approved a settlement agreement related to the staff review of the cost of service.  The settlement agreement reduced the requested revenue increase by $3 million, primarily due to the timing of both the allowed recovery of certain existing regulatory assets and the establishment of a regulatory asset for certain previously expensed costs.  If the LPSC orders refunds based upon the pending prudence review of the Turk Plant investment, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  See the “2012 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing” section of SWEPCo Rate Matters in Note  4 .  2014 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In April 2014, SWEPCo filed its annual formula rate plan for test year 2013 with the LPSC.  The filing included a $5 million annual increase, which was effective August 2014.  SWEPCo also proposed to increase rates by an additional $15 million annually, effective January 2015, for a total annual increase of $20 million.  This additional increase reflects the cost of incremental generation to be used to serve Louisiana customers in 2015 due to the expiration of a purchase power agreement attributable to Louisiana customers.  In December 2014, the LPSC approved a partial settlement agreement that included the implementation of the $15 million annual increase in rates effective January 2015.  These increases are subject to LPSC staff review and are subject to refund.   If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.   2015 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In April 2015, SWEPCo filed its formula rate plan for test year 2014 with the LPSC.  The filing included a $14 million annual increase, which will be effective August 2015.  This increase is subject to LPSC staff review and is subject to refund.   If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 158 Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 - Environmental Projects To comply with pending Federal EPA regulations, SWEPCo is currently constructing environmental control projects to meet mercury and air toxics standards for Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 at a cost of approximately $410 million, excluding AFUDC.  Management currently estimates that the total environmental projects to be completed through 2020 for Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 will cost approximately $600 million, excluding AFUDC.  As of  June 30, 2015 , SWEPCo has incurred costs of $256 million, including AFUDC, and has remaining contractual construction obligations of $89 million   related to these projects.  SWEPCo will seek recovery of these project costs from customers through filings at the state commissions and the FERC.  See "Mercury and Other Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) Regulation" and "Climate Change, CO 2  Regulation and Energy Policy" sections of “Environmental Issues” within “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries”.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value of Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 was $484 million, before cost of removal, including materials and supplies inventory and CWIP.  If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.   Merchant Portion of Turk Plant SWEPCo constructed the Turk Plant, a base load 600 MW pulverized coal ultra-supercritical generating unit in Arkansas, which was placed into service in December 2012 and is included in the Vertically Integrated segment.  SWEPCo owns 73% (440 MW) of the Turk Plant and operates the facility. The APSC granted approval for SWEPCo to build the Turk Plant by issuing a Certificate of Environmental Compatibility and Public Need (CECPN) for the SWEPCo Arkansas jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant (approximately 20%).  Following an appeal by certain intervenors, the Arkansas Supreme Court issued a decision that reversed the APSC’s grant of the CECPN.  In June 2010, in response to an Arkansas Supreme Court decision, the APSC issued an order which reversed and set aside the previously granted CECPN.  This share of the Turk Plant output is currently not subject to cost-based rate recovery and is being sold into the wholesale market.  Approximately 80% of the Turk Plant investment is recovered under cost-based rate recovery in Texas, Louisiana, and through SWEPCo’s wholesale customers under FERC-based rates. If SWEPCo cannot ultimately recover its investment and expenses related to the Turk Plant, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Litigation and Environmental Issues In the ordinary course of business, SWEPCo is involved in employment, commercial, environmental and regulatory litigation.  Since it is difficult to predict the outcome of these proceedings, management cannot predict the eventual resolution, timing or amount of any loss, fine or penalty.  Management assesses the probability of loss for each contingency and accrues a liability for cases which have a probable likelihood of loss if the loss can be estimated.  For details on regulatory proceedings and pending litigation, see Note 4 - Rate Matters and Note 6 - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies in the  2014  Annual Report.  Also, see Note  4  - Rate Matters and Note  5  - Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies within the Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements beginning on page  171 .  Adverse results in these proceedings have the potential to reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. See the “Executive Overview” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” section beginning on page  249  for additional discussion of relevant factors. 159 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS KWh Sales/Degree Days Summary of KWh Energy Sales   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in millions of KWhs) Retail:               Residential 1,342   1,278   3,048   3,025 Commercial 1,557   1,446   2,923   2,839 Industrial 1,414   1,565   2,660   2,942 Miscellaneous 22   20   41   40 Total Retail 4,335   4,309   8,672   8,846                 Wholesale 1,850   2,285   4,632   4,564                 Total KWhs 6,185   6,594   13,304   13,410 Heating degree days and cooling degree days are metrics commonly used in the utility industry as a measure of the impact of weather on revenues. Summary of Heating and Cooling Degree Days   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in degree days) Actual - Heating (a) 8   45   920   1,039 Normal - Heating (b) 26   26   732   747                 Actual - Cooling (c) 762   675   778   685 Normal - Cooling (b) 734   725   767   758 (a) Western Region heating degree days are calculated on a 55 degree temperature base. (b) Normal Heating/Cooling represents the thirty-year average of degree days. (c) Western Region cooling degree days are calculated on a 65 degree temperature base. 160 Second Quarter of 2015  Compared to  Second Quarter of 2014 Reconciliation of Second Quarter of 2014 to Second Quarter of 2015 Earnings Attributable to SWEPCo Common Shareholder (in millions)       Second Quarter of 2014   $ 32       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins (a)   42 Off-system Sales   (4 ) Transmission Revenues   2 Other Revenues   (2 ) Total Change in Gross Margin   38       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   (3 ) Depreciation and Amortization   (2 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (1 ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   4 Total Change in Expenses and Other   (2 )       Income Tax Expense   (10 )       Second Quarter of 2015   $ 58 (a) Includes firm wholesale sales to municipals and cooperatives. The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $42 million primarily due to the following: • A $19 million increase in municipal and cooperative revenues primarily due to formula rate adjustments. • A $10 million increase primarily due to revenue increases from rate riders in Louisiana and Texas.  • A $5 million increase primarily due to higher weather-normalized retail sales. • A $4 million increase in weather-related usage primarily due to a 13% increase in cooling degree days, partially offset by a decrease in heating degree days. • A $4 million increase primarily due to higher fuel cost recovery. • Margins from Off-system Sales  decreased $4 million primarily due to decreased sales volumes and lower market prices. Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses increased $3 million primarily due to the following: • A $3 million increase in distribution expenses primarily due to increased vegetation management expenses. • A $3 million increase in transmission expenses primarily due to increased SPP transmission services. • A $2 million increase in generation plant expenses. These increases were partially offset by: • A $2 million decrease in general and administrative expenses. • A $2 million decrease in energy efficiency program expenses. • Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction  increased $4 million primarily due to increased environmental and transmission projects. • Income Tax Expense  increased $10 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income, partially offset by other book/tax differences which are accounted for on a flow-through basis. 161 Six Months Ended June 30, 2015  Compared to  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Reconciliation of Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 to Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Earnings Attributable to SWEPCo Common Shareholder (in millions)       Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   $ 54       Changes in Gross Margin:     Retail Margins (a)   68 Off-system Sales   (6 ) Transmission Revenues   1 Other Revenues   (2 ) Total Change in Gross Margin   61       Changes in Expenses and Other:     Other Operation and Maintenance   3 Depreciation and Amortization   (3 ) Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   (2 ) Interest Income   1 Allowance For Equity Funds Used During Construction   7 Interest Expense   2 Total Change in Expenses and Other   8       Income Tax Expense   (19 )       Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   $ 104 (a) Includes firm wholesale sales to municipals and cooperatives. The major components of the increase in Gross Margin, defined as revenues less the related direct cost of fuel, including consumption of chemicals and emissions allowances, and purchased electricity were as follows: • Retail Margins  increased $68 million primarily due to the following: • A $22 million increase in municipal and cooperative revenues primarily due to formula rate adjustments.  • A $21 million increase primarily due to revenue increases from rate riders in Louisiana and Texas. • A $19 million increase primarily due to higher fuel cost recovery. • A $6 million increase in weather-related usage primarily due to a 14% increase in cooling degree days, partially offset by a decrease in heating degree days. • Margins from Off-system Sales  decreased $6 million primarily due to lower market prices.   Expenses and Other and Income Tax Expense changed between years as follows: • Other Operation and Maintenance  expenses decreased $3 million primarily due to the following: • A $4 million decrease in general and administrative expenses. • A $4 million decrease in generation plant expenses. • A $3 million decrease in energy efficiency program and customer collection-related expenses. These decreases were partially offset by: • A $5 million increase in transmission expenses primarily due to increased SPP transmission services. • A $4 million increase in distribution expenses primarily due to increased vegetation management expenses. • Depreciation and Amortization  expenses increased $3 million primarily due to a higher depreciable base. • Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction  increased $7 million primarily due to increased environmental and transmission projects. • Income Tax Expense  increased $19 million primarily due to an increase in pretax book income, partially offset by other book/tax differences which are accounted for on a flow-through basis. 162 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES, NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See the “Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” in the  2014  Annual Report for a discussion of the estimates and judgments required for regulatory accounting, revenue recognition, derivative instruments, the valuation of long-lived assets and pension and other postretirement benefits. See the “Accounting Pronouncements” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” beginning on page  249  for a discussion of accounting pronouncements. 163 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended     June 30,   June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014 REVENUES                 Electric Generation, Transmission and Distribution   $ 433,187   $ 444,652   $ 861,722   $ 871,279 Sales to AEP Affiliates   4,486   3,947   7,156   17,545 Other Revenues   364   684   868   1,049 TOTAL REVENUES   438,037   449,283   869,746   889,873                   EXPENSES                 Fuel and Other Consumables Used for Electric Generation   125,365   161,116   283,097   306,703 Purchased Electricity for Resale   27,188   40,255   47,202   101,420 Purchased Electricity from AEP Affiliates   —   —   —   3,766 Other Operation   67,899   69,304   133,444   137,841 Maintenance   38,237   33,668   65,651   64,079 Depreciation and Amortization   47,964   45,864   94,918   91,525 Taxes Other Than Income Taxes   21,316   20,289   43,048   41,026 TOTAL EXPENSES   327,969   370,496   667,360   746,360                   OPERATING INCOME   110,068   78,787   202,386   143,513                   Other Income (Expense):                 Interest Income   1,184   206   1,164   92 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   5,882   2,197   11,111   4,278 Interest Expense   (31,945 )   (31,738 )   (62,160 )   (63,614 )                   INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND EQUITY EARNINGS   85,189   49,452   152,501   84,269                   Income Tax Expense   26,887   17,045   48,059   29,210 Equity Earnings of Unconsolidated Subsidiary   1,124   416   1,721   726                   NET INCOME   59,426   32,823   106,163   55,785                   Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest   956   1,126   1,989   2,228                   EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO SWEPCo COMMON SHAREHOLDER   $ 58,470   $ 31,697   $ 104,174   $ 53,557 The common stock of SWEPCo is wholly-owned by AEP.           See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 164 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) For the  Three and Six  Months Ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)   Three Months Ended   Six Months Ended   June 30,   June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014 Net Income $ 59,426   $ 32,823   $ 106,163   $ 55,785                 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAXES               Cash Flow Hedges, Net of Tax of $306 and $306 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $611 and $576 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively 567   567   1,134   1,069 Amortization of Pension and OPEB Deferred Costs, Net of Tax of $129 and $127 for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively, and $258 and $253 for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 and 2014, Respectively (239 )   (235 )   (479 )   (469 )                 TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 328   332   655   600                 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 59,754   33,155   106,818   56,385                 Total Comprehensive Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 956   1,126   1,989   2,228                 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO SWEPCo COMMON SHAREHOLDER $ 58,798   $ 32,029   $ 104,829   $ 54,157 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 165 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015  and  2014 (in thousands) (Unaudited)     SWEPCo Common Shareholder           Common  Stock   Paid-in  Capital   Retained  Earnings   Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Income (Loss)   Noncontrolling  Interest   Total TOTAL EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2013 $ 135,660   $ 674,606   $ 1,253,617   $ (8,444 )   $ 478   $ 2,055,917                         Common Stock Dividends         (50,000 )           (50,000 ) Common Stock Dividends – Nonaffiliated                 (2,309 )   (2,309 ) Net Income         53,557       2,228   55,785 Other Comprehensive Income             600       600 TOTAL EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2014 $ 135,660   $ 674,606   $ 1,257,174   $ (7,844 )   $ 397   $ 2,059,993                         TOTAL EQUITY - DECEMBER 31, 2014 $ 135,660   $ 674,606   $ 1,293,986   $ (7,466 )   $ 415   $ 2,097,201                         Common Stock Dividends         (60,000 )           (60,000 ) Common Stock Dividends – Nonaffiliated                 (2,107 )   (2,107 ) Net Income         104,174       1,989   106,163 Other Comprehensive Income             655       655 TOTAL EQUITY - JUNE 30, 2015 $ 135,660   $ 674,606   $ 1,338,160   $ (6,811 )   $ 297   $ 2,141,912 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 166 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS ASSETS June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 (in thousands) (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 CURRENT ASSETS         Cash and Cash Equivalents  (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $6,436 and $12,695, Respectively, Related to Sabine)   $ 8,017   $ 14,356 Advances to Affiliates   179,709   41,033 Accounts Receivable:         Customers   72,169   46,738 Affiliated Companies   24,986   37,114 Miscellaneous   26,675   25,625 Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts   (39 )   (516 ) Total Accounts Receivable   123,791   108,961 Fuel  (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $30,020 and $38,920, Respectively, Related to Sabine)   105,171   116,955 Materials and Supplies   73,297   73,666 Risk Management Assets   2,077   31 Deferred Income Tax Benefits   9,610   9,041 Accrued Tax Benefits   9,423   15,408 Regulatory Asset for Under-Recovered Fuel Costs   19,118   24,024 Prepayments and Other Current Assets   23,912   25,779 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS   554,125   429,254           PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT         Electric:         Generation   3,927,856   3,864,543 Transmission   1,344,858   1,300,729 Distribution   1,928,523   1,894,572 Other Property, Plant and Equipment (Including Plant to be Retired) (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $291,642 and $288,183, Respectively, Related to Sabine)   891,788   878,753 Construction Work in Progress   577,984   471,980 Total Property, Plant and Equipment   8,671,009   8,410,577 Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization  (June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014 Amounts Include $149,588 and $142,983, Respectively, Related to Sabine)   2,579,758   2,503,290 TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  –  NET   6,091,251   5,907,287           OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS         Regulatory Assets   417,551   393,602 Long-term Risk Management Assets   33   — Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets   120,330   86,750 TOTAL OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS   537,914   480,352           TOTAL ASSETS   $ 7,183,290   $ 6,816,893 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 167 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 (Unaudited)     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014     (in thousands) CURRENT LIABILITIES         Accounts Payable:         General   $ 138,971   $ 175,109 Affiliated Companies   82,129   67,410 Long-term Debt Due Within One Year – Nonaffiliated   153,250   306,750 Risk Management Liabilities   2,523   1,082 Customer Deposits   60,741   59,903 Accrued Taxes   74,559   43,965 Accrued Interest   46,139   44,328 Obligations Under Capital Leases   17,358   17,557 Other Current Liabilities   62,108   104,553 TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES   637,778   820,657           NONCURRENT LIABILITIES         Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   2,282,228   1,833,687 Deferred Income Taxes   1,397,455   1,351,111 Regulatory Liabilities and Deferred Investment Tax Credits   460,854   458,530 Asset Retirement Obligations   107,688   92,015 Employee Benefits and Pension Obligations   24,496   25,374 Obligations Under Capital Leases   83,245   91,044 Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities   47,634   47,274 TOTAL NONCURRENT LIABILITIES   4,403,600   3,899,035           TOTAL LIABILITIES   5,041,378   4,719,692           Rate Matters (Note 4)     Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5)               EQUITY         Common Stock – Par Value – $18 Per Share:         Authorized – 7,600,000 Shares         Outstanding – 7,536,640 Shares   135,660   135,660 Paid-in Capital   674,606   674,606 Retained Earnings   1,338,160   1,293,986 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (6,811 )   (7,466 ) TOTAL COMMON SHAREHOLDER’S EQUITY   2,141,615   2,096,786           Noncontrolling Interest   297   415           TOTAL EQUITY   2,141,912   2,097,201           TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   $ 7,183,290   $ 6,816,893 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 168 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015  and  2014   (in thousands) (Unaudited)     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 OPERATING ACTIVITIES         Net Income   $ 106,163   $ 55,785 Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities:         Depreciation and Amortization   94,918   91,525 Deferred Income Taxes   31,457   179,336 Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction   (11,111 )   (4,278 ) Mark-to-Market of Risk Management Contracts   (639 )   593 Pension Contributions to Qualified Plan Trust   (8,052 )   (3,832 ) Property Taxes   (26,093 )   (25,053 ) Fuel Over/Under-Recovery, Net   4,906   (18,825 ) Change in Other Noncurrent Assets   (4,443 )   8,034 Change in Other Noncurrent Liabilities   (454 )   (3,464 ) Changes in Certain Components of Working Capital:         Accounts Receivable, Net   (14,732 )   21,194 Fuel, Materials and Supplies   12,153   22,914 Accounts Payable   (3,174 )   8,186 Accrued Taxes, Net   36,579   (108,460 ) Other Current Assets   1,428   (3,310 ) Other Current Liabilities   (40,627 )   (10,700 ) Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities   178,279   209,645           INVESTING ACTIVITIES         Construction Expenditures   (268,423 )   (220,968 ) Change in Advances to Affiliates, Net   (138,676 )   — Other Investing Activities   2,138   3,394 Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities   (404,961 )   (217,574 )           FINANCING ACTIVITIES         Issuance of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   445,949   — Change in Advances from Affiliates, Net   —   69,918 Retirement of Long-term Debt – Nonaffiliated   (155,125 )   (1,625 ) Principal Payments for Capital Lease Obligations   (9,138 )   (9,156 ) Dividends Paid on Common Stock   (60,000 )   (50,000 ) Dividends Paid on Common Stock – Nonaffiliated   (2,107 )   (2,309 ) Other Financing Activities   764   831 Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities   220,343   7,659           Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents   (6,339 )   (270 ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period   14,356   17,241 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period   $ 8,017   $ 16,971           SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION         Cash Paid for Interest, Net of Capitalized Amounts   $ 55,799   $ 60,001 Net Cash Paid (Received) for Income Taxes   9,628   (7,556 ) Noncash Acquisitions Under Capital Leases   1,162   3,354 Construction Expenditures Included in Current Liabilities as of June 30,   73,626   63,813 See Condensed Notes to Condensed Financial Statements of Registrant Subsidiaries beginning on page  171 . 169 SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED INDEX OF CONDENSED NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF REGISTRANT SUBSIDIARIES The condensed notes to SWEPCo’s condensed financial statements are combined with the condensed notes to condensed financial statements for other registrant subsidiaries.  Listed below are the notes that apply to SWEPCo.   Page  Number     Significant Accounting Matters 172 New Accounting Pronouncements 173 Comprehensive Income 175 Rate Matters 193 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies 202 Benefit Plans 206 Business Segments 209 Derivatives and Hedging 210 Fair Value Measurements 224 Income Taxes 237 Financing Activities 238 Variable Interest Entities 242 Property, Plant and Equipment 247 Disposition Plant Severance 248 170 INDEX OF CONDENSED NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF REGISTRANT SUBSIDIARIES The condensed notes to condensed financial statements that follow are a combined presentation for the Registrant Subsidiaries.  The following list indicates the registrants to which the footnotes apply:     Page Number       Significant Accounting Matters APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 172 New Accounting Pronouncements APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 173 Comprehensive Income APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 175 Rate Matters APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 193 Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 202 Benefit Plans APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 206 Business Segments APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 209 Derivatives and Hedging APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 210 Fair Value Measurements APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 224 Income Taxes APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 237 Financing Activities APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 238 Variable Interest Entities APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 242 Property, Plant and Equipment APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 247 Disposition Plant Severance APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO, SWEPCo 248 171 1 .   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING MATTERS General The unaudited condensed financial statements and footnotes were prepared in accordance with GAAP for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.  Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete annual financial statements. In the opinion of management, the unaudited condensed interim financial statements reflect all normal and recurring accruals and adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the net income, financial position and cash flows for the interim periods for each Registrant Subsidiary.  Net income for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  is not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the year ending December 31,  2015 .  The condensed financial statements are unaudited and should be read in conjunction with the audited  2014  financial statements and notes thereto, which are included in the Registrant Subsidiaries’ Annual Reports on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on February 20,  2015 . 172 2 .   NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Upon issuance of final pronouncements, management reviews the new accounting literature to determine its relevance, if any, to the Registrant Subsidiaries’ business.  The following final pronouncements will impact the financial statements. ASU 2014-08 “Presentation of Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment” (ASU 2014-08) In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-08 changing the presentation of discontinued operations on the statements of income and other requirements for reporting discontinued operations.  Under the new standard, a disposal of a component or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results when the component meets the criteria to be classified as held-for-sale or is disposed.  The amendments in this update also require additional disclosures about discontinued operations and disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations.  This standard must be prospectively applied to all reporting periods presented in financial reports issued after the effective date. The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2014.  If applicable, this standard will change the presentation of financial statements but will not affect the calculation of net income, comprehensive income or earnings per share.  Management adopted ASU 2014-08 effective January 1, 2015.  There were no events requiring the application of this new accounting guidance.  ASU 2014-09 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (ASU 2014-09) In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09 clarifying the method used to determine the timing and requirements for revenue recognition on the statements of income.  Under the new standard, an entity must identify the performance obligations in a contract, the transaction price and allocate the price to specific performance obligations to recognize the revenue when the obligation is completed.  The amendments in this update also require disclosure of sufficient information to allow users to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flow arising from contracts. The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is not permitted.  As applicable, this standard may change the amount of revenue recognized in the income statements in each reporting period.  Management is analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on revenue or net income.  Management plans to adopt ASU 2014-09 effective January 1, 2017. ASU 2015-01 “Income Statement  –  Extraordinary and Unusual Items” (ASU 2015-01) In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-01 eliminating the concept of extraordinary items for presentation on the face of the income statement.  Under the new standard, a material event or transaction that is unusual in nature, infrequent or both shall be reported as a separate component of income from continuing operations.  Alternatively, it may be disclosed in the notes to financial statements. The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  Early adoption is permitted if applied from the beginning of a fiscal year.  As applicable, this standard may change the presentation of amounts in the income statements.  Management plans to adopt ASU 2015-01 effective January 1, 2016. ASU 2015-03 “Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs” (ASU 2015-03) In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03 to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance sheets.  Under the new standard, debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability will be presented on the balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with discounts.  The Registrant Subsidiaries include debt issuance costs in Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets on the condensed balance sheets.  Debt issuance costs represent less than 1% of total long-term debt. 173 The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted.  Management intends to early adopt ASU 2015-03 for the 2015 Form 10-K. ASU 2015-05 “Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement” (ASU 2015-05) In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05 to provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted.  Management is analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on net income.  Management plans to adopt ASU 2015-05 effective January 1, 2016.  ASU 2015-11 “Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory” (ASU 2015-11) In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 to simplify the guidance on the subsequent measurement of inventory, excluding inventory measured using last-in, first out or the retail inventory method.  Under the new standard, inventory should be at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted.  Management is analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on net income.  Management plans to adopt ASU 2015-11 effective January 1, 2017. 174 3 .   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Presentation of Comprehensive Income The following tables provide the components of changes in AOCI for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 .  All amounts in the following tables are presented net of related income taxes. APCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2015   $ —   $ 4,025   $ 678   $ 4,703 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   2   (458 )   (456 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   —   2   (458 )   (456 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ 4,027   $ 220   $ 4,247 APCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2014   $ 87   $ 3,343   $ (566 )   $ 2,864 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   103   —   —   103 Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   (190 )   253   (333 )   (270 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (87 )   253   (333 )   (167 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ 3,596   $ (899 )   $ 2,697 175 APCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2014   $ —   $ 3,896   $ 1,136   $ 5,032 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   131   (916 )   (785 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   —   131   (916 )   (785 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ 4,027   $ 220   $ 4,247 APCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2013   $ 94   $ 3,090   $ (233 )   $ 2,951 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   1,686   —   —   1,686 Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   (1,780 )   506   (666 )   (1,940 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (94 )   506   (666 )   (254 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ 3,596   $ (899 )   $ 2,697 176 I&M Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2015   $ —   $ (14,139 )   $ 58   $ (14,081 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   268   10   278 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income   —   268   10   278 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ (13,871 )   $ 68   $ (13,803 ) I&M Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2014   $ 61   $ (15,566 )   $ 464   $ (15,041 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   68   —   —   68 Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   (129 )   411   43   325 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (61 )   411   43   393 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ (15,155 )   $ 507   $ (14,648 ) 177 I&M Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2014   $ —   $ (14,406 )   $ 46   $ (14,360 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   535   22   557 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income   —   535   22   557 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ (13,871 )   $ 68   $ (13,803 ) I&M Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2013   $ 46   $ (15,976 )   $ 421   $ (15,509 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   1,130   —   —   1,130 Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   (1,176 )   821   86   (269 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (46 )   821   86   861 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ (15,155 )   $ 507   $ (14,648 ) 178 OPCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges         Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2015   $ —   $ 5,259   $ 5,259 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   (343 )   (343 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss   —   (343 )   (343 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ 4,916   $ 4,916   OPCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges         Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2014   $ —   $ 6,631   $ 6,631 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   (343 )   (343 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss   —   (343 )   (343 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ 6,288   $ 6,288 179 OPCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges         Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2014   $ —   $ 5,602   $ 5,602 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   (686 )   (686 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss   —   (686 )   (686 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ 4,916   $ 4,916 OPCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges         Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2013   $ 105   $ 6,974   $ 7,079 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   (105 )   (686 )   (791 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss   (105 )   (686 )   (791 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ 6,288   $ 6,288 180 PSO Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges         Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2015   $ —   $ 4,753   $ 4,753 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   (190 )   (190 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss   —   (190 )   (190 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ 4,563   $ 4,563   PSO Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges         Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2014   $ —   $ 5,512   $ 5,512 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   (190 )   (190 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss   —   (190 )   (190 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ 5,322   $ 5,322 181 PSO Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges         Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2014   $ —   $ 4,943   $ 4,943 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   (380 )   (380 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss   —   (380 )   (380 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ 4,563   $ 4,563 PSO Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges         Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2013   $ 57   $ 5,701   $ 5,758 Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   (57 )   (379 )   (436 ) Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Loss   (57 )   (379 )   (436 ) Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ 5,322   $ 5,322 182 SWEPCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2015   $ —   $ (10,469 )   $ 3,330   $ (7,139 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   567   (239 )   328 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   —   567   (239 )   328 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ (9,902 )   $ 3,091   $ (6,811 ) SWEPCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of March 31, 2014   $ —   $ (12,736 )   $ 4,560   $ (8,176 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   567   (235 )   332 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   —   567   (235 )   332 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ (12,169 )   $ 4,325   $ (7,844 ) 183 SWEPCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2015       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2014   $ —   $ (11,036 )   $ 3,570   $ (7,466 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   —   1,134   (479 )   655 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   —   1,134   (479 )   655 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2015   $ —   $ (9,902 )   $ 3,091   $ (6,811 ) SWEPCo Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) by Component For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014       Cash Flow Hedges             Commodity   Interest Rate and  Foreign Currency   Pension  and OPEB   Total     (in thousands) Balance in AOCI as of December 31, 2013   $ 66   $ (13,304 )   $ 4,794   $ (8,444 ) Change in Fair Value Recognized in AOCI   —   —   —   — Amounts Reclassified from AOCI   (66 )   1,135   (469 )   600 Net Current Period Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   (66 )   1,135   (469 )   600 Balance in AOCI as of June 30, 2014   $ —   $ (12,169 )   $ 4,325   $ (7,844 ) 184 Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income The following tables provide details of reclassifications from AOCI for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 .  The amortization of pension and OPEB AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic pension and OPEB costs.  See Note  6  for additional details.   APCo Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Three Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Three Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Purchased Electricity for Resale   $ —   $ (64 ) Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   (228 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   (292 )           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   3   390 Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   3   390           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   3   98 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   1   35 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   2   63           Pension and OPEB         Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)   (1,283 )   (1,283 ) Amortization of Actuarial (Gains)/Losses   578   770 Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (705 )   (513 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (247 )   (180 ) Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (458 )   (333 )           Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ (456 )   $ (270 ) 185 APCo Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Purchased Electricity for Resale   $ —   $ (526 ) Other Operation Expense   —   (10 ) Maintenance Expense   —   (20 ) Property, Plant and Equipment   —   (17 ) Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   (2,165 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   (2,738 )           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   202   780 Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   202   780           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   202   (1,958 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   71   (684 ) Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   131   (1,274 )           Pension and OPEB         Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)   (2,565 )   (2,565 ) Amortization of Actuarial (Gains)/Losses   1,156   1,540 Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (1,409 )   (1,025 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (493 )   (359 ) Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (916 )   (666 )           Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ (785 )   $ (1,940 ) 186 I&M Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Three Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Three Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Purchased Electricity for Resale   $ —   $ (95 ) Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   (103 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   (198 )           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   411   631 Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   411   631           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   411   433 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   143   151 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   268   282           Pension and OPEB         Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)   (199 )   (198 ) Amortization of Actuarial (Gains)/Losses   215   262 Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   16   64 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   6   21 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   10   43           Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ 278   $ 325 187 I&M Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Purchased Electricity for Resale   $ —   $ (812 ) Other Operation Expense   —   (7 ) Maintenance Expense   —   (7 ) Property, Plant and Equipment   —   (10 ) Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   (973 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   (1,809 )           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   822   1,262 Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   822   1,262           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   822   (547 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   287   (192 ) Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   535   (355 )           Pension and OPEB         Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)   (398 )   (397 ) Amortization of Actuarial (Gains)/Losses   432   527 Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   34   130 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   12   44 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   22   86           Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ 557   $ (269 ) 188 OPCo Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Three Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Three Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Other Operation Expense   $ —   $ — Maintenance Expense   —   — Property, Plant and Equipment   —   — Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   — Subtotal – Commodity   —   —           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Depreciation and Amortization Expense   (3 )   (3 ) Interest Expense   (524 )   (524 ) Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   (527 )   (527 )           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (527 )   (527 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (184 )   (184 ) Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ (343 )   $ (343 ) OPCo Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Other Operation Expense   $ —   $ (11 ) Maintenance Expense   —   (11 ) Property, Plant and Equipment   —   (18 ) Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   (122 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   (162 )           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Depreciation and Amortization Expense   (6 )   (6 ) Interest Expense   (1,048 )   (1,048 ) Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   (1,054 )   (1,054 )           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (1,054 )   (1,216 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (368 )   (425 ) Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ (686 )   $ (791 ) 189 PSO Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Three Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Three Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Other Operation Expense   $ —   $ — Maintenance Expense   —   — Property, Plant and Equipment   —   — Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   — Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   —           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   (292 )   (292 ) Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   (292 )   (292 )           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (292 )   (292 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (102 )   (102 ) Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ (190 )   $ (190 )   PSO Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Other Operation Expense   $ —   $ (8 ) Maintenance Expense   —   (9 ) Property, Plant and Equipment   —   (13 ) Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   (58 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   (88 )           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   (584 )   (584 ) Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   (584 )   (584 )           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (584 )   (672 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (204 )   (236 ) Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ (380 )   $ (436 ) 190 SWEPCo Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the Three Months Ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Three Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Other Operation Expense   $ —   $ — Maintenance Expense   —   — Property, Plant and Equipment   —   — Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   — Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   —           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   872   872 Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   872   872           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   872   872 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   305   305 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   567   567           Pension and OPEB         Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)   (467 )   (477 ) Amortization of Actuarial (Gains)/Losses   99   115 Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (368 )   (362 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (129 )   (127 ) Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (239 )   (235 )           Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ 328   $ 332   191 SWEPCo Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the  Six Months Ended   June 30, 2015 and 2014       Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Gains and Losses on Cash Flow Hedges   (in thousands) Commodity:         Other Operation Expense   $ —   $ (13 ) Maintenance Expense   —   (10 ) Property, Plant and Equipment   —   (11 ) Regulatory Assets/(Liabilities), Net (a)   —   (67 ) Subtotal  –  Commodity   —   (101 )           Interest Rate and Foreign Currency:         Interest Expense   1,744   1,744 Subtotal  –  Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   1,744   1,744           Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   1,744   1,643 Income Tax (Expense) Credit   610   574 Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   1,134   1,069           Pension and OPEB         Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit)   (934 )   (955 ) Amortization of Actuarial (Gains)/Losses   197   233 Reclassifications from AOCI, before Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (737 )   (722 ) Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (258 )   (253 ) Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   (479 )   (469 )           Total Reclassifications from AOCI, Net of Income Tax (Expense) Credit   $ 655   $ 600 (a) Represents realized gains and losses subject to regulatory accounting treatment recorded as either current or noncurrent on the condensed balance sheets. 192 4 .   RATE MATTERS As discussed in the  2014  Annual Report, the Registrant Subsidiaries are involved in rate and regulatory proceedings at the FERC and their state commissions.  The Rate Matters note within the  2014  Annual Report should be read in conjunction with this report to gain a complete understanding of material rate matters still pending that could impact net income, cash flows and possibly financial condition.  The following discusses ratemaking developments in  2015  and updates the  2014  Annual Report.   Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval     APCo     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 Noncurrent Regulatory Assets   (in thousands)           Regulatory Assets Currently Earning a Return         Materials and Supplies Related to Retired Plants   $ 7,588   $ — Vegetation Management Program  –  West Virginia   —   19,089 Regulatory Assets Currently Not Earning a Return         Asset Retirement Obligation Costs Related to Retired Plants   24,399   — Demand Response Program Costs – Virginia   10,781   8,791 Amos Plant Transfer Costs – West Virginia   1,950   1,377 Storm Related Costs  –  West Virginia   —   65,206 Carbon Capture and Storage Product Validation Facility – West Virginia, FERC   —   13,264 IGCC Pre-Construction Costs  –  West Virginia, FERC   —   10,838 Expanded Net Energy Charge  –  Coal Inventory   —   3,421 Expanded Net Energy Charge  –  Construction Surcharge   —   2,307 Carbon Capture and Storage Commercial Scale Facility  –  West Virginia, FERC   —   1,287 Other Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   168   168 Total Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   $ 44,886   $ 125,748     I&M     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 Noncurrent Regulatory Assets   (in thousands)           Regulatory Assets Currently Earning a Return         Materials and Supplies Related to Retired Plants   $ 11,722   $ — Regulatory Assets Currently Not Earning a Return         Asset Retirement Obligation Costs Related to Retired Plants   27,079   — Cook Plant Turbine   8,169   6,596 Stranded Costs on Abandoned Plants   3,897   3,897 Deferred Cook Plant Life Cycle Management Project Costs  –  Michigan   2,721   1,222 Storm Related Costs  –  Indiana   857   1,074 Other Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   547   860 Total Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   $ 54,992   $ 13,649 193     OPCo     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 Noncurrent Regulatory Assets   (in thousands)           Regulatory Assets Currently Not Earning a Return         Ormet Special Rate Recovery Mechanism   $ 10,483   $ 10,483 Other Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   44   — Total Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   $ 10,527   $ 10,483     PSO     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 Noncurrent Regulatory Assets   (in thousands)           Regulatory Assets Currently Not Earning a Return         Storm Related Costs   $ —   $ 16,614 Other Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   —   1,079 Total Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   $ —   $ 17,693     SWEPCo     June 30,   December 31,     2015   2014 Noncurrent Regulatory Assets   (in thousands)           Regulatory Assets Currently Not Earning a Return         Rate Case Expenses   $ —   $ 8,126 Shipe Road Transmission Project   3,022   2,287 Asset Retirement Obligation   1,320   1,144 Other Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   558   558 Total Regulatory Assets Pending Final Regulatory Approval   $ 4,900   $ 12,115 If these costs are ultimately determined not to be recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  OPCo Rate Matters Ohio Electric Security Plan Filings 2009 – 2011 ESP The PUCO issued an order in March 2009 that modified and approved the ESP which established rates at the start of the April 2009 billing cycle through 2011.  The order also provided a phase-in FAC, which was authorized to be recovered through a non-bypassable surcharge over the period 2012 through 2018. In August 2012, the PUCO issued an order in a separate proceeding which implemented a PIRR to recover deferred fuel costs in rates beginning September 2012.  The PUCO ruled that carrying charges should be calculated without an offset for accumulated deferred income taxes and that a long-term debt rate should be applied when collections begin.  In November 2012, OPCo appealed that PUCO order to the Supreme Court of Ohio claiming a long-term debt rate modified the previously adjudicated 2009 - 2011 ESP order, which granted a weighted average cost of capital (WACC) rate.  In November 2012, the IEU filed an appeal of the PUCO decision that included the argument that carrying costs should be reduced due to an accumulated deferred income tax credit.  In June 2015, the Supreme Court of Ohio issued a decision that reversed the PUCO order on the carrying cost rate issue and dismissed the appeal filed by the IEU.  In June 2015, the IEU filed a motion for reconsideration with the Supreme Court of Ohio related to the accumulated deferred income tax credit.  If the Supreme Court of Ohio upholds its June 2015 order, it would remand the matter back to the PUCO for reinstatement of the WACC rate. 194 Management is unable to predict the outcome of the unresolved litigation discussed above.  Depending on the ruling in this proceeding, it could impact future net income, cash flows and financial condition. June 2012 – May 2015 ESP Including Capacity Charge In August 2012, the PUCO issued an order which adopted and modified a new ESP that established base generation rates through May 2015.  This ruling was generally upheld in rehearing orders in January and March 2013. In July 2012, the PUCO issued an order in a separate capacity proceeding which stated that OPCo must charge CRES providers the RPM price and authorized OPCo to defer a portion of its incurred capacity costs not recovered from CRES providers up to  $188.88 /MW day.  The OPCo RPM price collected from CRES providers, which includes reserve margins, was approximately  $34 /MW day through May 2014 and  $150 /MW day from June 2014 through May 2015.  In December 2012, various parties filed notices of appeal of the capacity costs decision with the Supreme Court of Ohio.   As part of the August 2012 ESP order, the PUCO established a non-bypassable RSR, effective September 2012.  The RSR was collected from customers at  $3.50 /MWh through May 2014 and at  $4.00 /MWh for the period June 2014 through May 2015, with  $1.00 /MWh applied to the recovery of deferred capacity costs.  In July 2014, OPCo submitted a separate application to continue the RSR to collect the unrecovered portion of the deferred capacity costs at the rate of  $4.00 /MWh until the balance of the capacity deferrals has been collected.  In April 2015, the PUCO issued an order approving the application to continue the RSR, with modifications.  The order included approval to continue the collection of deferred capacity costs at a rate of  $4.00 /MWh beginning June 1, 2015 for approximately  32  months, with carrying costs at a long-term cost of debt rate.  Additionally, the order stated that an audit will be conducted of the May 31, 2015 capacity deferral balance, which was  $444 million .  In May 2015, the PUCO granted intervenors requests for rehearing.  As of  June 30, 2015 , OPCo's incurred deferred capacity costs balance of  $432 million , including debt carrying costs, was recorded in Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet.    In 2013, the PUCO issued its Orders on Rehearing for the ESP which generally upheld its August 2012 order.  The PUCO clarified that a final reconciliation of revenues and expenses would be permitted for any over- or under-recovery on several riders including fuel.  In addition, the PUCO addressed certain issues around the energy auctions while other SSO issues related to the energy auctions were deferred to a separate docket related to the competitive bid process (CBP).  In 2013, OPCo and various intervenors filed appeals with the Supreme Court of Ohio challenging portions of the PUCO’s ESP order.  Oral arguments at the Supreme Court of Ohio were held in May 2015. In November 2013, the PUCO issued an order approving OPCo’s CBP with modifications.  As ordered, in 2014, OPCo conducted multiple energy-only auctions for a total of  100%  of the SSO load with delivery beginning April 2014 through May 2015.  As provided for in the June 2015 - May 2018 ESP, for delivery starting in June 2015, OPCo now conducts energy and capacity auctions for its entire SSO load.  The PUCO also approved the unbundling of the FAC into fixed and energy-related components and an intervenor proposal to blend the $188.88/MW day capacity price in proportion to the percentage of energy planned to be auctioned.  Additionally, the PUCO ordered that intervenor concerns related to the recovery of the fixed fuel costs through potentially both the FAC and the approved capacity charges be addressed in subsequent FAC proceedings.  In January 2014, the PUCO denied all rehearing requests and agreed to issue a supplemental request for an independent auditor in the 2012 - 2013 FAC proceeding to separately examine the recovery of the fixed fuel costs, including OVEC.  In March 2014, the PUCO approved OPCo’s request to implement riders related to the unbundling of the FAC.  In October 2014, the independent auditor, selected by the PUCO, filed its report for the period August 2012 through May 2015 with the PUCO.  If the PUCO ultimately concludes that a portion of the fixed fuel costs are also recovered through OPCo's $188.88/MW day capacity charge, the independent auditor has recommended a methodology for calculating a refund of a portion of certain fixed fuel costs.  The retail share of these fixed fuel costs is approximately  $90 million  annually.  A hearing related to this matter has not been scheduled.  Management believes that no over-recovery of costs has occurred and disagrees with the findings in the audit report. 195 If OPCo is ultimately not permitted to fully collect all components of its ESP rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. June 2015 - May 2018 ESP In December 2013, OPCo filed an application with the PUCO to approve an ESP that included proposed rate adjustments and the continuation and modification of certain existing riders, including the Distribution Investment Rider (DIR), effective June 2015 through May 2018.  The proposal included a return on common equity of  10.65%  on capital costs for certain riders.  The proposal also included a purchased power agreement (PPA) rider that would allow retail customers to receive a rate stabilizing charge or credit by hedging market-based prices with a cost-based PPA.  The PPA would initially be based upon the OVEC contractual entitlement and could, upon further approval, be expanded to include other contracts involving other Ohio legacy generation assets.  In October 2014, OPCo filed a separate application with the PUCO to propose a new extended PPA with AGR for 2,671 MW for inclusion in the PPA rider.   In February 2015, the PUCO issued an order approving OPCo's ESP application, subject to certain modifications, with a return on common equity of  10.2%  on capital costs for certain riders.  The order included (a) approval of the DIR with modified rate caps established by the PUCO, (b) authorization to establish a zero rate rider for OPCo's proposed PPA, (c) the option for OPCo to reapply in a future proceeding with a more detailed PPA proposal and (d) a directive to continue to pursue the transfer of the OVEC contractual entitlement to AGR or to otherwise divest of its interest in OVEC.  In May 2015, on rehearing, the PUCO issued an order that increased the DIR rate caps and deferred ruling on all requests for rehearing related to the establishment of the PPA rider.  In June 2015, OPCo and various intervenors filed applications for rehearing with the PUCO related to the May 2015 order on rehearing.  In July 2015, the PUCO granted the requests for rehearing. In May 2015, OPCo filed an amended PPA application between OPCo and AGR that (a) included OPCo's OVEC contractual entitlement, (b) addressed the PPA requirements set forth in the PUCO's February 2015 order, (c) updated supporting testimony to reflect a current analysis of the PPA proposal and (d) continued to include the 2,671 MW to be available for capacity, energy and ancillary services, produced by AGR over the lives of the respective generating units. If OPCo is ultimately not permitted to fully collect all components of its ESP rates, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Significantly Excessive Earnings Test Filings In January 2011, the PUCO issued an order on the 2009 SEET filing.  The order gave consideration for a future commitment to invest  $20 million  to support the development of a large solar farm.  In January 2013, the PUCO found there was not a need for the large solar farm.  The PUCO noted that OPCo remains obligated to spend $20 million on this solar project or another project.  In September 2013, a proposed second phase of OPCo’s  gridSMART ®  program was filed with the PUCO which included a proposed project to satisfy this PUCO directive.  A decision from the PUCO is pending. In June 2015, OPCo filed its 2014 SEET filing with the PUCO.  Management believes its financial statements adequately address the impact of 2014 SEET requirements. Corporate Separation In October 2012, the PUCO issued an order which approved the corporate separation of OPCo’s generation assets including the transfer of OPCo’s generation assets and associated generation liabilities at net book value to AGR.  In June 2013, the IEU filed an appeal with the Supreme Court of Ohio claiming the PUCO order approving the corporate separation was unlawful.  A decision from the Supreme Court of Ohio is pending.  In December 2013, corporate separation of OPCo’s generation assets was completed.  If any part of the PUCO order is overturned, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 196 2009 Fuel Adjustment Clause Audit In January 2012, the PUCO issued an order in OPCo’s 2009 FAC that the remaining  $65 million  in proceeds from a 2008 coal contract settlement agreement be applied against OPCo’s under-recovered fuel balance.  In April 2012, on rehearing, the PUCO ordered that the settlement credit only needed to reflect the Ohio retail jurisdictional share of the gain not already flowed through the FAC with carrying charges.  As a result, OPCo recorded a  $30 million  net favorable adjustment on the statement of income in 2012.  The January 2012 PUCO order also stated that a consultant should be hired to review the coal reserve valuation and recommend whether any additional value should benefit ratepayers.   In September 2014, the Supreme Court of Ohio upheld the PUCO order on appeal.  A review of the coal reserve valuation by an outside consultant has not been initiated by the PUCO.  If the PUCO ultimately determines that additional amounts should benefit ratepayers as a result of the consultant’s review of the coal reserve valuation, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 2012 and 2013 Fuel Adjustment Clause Audits In May 2014, the PUCO-selected outside consultant provided its final report related to its 2012 and 2013 FAC audit which included certain unfavorable recommendations related to the FAC recovery for 2012 and 2013.  These recommendations are opposed by OPCo.  In addition, the PUCO will consider the results of the final audit of the recovery of fixed fuel costs that was issued in October 2014.  See the "June 2012 - May 2015 ESP Including Capacity Charge" section above.  If the PUCO orders a reduction to the FAC deferral or a refund to customers, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Ormet Ormet, a large aluminum company, had a contract to purchase power from OPCo through 2018.  In 2013, Ormet filed for bankruptcy and subsequently shut down operations.  In March 2014, the PUCO issued an order in OPCo’s Economic Development Rider (EDR) filing allowing OPCo to include  $39 million  of Ormet-related foregone revenues in the EDR effective April 2014.  The order stated that if the stipulation agreement between OPCo and Ormet is subsequently adopted by the PUCO, OPCo could file an application to modify the EDR rate for the remainder of the period requesting recovery of the remaining  $10 million  of Ormet deferrals which, as of  June 30, 2015 , is recorded in Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet.  In April 2014, an intervenor filed testimony objecting to  $5 million  of the remaining foregone revenues.  A hearing at the PUCO related to the stipulation agreement was held in May 2014.  In addition, in the 2009 - 2011 ESP proceeding, intervenors requested that OPCo be required to refund the Ormet-related revenues under a previous interim arrangement (effective from January 2009 through September 2009) and requested that the PUCO prevent OPCo from collecting Ormet-related revenues in the future.  Through September 2009, the last month of the interim arrangement, OPCo had  $64 million  of deferred FAC costs related to the interim arrangement, excluding  $2 million  of unrecognized equity carrying costs.  The PUCO did not take any action on this request.  The intervenors raised this issue again in response to OPCo’s November 2009 filing to approve recovery of the deferral under the interim agreement.  To the extent amounts discussed above are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 197 SWEPCo Rate Matters 2012 Texas Base Rate Case In 2012, SWEPCo filed a request with the PUCT to increase annual base rates primarily due to the completion of the Turk Plant.  In 2013, the PUCT issued an order affirming the prudence of the Turk Plant but determined that the Turk Plant’s Texas jurisdictional capital cost cap established in a previous Certificate of Convenience and Necessity case also limited SWEPCo’s recovery of AFUDC in addition to limits on its recovery of cash construction costs.  Additionally, the PUCT deferred consideration of the requested increase in depreciation expense related to the change in the 2016 retirement date of the Welsh Plant, Unit 2.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value of Welsh Plant, Unit 2 was  $83 million , before cost of removal, including materials and supplies inventory and CWIP.   Upon rehearing in January 2014, the PUCT reversed its initial ruling and determined that AFUDC was excluded from the Turk Plant’s Texas jurisdictional capital cost cap.  As a result, in the fourth quarter of 2013, SWEPCo reversed  $114 million  of previously recorded regulatory disallowances.  The resulting annual base rate increase is approximately  $52 million .  In March 2014, the PUCT issued an order related to the January 2014 PUCT ruling and in April 2014, this order became final.  In May 2014, intervenors filed appeals of that order with the Texas District Court.  In June 2014, SWEPCo intervened in those appeals and filed initial responses. If certain parts of the PUCT order are overturned or if SWEPCo cannot ultimately recover its Texas jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant investment, including AFUDC, or its retirement-related costs and potential fuel or replacement power disallowances related to Welsh Plant, Unit 2, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 2012 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In 2012, SWEPCo initiated a proceeding to establish new formula base rates in Louisiana, including recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share (approximately  29% ) of the Turk Plant.  In February 2013, a settlement was filed and approved by the LPSC.  The settlement increased SWEPCo's Louisiana total rates by approximately  $2 million  annually, effective March 2013, which consisted of an increase in base rates of approximately  $85 million  annually offset by a decrease in fuel and other rates of approximately  $83 million  annually.  The March 2013 base rates are based on a  10%  return on common equity and cost recovery of the Louisiana jurisdictional share of the Turk Plant and Stall Unit.  The rates are subject to refund based on the staff review of the cost of service and the prudency review of the Turk Plant.  The settlement also provided that the LPSC review base rates in 2014 and 2015 and that SWEPCo recover non-fuel Turk Plant costs and a full weighted-average cost of capital return on the prudently incurred Turk Plant investment in jurisdictional rate base, effective January 2013.  In December 2014, the LPSC approved a settlement agreement related to the staff review of the cost of service.  The settlement agreement reduced the requested revenue increase by  $3 million , primarily due to the timing of both the allowed recovery of certain existing regulatory assets and the establishment of a regulatory asset for certain previously expensed costs.  If the LPSC orders refunds based upon the pending prudence review of the Turk Plant investment, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  2014 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In April 2014, SWEPCo filed its annual formula rate plan for test year 2013 with the LPSC.  The filing included a  $5 million  annual increase, which was effective August 2014.  SWEPCo also proposed to increase rates by an additional  $15 million  annually, effective January 2015, for a total annual increase of  $20 million .  This additional increase reflects the cost of incremental generation to be used to serve Louisiana customers in 2015 due to the expiration of a purchase power agreement attributable to Louisiana customers.  In December 2014, the LPSC approved a partial settlement agreement that included the implementation of the  $15 million  annual increase in rates effective January 2015.  These increases are subject to LPSC staff review and are subject to refund.   If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.   198 2015 Louisiana Formula Rate Filing In April 2015, SWEPCo filed its formula rate plan for test year 2014 with the LPSC.  The filing included a  $14 million  annual increase, which will be effective August 2015.  This increase is subject to LPSC staff review and is subject to refund.   If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3  –  Environmental Projects To comply with pending Federal EPA regulations, SWEPCo is currently constructing environmental control projects to meet mercury and air toxics standards for Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 at a cost of approximately  $410 million , excluding AFUDC.  Management currently estimates that the total environmental projects to be completed through 2020 for Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 will cost approximately  $600 million , excluding AFUDC.  As of  June 30, 2015 , SWEPCo has incurred costs of  $256 million , including AFUDC, and has remaining contractual construction obligations of  $89 million  related to these projects.  SWEPCo will seek recovery of these project costs from customers through filings at the state commissions and the FERC.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value of Welsh Plant, Units 1 and 3 was  $484 million , before cost of removal, including materials and supplies inventory and CWIP.  If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.   APCo Rate Matters 2014 West Virginia Base Rate Case   In June 2014, APCo filed a request with the WVPSC to increase annual base rates by  $156 million , based upon a  10.62%  return on common equity, to be effective in the second quarter of 2015.  The filing included a request to increase generation depreciation rates primarily due to the increase in plant investment and changes in the expected service lives of various generating units.  The filing also requested recovery of  $77 million  in regulatory assets over five years related to 2012 West Virginia storm costs, IGCC and other deferred costs.  In addition to the base rate request, the filing also included a request to implement a rider of approximately  $38 million  annually to recover vegetation management costs, including a return on capital investment.   In May 2015, the WVPSC issued an order on the base rate case.  Upon implementation of the order in May 2015, and consistent with the WVPSC authorized total revenue, annual base rates were authorized to be increased by  $85 million  based upon a  9.75%  return on common equity.  The order included a delayed billing of  $22 million  of the annual base rate increase to residential customers until July 2016.  The order provided for carrying charges based upon a WACC rate for the $22 million annual delayed billing through June 2016, and stated recovery would be addressed in the next ENEC case scheduled for 2016.  Additionally, the order included approval of (a) an initial vegetation management rider of  $38 million  annually, (b) revised deprecation rates, including recovery of plants to be retired and (c) the recovery of  $77 million  in previously recorded regulatory assets, which will predominantly be recovered over five years. In June 2015, the WVPSC staff and intervenors filed motions for reconsideration and clarification related to various issues including recovery of lost revenues and the allowed carrying charge rate related to the delayed residential revenues.  In July 2015, the WVPSC issued an order that denied all motions for reconsideration. 2015 Virginia Regulatory Asset Proceeding In January 2015, the Virginia SCC initiated a separate proceeding to address the proper treatment of APCo’s authorized regulatory assets.  As of  June 30, 2015 , APCo’s authorized regulatory assets under review in this proceeding are estimated to be  $12 million .  In February and March 2015, briefs related to this proceeding were filed by various parties.  If any of these costs, or any additional costs that may be subject to review, are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition.  199 New Virginia Legislation Affecting Biennial Reviews In February 2015, amendments to Virginia law governing the regulation of investor-owned electric utilities were enacted.  Under the amended Virginia law, APCo’s existing generation and distribution base rates are frozen until after the Virginia SCC rules on APCo’s next biennial review, which APCo will file in March 2020 for the 2018 and 2019 test years.  These amendments also preclude the Virginia SCC from performing biennial reviews of APCo’s earnings for the years 2014 through 2017.  APCo's financial statements adequately address the impact of these amendments.  The new law provides that APCo will absorb its Virginia jurisdictional share of incremental generation and distribution costs incurred during 2014 through 2017 that are associated with severe weather events and/or natural disasters and costs associated with potential impairments related to new carbon emission guidelines issued by the Federal EPA. PSO Rate Matters 2015 Oklahoma Base Rate Case In July 2015, PSO filed a request with the OCC to increase annual revenues by  $137 million  to recover costs associated with its environmental compliance plan for the Federal EPA’s Regional Haze Rule and Mercury and Air Toxics Standards, and to recover investments and other costs that have increased since the last base rate case.  The annual increase consists of (a) a base rate increase of  $89 million , which includes  $48 million  in increased depreciation expense that reflects, among other things, recovery through June 2026 for Northeastern Plant, Units 3 and 4, (b) a rider or base rate increase of  $44 million  to recover costs for the environmental controls being installed on Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 and the Comanche Plant and (c) a request to include environmental consumable costs in the FAC, estimated to be  $4 million  annually.  The rate increase includes a proposed return on equity of  10.5%  and is proposed to be effective in January 2016, except for the $44 million for environmental investments, which is proposed to be effective in March 2016, after the Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 environmental controls go in service.  The total estimated cost of the environmental controls to be installed at Northeastern Plant, Unit 3 and the Comanche Plant is  $219 million , excluding AFUDC. As of June 30, 2015, PSO has incurred costs of  $140 million  related to these projects, including AFUDC. In addition, the filing also notified the OCC that future incremental purchased capacity and energy costs of an estimated  $35 million  will be incurred related to the environmental compliance plan, due to the closure of Northeastern Plant, Unit 4 in April 2016, which would be recovered through the FAC.  As of June 30, 2015, the net book value of Northeastern Plant, Unit 4 was  $95 million , before cost of removal, including materials and supplies inventory and CWIP.   If any of these costs are not recoverable, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 2014 Oklahoma Base Rate Case In April 2015, the OCC issued an order that approved a non-unanimous stipulation agreement between PSO, the OCC staff and certain intervenors.  The approved stipulation provides for no overall change to the transmission rider or to annual revenues, other than additional revenues through a separate rider related to advanced metering costs, and that the terms of the stipulation be effective November 2014.  The advanced metering rider provides  $24 million  of revenues over 14 months beginning in November 2014 and increases to  $27 million  in 2016.  The stipulation also included (a) new depreciation rates for advanced metering investments and existing meters, also effective November 2014, (b) a return on common equity of  9.85%  to be used only in the formula to calculate AFUDC, factoring of customer receivables and for riders with an equity component and (c) recovery of regulatory assets for 2013 storms and regulatory case expenses.  The advanced metering cost rider was implemented in November 2014.  200 I&M Rate Matters Tanners Creek Plant In October 2014, I&M filed an application with the IURC seeking approval of revised depreciation rates for Rockport Plant, Unit 1 and the Tanners Creek Plant.  Upon retirement of the Tanners Creek Plant, I&M proposed that, for purposes of determining its depreciation rates, the net book value of the Tanners Creek Plant be recovered over the remaining life of the Rockport Plant.  The new depreciation rates would result in a decrease in I&M's Indiana jurisdictional electric depreciation expense which I&M proposed to reduce customer rates through a credit rider.  In May 2015, the IURC issued an order approving I&M's request for revised depreciation rates. In May 2015, Tanners Creek Plant was retired.  Upon retirement,  $265 million  was reclassified as Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet related to the net book value of Tanners Creek Plant and is being amortized over  29  years.  An additional  $38 million  was reclassified as Regulatory Assets on the condensed balance sheet for related asset retirement obligations and materials and supplies.  These additional regulatory assets are currently not being amortized, pending regulatory approval. Transmission, Distribution and Storage System Improvement Charge (TDSIC) In October 2014, I&M filed petitions with the IURC for approval of a TDSIC Rider and approval of I&M’s seven-year TDSIC Plan, from 2015 through 2021, for eligible transmission, distribution and storage system improvements.  The initial estimated cost of the capital improvements and associated operation and maintenance expenses included in the TDSIC Plan of  $787 million , excluding AFUDC, would be updated annually.   The TDSIC Plan included distribution investments specific to the Indiana jurisdiction.  The TDSIC Rider would allow the periodic adjustment of I&M's rates to provide for timely recovery of  80%  of approved TDSIC Plan costs.  I&M would defer the remaining  20%  of approved TDSIC Plan costs to be recovered in I&M's next general rate case.  I&M did not seek a rate adjustment in this proceeding but sought approval of a TDSIC Rider rate adjustment mechanism for subsequent proceedings.  In April 2015, I&M filed a notice with the IURC to seek approval of the proposed TDSIC Plan excluding  $117 million  of certain projects that were challenged in this proceeding.  In May 2015, the IURC issued an order that denied I&M's TDSIC Plan and Rider.  In May 2015, I&M filed a petition for reconsideration and/or rehearing with the IURC and in June 2015, filed a notice of appeal with the Indiana Court of Appeals. 201 5 .   COMMITMENTS, GUARANTEES AND CONTINGENCIES The Registrant Subsidiaries are subject to certain claims and legal actions arising in their ordinary course of business.  In addition, their business activities are subject to extensive governmental regulation related to public health and the environment.  The ultimate outcome of such pending or potential litigation cannot be predicted.  For current proceedings not specifically discussed below, management does not anticipate that the liabilities, if any, arising from such proceedings would have a material effect on the financial statements.  The Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies note within the  2014  Annual Report should be read in conjunction with this report. GUARANTEES Liabilities for guarantees are recorded in accordance with the accounting guidance for “Guarantees.”  There is no collateral held in relation to any guarantees.  In the event any guarantee is drawn, there is no recourse to third parties unless specified below. Letters of Credit – Affecting APCo, I&M and OPCo Certain Registrant Subsidiaries enter into standby letters of credit with third parties.  These letters of credit are issued in the ordinary course of business and cover items such as insurance programs, security deposits and debt service reserves. AEP has  two  revolving credit facilities totaling  $3.5 billion , under which up to  $1.2 billion  may be issued as letters of credit.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the maximum future payments for letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facilities were as follows: Company   Amount   Maturity     (in thousands)     I&M   $ 35   March 2016 OPCo   4,200   June 2016 The Registrant Subsidiaries have  $307 million  of variable rate Pollution Control Bonds supported by bilateral letters of credit for  $310 million  as follows: Company   Pollution Control Bonds   Bilateral Letters of Credit   Maturity of Bilateral Letters of Credit     (in thousands)     APCo   $ 229,650   $ 232,293   March 2016 to March 2017  I&M   77,000   77,886   March 2017 Guarantees of Third-Party Obligations – Affecting SWEPCo As part of the process to receive a renewal of a Texas Railroad Commission permit for lignite mining, SWEPCo provides guarantees of mine reclamation of  $115 million .  Since SWEPCo uses self-bonding, the guarantee provides for SWEPCo to commit to use its resources to complete the reclamation in the event the work is not completed by Sabine.  This guarantee ends upon depletion of reserves and completion of final reclamation.  Based on the latest study completed in 2010, it is estimated the reserves will be depleted in 2036 with final reclamation completed by 2046 at an estimated cost of  $58 million .  Actual reclamation costs could vary due to period inflation and any changes to actual mine reclamation.  As of  June 30, 2015 , SWEPCo has collected  $65 million  through a rider for final mine closure and reclamation costs, of which  $16 million  is recorded in Deferred Credits and Other Noncurrent Liabilities and  $49 million  is recorded in Asset Retirement Obligations on SWEPCo’s condensed balance sheets. Sabine charges SWEPCo, its only customer, all of its costs.  SWEPCo passes these costs to customers through its fuel clause. 202 Indemnifications and Other Guarantees – Affecting APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO and SWEPCo Contracts The Registrant Subsidiaries enter into certain types of contracts which require indemnifications.  Typically these contracts include, but are not limited to, sale agreements, lease agreements, purchase agreements and financing agreements.  Generally, these agreements may include, but are not limited to, indemnifications around certain tax, contractual and environmental matters.  With respect to sale agreements, exposure generally does not exceed the sale price.  As of  June 30, 2015 , there were no material liabilities recorded for any indemnifications. APCo, I&M and OPCo are jointly and severally liable for activity conducted by AEPSC on behalf of AEP companies related to power purchase and sale activity pursuant to the SIA.  PSO and SWEPCo are jointly and severally liable for activity conducted by AEPSC on behalf of PSO and SWEPCo related to power purchase and sale activity pursuant to the SIA. Master Lease Agreements The Registrant Subsidiaries lease certain equipment under master lease agreements.  Under the lease agreements, the lessor is guaranteed a residual value up to a stated percentage of either the unamortized balance or the equipment cost at the end of the lease term.  If the actual fair value of the leased equipment is below the guaranteed residual value at the end of the lease term, the Registrant Subsidiaries are committed to pay the difference between the actual fair value and the residual value guarantee.  Historically, at the end of the lease term the fair value has been in excess of the unamortized balance.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the maximum potential loss by Registrant Subsidiary for these lease agreements assuming the fair value of the equipment is zero at the end of the lease term was as follows: Company   Maximum Potential Loss     (in thousands) APCo   $ 4,864 I&M   3,323 OPCo   5,618 PSO   2,428 SWEPCo   2,825 Railcar Lease In June 2003, AEP Transportation LLC (AEP Transportation), a subsidiary of AEP, entered into an agreement with BTM Capital Corporation, as lessor, to lease  875  coal-transporting aluminum railcars.  The lease is accounted for as an operating lease.  In January 2008, AEP Transportation assigned the remaining  848  railcars under the original lease agreement to I&M ( 390  railcars) and SWEPCo ( 458  railcars).  The assignments are accounted for as operating leases for I&M and SWEPCo.  The initial lease term was  five  years with  three  consecutive five-year renewal periods for a maximum lease term of  twenty  years.  I&M and SWEPCo intend to renew these leases for the full lease term of  twenty  years via the renewal options.  The future minimum lease obligations are  $11 million  and  $12 million  for I&M and SWEPCo, respectively, for the remaining railcars as of  June 30, 2015 . Under the lease agreement, the lessor is guaranteed that the sale proceeds under a return-and-sale option will equal at least a lessee obligation amount specified in the lease, which declines from  83%  under the current  five  year lease term to  77%  at the end of the  20 -year term of the projected fair value of the equipment.  I&M and SWEPCo have assumed the guarantee under the return-and-sale option.  The maximum potential losses related to the guarantee are  $9 million  and  $10 million  for I&M and SWEPCo, respectively, assuming the fair value of the equipment is  zero  at the end of the current  five -year lease term.  However, management believes that the fair value would produce a sufficient sales price to avoid any loss. 203 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTINGENCIES  The Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act (Superfund) and State Remediation – Affecting I&M By-products from the generation of electricity include materials such as ash, slag, sludge, low-level radioactive waste and SNF.  Coal combustion by-products, which constitute the overwhelming percentage of these materials, are typically treated and deposited in captive disposal facilities or are beneficially utilized.  In addition, the generation plants and transmission and distribution facilities have used asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and other hazardous and nonhazardous materials.  The Registrant Subsidiaries currently incur costs to dispose of these substances safely. In 2008, I&M received a letter from the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) concerning conditions at a site under state law and requesting I&M take voluntary action necessary to prevent and/or mitigate public harm.  I&M started remediation work in accordance with a plan approved by MDEQ.  In 2014, I&M recorded an accrual for remediation at certain additional sites in Michigan.  As a result of receiving approval of completed remediation work from the MDEQ in March 2015, I&M's accrual for all of these sites was reduced.  As of June 30, 2015, I&M's accrual for all of these sites is approximately  $9 million .  As the remediation work is completed, I&M’s cost may change as new information becomes available concerning either the level of contamination at the sites or changes in the scope of remediation.  Management cannot predict the amount of additional cost, if any. NUCLEAR CONTINGENCIES – AFFECTING I&M I&M owns and operates the two-unit 2,191 MW Cook Plant under licenses granted by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.  I&M has a significant future financial commitment to dispose of SNF and to safely decommission and decontaminate the plant.  The licenses to operate the two nuclear units at the Cook Plant expire in 2034 and 2037.  The operation of a nuclear facility also involves special risks, potential liabilities and specific regulatory and safety requirements.  By agreement, I&M is partially liable, together with all other electric utility companies that own nuclear generation units, for a nuclear power plant incident at any nuclear plant in the U.S.  Should a nuclear incident occur at any nuclear power plant in the U.S., the resultant liability could be substantial. OPERATIONAL CONTINGENCIES Rockport Plant Litigation – Affecting I&M In July 2013, the Wilmington Trust Company filed a complaint in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against AEGCo and I&M alleging that it will be unlawfully burdened by the terms of the modified NSR consent decree after the Rockport Plant, Unit 2 lease expiration in December 2022.  The terms of the consent decree allow the installation of environmental emission control equipment, repowering or retirement of the unit.  The plaintiff further alleges that the defendants’ actions constitute breach of the lease and participation agreement.  The plaintiff seeks a judgment declaring that the defendants breached the lease, must satisfy obligations related to installation of emission control equipment and indemnify the plaintiff.  The New York court granted a motion to transfer this case to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Ohio.  In October 2013, a motion to dismiss the case was filed on behalf of AEGCo and I&M.  In January 2015, the court issued an opinion and order granting the motion in part and denying the motion in part.  The court dismissed certain of the plaintiffs’ claims.  Several claims remain, including the claim for breach of the participation agreement and a claim alleging breach of an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing.  In June 2015, AEGCo and I&M filed a motion for partial judgment on the claims seeking dismissal of the breach of participation agreement claim as well as any claim for indemnification of costs associated with this case.  In July 2015, the plaintiffs responded to the motion for partial judgment and simultaneously moved for partial summary judgment on their claims for breach of the lease and participation agreement.  Management will continue to defend against the remaining claims.  Management is unable to determine a range of potential losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. 204 Wage and Hours Lawsuit – Affecting PSO In August 2013, PSO received an amended complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma by 36 current and former line and warehouse employees alleging that they have been denied overtime pay in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act.  Plaintiffs claim that they are entitled to overtime pay for “on call” time.  They allege that restrictions placed on them during on call hours are burdensome enough that they are entitled to compensation for these hours as hours worked.  Plaintiffs also filed a motion to conditionally certify this action as a class action, claiming there are an additional 70 individuals similarly situated to plaintiffs.  Plaintiffs seek damages in the amount of unpaid overtime over a three-year period and liquidated damages in the same amount. In March 2014, the federal court granted plaintiffs’ motion to conditionally certify the action as a class action.  Notice was given to all potential class members and an additional 44 individuals opted in to the class, bringing the plaintiff class to 80 current and former employees.  Two plaintiffs have since dismissed their claims without prejudice, leaving 78 plaintiffs.  Management will continue to defend the case.  Management is unable to determine a range of potential losses that are reasonably possible of occurring.  Gavin Landfill Litigation – Affecting OPCo In August 2014, a complaint was filed in the Mason County, West Virginia Circuit Court against AEP, AEPSC, OPCo and an individual supervisor alleging wrongful death and personal injury/illness claims arising out of purported exposure to coal combustion by-product waste at the Gavin Plant landfill.  The lawsuit was filed on behalf of 77 plaintiffs, consisting of 39 current and former contractors of the landfill and 38 family members of those contractors.  Eleven of the family members are pursuing personal injury/illness claims and the remainder are pursuing loss of consortium claims.  The plaintiffs seek compensatory and punitive damages, as well as medical monitoring.  In September 2014, management filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, contending the case should be filed in Ohio.  That motion is pending.  Management will continue to defend against the claims.  Management is unable to determine a range of potential losses that are reasonably possible of occurring. 205 6 .   BENEFIT PLANS The Registrant Subsidiaries participate in an AEP sponsored qualified pension plan and two unfunded nonqualified pension plans.  Substantially all employees are covered by the qualified plan or both the qualified and a nonqualified pension plan.  The Registrant Subsidiaries also participate in OPEB plans sponsored by AEP to provide health and life insurance benefits for retired employees. Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost The following tables provide the components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) by Registrant Subsidiary for the plans for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 : APCo   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Three Months Ended June 30,   Three Months Ended June 30,   2015 2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 2,175   $ 1,759   $ 285   $ 362 Interest Cost 6,679   7,406   2,585   3,197 Expected Return on Plan Assets (8,746 )   (8,481 )   (4,529 )   (4,633 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 45   49   (2,512 )   (2,512 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 3,474   4,148   899   1,145 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 3,627   $ 4,881   $ (3,272 )   $ (2,441 )   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Six Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 4,350   $ 3,518   $ 571   $ 724 Interest Cost 13,358   14,812   5,169   6,394 Expected Return on Plan Assets (17,491 )   (16,963 )   (9,058 )   (9,266 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 90   99   (5,025 )   (5,025 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 6,947   8,296   1,799   2,291 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 7,254   $ 9,762   $ (6,544 )   $ (4,882 ) 206 I&M   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Three Months Ended June 30,   Three Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 3,217   $ 2,517   $ 407   $ 487 Interest Cost 6,115   6,574   1,592   1,910 Expected Return on Plan Assets (8,116 )   (7,748 )   (3,304 )   (3,363 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 46   48   (2,356 )   (2,356 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 3,144   3,646   507   592 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 4,406   $ 5,037   $ (3,154 )   $ (2,730 )   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Six Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 6,434   $ 5,034   $ 813   $ 974 Interest Cost 12,230   13,147   3,184   3,819 Expected Return on Plan Assets (16,232 )   (15,496 )   (6,608 )   (6,727 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 91   97   (4,711 )   (4,711 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 6,289   7,292   1,013   1,184 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 8,812   $ 10,074   $ (6,309 )   $ (5,461 ) OPCo   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Three Months Ended June 30,   Three Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 1,672   $ 1,285   $ 215   $ 257 Interest Cost 5,070   5,526   1,615   1,900 Expected Return on Plan Assets (6,878 )   (6,606 )   (3,378 )   (3,380 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 35   39   (1,730 )   (1,730 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 2,644   3,105   518   595 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 2,543   $ 3,349   $ (2,760 )   $ (2,358 )   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Six Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 3,344   $ 2,570   $ 431   $ 513 Interest Cost 10,140   11,052   3,230   3,801 Expected Return on Plan Assets (13,756 )   (13,213 )   (6,754 )   (6,760 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 70   78   (3,461 )   (3,461 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 5,288   6,211   1,035   1,190 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 5,086   $ 6,698   $ (5,519 )   $ (4,717 ) 207 PSO   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Three Months Ended June 30,   Three Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 1,599   $ 1,302   $ 169   $ 210 Interest Cost 2,732   3,014   759   894 Expected Return on Plan Assets (3,786 )   (3,651 )   (1,577 )   (1,575 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 63   74   (1,072 )   (1,073 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 1,417   1,688   241   277 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 2,025   $ 2,427   $ (1,480 )   $ (1,267 )   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Six Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 3,198   $ 2,604   $ 339   $ 420 Interest Cost 5,463   6,028   1,518   1,787 Expected Return on Plan Assets (7,572 )   (7,302 )   (3,154 )   (3,150 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 126   148   (2,145 )   (2,145 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 2,834   3,376   483   554 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 4,049   $ 4,854   $ (2,959 )   $ (2,534 ) SWEPCo   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Three Months Ended June 30,   Three Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 2,082   $ 1,654   $ 210   $ 253 Interest Cost 2,932   3,162   838   998 Expected Return on Plan Assets (4,008 )   (3,857 )   (1,736 )   (1,754 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 77   88   (1,289 )   (1,289 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 1,507   1,762   266   308 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 2,590   $ 2,809   $ (1,711 )   $ (1,484 )   Pension Plans   Other Postretirement Benefit Plans   Six Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,   2015   2014   2015   2014   (in thousands) Service Cost $ 4,163   $ 3,309   $ 421   $ 506 Interest Cost 5,864   6,325   1,675   1,996 Expected Return on Plan Assets (8,016 )   (7,714 )   (3,471 )   (3,508 ) Amortization of Prior Service Cost (Credit) 154   175   (2,578 )   (2,578 ) Amortization of Net Actuarial Loss 3,014   3,523   532   617 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) $ 5,179   $ 5,618   $ (3,421 )   $ (2,967 ) 208 7 .   BUSINESS SEGMENTS The Registrant Subsidiaries each have one reportable segment, an integrated electricity generation, transmission and distribution business, except OPCo, an electricity transmission and distribution business that started in 2014.  The Registrant Subsidiaries’ other activities are insignificant.  The Registrant Subsidiaries’ operations are managed on an integrated basis because of the substantial impact of cost-based rates and regulatory oversight on the business process, cost structures and operating results. 209 8 .   DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING OBJECTIVES FOR UTILIZATION OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS The Registrant Subsidiaries are exposed to certain market risks as major power producers and participants in the wholesale electricity, natural gas, coal and emission allowance markets.  These risks include commodity price risk, interest rate risk, credit risk and, to a lesser extent, foreign currency exchange risk.  These risks represent the risk of loss that may impact the Registrant Subsidiaries due to changes in the underlying market prices or rates.  AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, manages these risks using derivative instruments. STRATEGIES FOR UTILIZATION OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS TO ACHIEVE OBJECTIVES Risk Management Strategies The strategy surrounding the use of derivative instruments primarily focuses on managing risk exposures, future cash flows and creating value utilizing both economic and formal hedging strategies.  The risk management strategies also include the use of derivative instruments for trading purposes, focusing on seizing market opportunities to create value driven by expected changes in the market prices of the commodities in which AEPSC transacts on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries.  To accomplish these objectives, AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, primarily employs risk management contracts including physical and financial forward purchase-and-sale contracts and, to a lesser extent, OTC swaps and options.  Not all risk management contracts meet the definition of a derivative under the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging.”  Derivative risk management contracts elected normal under the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception are not subject to the requirements of this accounting guidance. AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, enters into power, coal, natural gas, interest rate and, to a lesser extent, heating oil, gasoline and other commodity contracts to manage the risk associated with the energy business.  AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, enters into interest rate derivative contracts in order to manage the interest rate exposure associated with the Registrant Subsidiaries’ commodity portfolio.  For disclosure purposes, such risks are grouped as “Commodity,” as these risks are related to energy risk management activities.  AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, also engages in risk management of interest rate risk associated with debt financing and foreign currency risk associated with future purchase obligations denominated in foreign currencies.  For disclosure purposes, these risks are grouped as “Interest Rate and Foreign Currency.”  The amount of risk taken is determined by the Commercial Operations and Finance groups in accordance with established risk management policies as approved by the Finance Committee of AEP’s Board of Directors. 210 The following tables represent the gross notional volume of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ outstanding derivative contracts as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 : Notional Volume of Derivative Instruments June 30, 2015 Primary Risk Exposure   Unit of  Measure   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo         (in thousands) Commodity:                         Power   MWhs   82,828   38,036   5,428   26,530   31,839 Coal   Tons   232   250   —   —   750 Natural Gas   MMBtus   339   227   —   12   14 Heating Oil and Gasoline   Gallons   1,468   695   1,546   852   975 Interest Rate   USD   $ 3,590   $ 2,435   $ —   $ —   $ — Notional Volume of Derivative Instruments December 31, 2014 Primary Risk Exposure   Unit of Measure   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo         (in thousands) Commodity:                         Power   MWhs   32,479   23,774   20,334   16,765   20,469 Coal   Tons   279   500   —   —   1,500 Natural Gas   MMBtus   421   286   —   —   — Heating Oil and Gasoline   Gallons   1,089   521   1,108   614   699 Interest Rate   USD   $ 5,094   $ 3,455   $ —   $ —   $ — Cash Flow Hedging Strategies AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, enters into and designates as cash flow hedges certain derivative transactions for the purchase and sale of power (“Commodity”) in order to manage the variable price risk related to  forecasted purchases and sales.  Management monitors the potential impacts of commodity price changes and, where appropriate, enters into derivative transactions to protect profit margins for a portion of future electricity sales and  purchases.  The Registrant Subsidiaries do not hedge all commodity price risk. The Registrant Subsidiaries’ vehicle fleet is exposed to gasoline and diesel fuel price volatility.  AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, enters into financial heating oil and gasoline derivative contracts in order to mitigate price risk of future fuel purchases.  Cash flow hedge accounting for these derivative contracts was discontinued effective March 31, 2014.  In March 2014, these contracts were grouped as "Commodity" with other risk management activities.  The Registrant Subsidiaries do not hedge all fuel price risk. AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, enters into a variety of interest rate derivative transactions in order to manage interest rate risk exposure.  AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, also enters into interest rate derivative contracts to manage interest rate exposure related to future borrowings of fixed-rate debt.  The Registrant Subsidiaries do not hedge all interest rate exposure.   At times, the Registrant Subsidiaries are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks primarily when some fixed assets are purchased from foreign suppliers.  In accordance with AEP’s risk management policy, AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, may enter into foreign currency derivative transactions to protect against the risk of increased cash outflows resulting from a foreign currency’s appreciation against the dollar.  The Registrant Subsidiaries do not hedge all foreign currency exposure. 211 ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND THE IMPACT ON THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   The accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging” requires recognition of all qualifying derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the condensed balance sheet at fair value.  The fair values of derivative instruments accounted for using MTM accounting or hedge accounting are based on exchange prices and broker quotes.  If a quoted market price is not available, the estimate of fair value is based on the best information available including valuation models that estimate future energy prices based on existing market and broker quotes, supply and demand market data and assumptions.  In order to determine the relevant fair values of the derivative instruments, the Registrant Subsidiaries also apply valuation adjustments for discounting, liquidity and credit quality. Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will fail to perform on the contract or fail to pay amounts due.  Liquidity risk represents the risk that imperfections in the market will cause the price to vary from estimated fair value based upon prevailing market supply and demand conditions.  Since energy markets are imperfect and volatile, there are inherent risks related to the underlying assumptions in models used to fair value risk management contracts.  Unforeseen events may cause reasonable price curves to differ from actual price curves throughout a contract's term and at the time a contract settles.  Consequently, there could be significant adverse or favorable effects on future net income and cash flows if market prices are not consistent with management’s estimates of current market consensus for forward prices in the current period.  This is particularly true for longer term contracts.  Cash flows may vary based on market conditions, margin requirements and the timing of settlement of risk management contracts. According to the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging,” the Registrant Subsidiaries reflect the fair values of derivative instruments subject to netting agreements with the same counterparty net of related cash collateral.  For certain risk management contracts, the Registrant Subsidiaries are required to post or receive cash collateral based on third party contractual agreements and risk profiles.  For the  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  condensed balance sheets, the Registrant Subsidiaries netted cash collateral received from third parties against short-term and long-term risk management assets and cash collateral paid to third parties against short-term and long-term risk management liabilities as follows:     June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014 Company   Cash Collateral Received Netted Against Risk Management Assets   Cash Collateral Paid Netted Against Risk Management Liabilities   Cash Collateral Received Netted Against Risk Management Assets   Cash Collateral Paid Netted Against Risk Management Liabilities     (in thousands) APCo   $ —   $ 915   $ 68   $ 98 I&M   —   428   163   47 OPCo   —   121   —   102 PSO   —   115   —   54 SWEPCo   —   134   —   62 212 The following tables represent the gross fair value of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ derivative activity on the condensed balance sheets as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 : APCo Fair Value of Derivative Instruments June 30, 2015     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 52,015   $ —   $ —   $ 52,015   $ (13,138 )   $ 38,877 Long-term Risk Management Assets   3,286   —   —   3,286   (284 )   3,002 Total Assets   55,301   —   —   55,301   (13,422 )   41,879                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   23,210   —   —   23,210   (14,051 )   9,159 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   1,734   —   —   1,734   (286 )   1,448 Total Liabilities   24,944   —   —   24,944   (14,337 )   10,607                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 30,357   $ —   $ —   $ 30,357   $ 915   $ 31,272 APCo Fair Value of Derivative Instruments December 31, 2014     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 32,903   $ —   $ —   $ 32,903   $ (9,111 )   $ 23,792 Long-term Risk Management Assets   5,159   —   —   5,159   (268 )   4,891 Total Assets   38,062   —   —   38,062   (9,379 )   28,683                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   20,161   —   —   20,161   (9,144 )   11,017 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   2,322   —   —   2,322   (265 )   2,057 Total Liabilities   22,483   —   —   22,483   (9,409 )   13,074                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 15,579   $ —   $ —   $ 15,579   $ 30   $ 15,609 (a) Derivative instruments within these categories are reported gross.  These instruments are subject to master netting agreements and are presented on the condensed balance sheets on a net basis in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (b) Amounts include counterparty netting of risk management and hedging contracts and associated cash collateral in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (c) There are no derivative contracts subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement which are not offset in the statement of financial position. 213 I&M Fair Value of Derivative Instruments June 30, 2015     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 26,147   $ —   $ —   $ 26,147   $ (9,633 )   $ 16,514 Long-term Risk Management Assets   2,219   —   —   2,219   (193 )   2,026 Total Assets   28,366   —   —   28,366   (9,826 )   18,540                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   14,553   —   —   14,553   (10,060 )   4,493 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   1,176   —   —   1,176   (194 )   982 Total Liabilities   15,729   —   —   15,729   (10,254 )   5,475                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 12,637   $ —   $ —   $ 12,637   $ 428   $ 13,065 I&M Fair Value of Derivative Instruments December 31, 2014     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 28,545   $ —   $ —   $ 28,545   $ (6,217 )   $ 22,328 Long-term Risk Management Assets   3,499   —   —   3,499   (182 )   3,317 Total Assets   32,044   —   —   32,044   (6,399 )   25,645                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   11,326   —   —   11,326   (6,103 )   5,223 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   1,575   —   —   1,575   (180 )   1,395 Total Liabilities   12,901   —   —   12,901   (6,283 )   6,618                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 19,143   $ —   $ —   $ 19,143   $ (116 )   $ 19,027 (a) Derivative instruments within these categories are reported gross.  These instruments are subject to master netting agreements and are presented on the condensed balance sheets on a net basis in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (b) Amounts include counterparty netting of risk management and hedging contracts and associated cash collateral in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (c) There are no derivative contracts subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement which are not offset in the statement of financial position. 214 OPCo Fair Value of Derivative Instruments June 30, 2015     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 70   $ —   $ —   $ 70   $ (70 )   $ — Long-term Risk Management Assets   44,056   —   —   44,056   —   44,056 Total Assets   44,126   —   —   44,126   (70 )   44,056                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   2,201   —   —   2,201   (191 )   2,010 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   4,573   —   —   4,573   —   4,573 Total Liabilities   6,774   —   —   6,774   (191 )   6,583                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 37,352   $ —   $ —   $ 37,352   $ 121   $ 37,473 OPCo Fair Value of Derivative Instruments December 31, 2014     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 7,242   $ —   $ —   $ 7,242   $ —   $ 7,242 Long-term Risk Management Assets   45,102   —   —   45,102   —   45,102 Total Assets   52,344   —   —   52,344   —   52,344                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   2,045   —   —   2,045   (102 )   1,943 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   3,013   —   —   3,013   —   3,013 Total Liabilities   5,058   —   —   5,058   (102 )   4,956                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 47,286   $ —   $ —   $ 47,286   $ 102   $ 47,388 (a) Derivative instruments within these categories are reported gross.  These instruments are subject to master netting agreements and are presented on the condensed balance sheets on a net basis in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (b) Amounts include counterparty netting of risk management and hedging contracts and associated cash collateral in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (c) There are no derivative contracts subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement which are not offset in the statement of financial position. 215 PSO Fair Value of Derivative Instruments June 30, 2015     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 1,821   $ —   $ —   $ 1,821   $ (90 )   $ 1,731 Long-term Risk Management Assets   29   —   —   29   —   29 Total Assets   1,850   —   —   1,850   (90 )   1,760                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   334   —   —   334   (205 )   129 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   —   —   —   —   —   — Total Liabilities   334   —   —   334   (205 )   129                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ 1,516   $ —   $ —   $ 1,516   $ 115   $ 1,631 PSO Fair Value of Derivative Instruments December 31, 2014     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 360   $ —   $ —   $ 360   $ (360 )   $ — Long-term Risk Management Assets   —   —   —   —   —   — Total Assets   360   —   —   360   (360 )   —                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   1,332   —   —   1,332   (414 )   918 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   —   —   —   —   —   — Total Liabilities   1,332   —   —   1,332   (414 )   918                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ (972 )   $ —   $ —   $ (972 )   $ 54   $ (918 ) (a) Derivative instruments within these categories are reported gross.  These instruments are subject to master netting agreements and are presented on the condensed balance sheets on a net basis in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (b) Amounts include counterparty netting of risk management and hedging contracts and associated cash collateral in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (c) There are no derivative contracts subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement which are not offset in the statement of financial position. 216 SWEPCo Fair Value of Derivative Instruments June 30, 2015     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 2,183   $ —   $ —   $ 2,183   $ (106 )   $ 2,077 Long-term Risk Management Assets   33   —   —   33   —   33 Total Assets   2,216   —   —   2,216   (106 )   2,110                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   2,763   —   —   2,763   (240 )   2,523 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   —   —   —   —   —   — Total Liabilities   2,763   —   —   2,763   (240 )   2,523                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ (547 )   $ —   $ —   $ (547 )   $ 134   $ (413 ) SWEPCo Fair Value of Derivative Instruments December 31, 2014     Risk Management Contracts   Hedging Contracts   Gross Amounts of Risk Management Assets/ Liabilities Recognized   Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (b)   Net Amounts of Assets/Liabilities Presented in the Statement of Financial Position (c) Balance Sheet Location   Commodity (a)   Commodity (a)   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency (a)           (in thousands) Current Risk Management Assets   $ 471   $ —   $ —   $ 471   $ (440 )   $ 31 Long-term Risk Management Assets   —   —   —   —   —   — Total Assets   471   —   —   471   (440 )   31                           Current Risk Management Liabilities   1,584   —   —   1,584   (502 )   1,082 Long-term Risk Management Liabilities   —   —   —   —   —   — Total Liabilities   1,584   —   —   1,584   (502 )   1,082                           Total MTM Derivative Contract Net Assets (Liabilities)   $ (1,113 )   $ —   $ —   $ (1,113 )   $ 62   $ (1,051 ) (a) Derivative instruments within these categories are reported gross.  These instruments are subject to master netting agreements and are presented on the condensed balance sheets on a net basis in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (b) Amounts include counterparty netting of risk management and hedging contracts and associated cash collateral in accordance with the accounting guidance for "Derivatives and Hedging." (c) There are no derivative contracts subject to a master netting arrangement or similar agreement which are not offset in the statement of financial position. 217 The tables below present the Registrant Subsidiaries’ activity of derivative risk management contracts for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 : Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Risk Management Contracts For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 Location of Gain (Loss)   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo     (in thousands) Electric Generation, Transmission and Distribution Revenues   $ 480   $ 619   $ 35   $ 35   $ 43 Sales to AEP Affiliates   355   1,005   —   —   — Other Operation Expense   (80 )   (58 )   (111 )   (76 )   (99 ) Maintenance Expense   (133 )   (55 )   (114 )   (79 )   (84 ) Purchased Electricity for Resale   11   38   —   —   — Regulatory Assets (a)   558   328   —   954   2,111 Regulatory Liabilities (a)   26,809   8,415   (7,272 )   6,242   9,350 Total Gain (Loss) on Risk Management Contracts   $ 28,000   $ 10,292   $ (7,462 )   $ 7,076   $ 11,321 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Risk Management Contracts For the  Three Months Ended June 30, 2014 Location of Gain (Loss)   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo     (in thousands) Electric Generation, Transmission and Distribution Revenues   $ 1,184   $ 1,323   $ 56   $ 63   $ (79 ) Sales to AEP Affiliates   —   (300 )   —   300   — Regulatory Assets (a)   —   —   —   (12 )   (16 ) Regulatory Liabilities (a)   13,718   8,793   6,404   (669 )   (1,019 ) Total Gain (Loss) on Risk Management Contracts   $ 14,902   $ 9,816   $ 6,460   $ (318 )   $ (1,114 ) Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Risk Management Contracts For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2015 Location of Gain (Loss)   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo     (in thousands) Electric Generation, Transmission and Distribution Revenues   $ 1,158   $ 3,241   $ 35   $ 24   $ 26 Sales to AEP Affiliates   355   1,005   —   —   — Other Operation Expense   (199 )   (158 )   (261 )   (198 )   (246 ) Maintenance Expense   (338 )   (135 )   (257 )   (160 )   (177 ) Purchased Electricity for Resale   740   332   —   —   — Regulatory Assets (a)   1,275   (232 )   —   805   (1,422 ) Regulatory Liabilities (a)   28,600   5,839   (2,599 )   5,575   13,309 Total Gain (Loss) on Risk Management Contracts   $ 31,591   $ 9,892   $ (3,082 )   $ 6,046   $ 11,490 218 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized on Risk Management Contracts For the  Six Months Ended June 30, 2014 Location of Gain (Loss)   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo     (in thousands) Electric Generation, Transmission and Distribution Revenues   $ 6,031   $ 7,479   $ 56   $ 127   $ (56 ) Sales to AEP Affiliates   —   (521 )   —   521   — Regulatory Assets (a)   4   —   —   (10 )   (13 ) Regulatory Liabilities (a)   46,050   27,110   41,503   (189 )   311 Total Gain on Risk Management Contracts   $ 52,085   $ 34,068   $ 41,559   $ 449   $ 242 (a) Represents realized and unrealized gains and losses subject to regulatory accounting treatment recorded as either current or noncurrent on the condensed balance sheets. Certain qualifying derivative instruments have been designated as normal purchase or normal sale contracts, as provided in the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging.”  Derivative contracts that have been designated as normal purchases or normal sales under that accounting guidance are not subject to MTM accounting treatment and are recognized on the condensed statements of income on an accrual basis. The accounting for the changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies for and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship and further, on the type of hedging relationship.  Depending on the exposure, management designates a hedging instrument as a fair value hedge or a cash flow hedge. For contracts that have not been designated as part of a hedging relationship, the accounting for changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative instrument is held for trading purposes.  Unrealized and realized gains and losses on derivative instruments held for trading purposes are included in revenues on a net basis on the condensed statements of income.  Unrealized and realized gains and losses on derivative instruments not held for trading purposes are included in revenues or expenses on the condensed statements of income depending on the relevant facts and circumstances.  Certain derivatives that economically hedge future commodity risk are recorded in the same expense line item on the condensed statements of income as that of the associated risk.  However, unrealized and some realized gains and losses in regulated jurisdictions for both trading and non-trading derivative instruments are recorded as regulatory assets (for losses) or regulatory liabilities (for gains) in accordance with the accounting guidance for “Regulated Operations.” In connection with OPCo’s June 2012 - May 2015 ESP, the PUCO ordered OPCo to conduct energy and capacity auctions for its entire SSO load for delivery beginning in June 2015, see Note  4  - Rate Matters.  These auctions resulted in a range of products, including 12-month, 24-month, and 36-month periods.  The delivery period for each contract is scheduled to start on the first day of June of each year, immediately following the auction.  Certain affiliated Vertically Integrated Utility and Generation & Marketing segment entities participated in the auction process and were awarded tranches of OPCo’s SSO load.  The underlying contracts are derivatives subject to the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging” and are accounted for using MTM accounting, unless the contract has been designated as a normal purchase or normal sale.  The following table represents the affiliated portion of the Registrant Subsidiaries' assets and liabilities on the condensed balance sheets resulting from these transactions:     June 30, 2015 Company   Risk Management Assets   Regulatory Liabilities and Deferred Investment Tax Credits     (in thousands) APCo   $ 2,690   $ 2,690 I&M   3,137   3,137 219 Accounting for Cash Flow Hedging Strategies For cash flow hedges (i.e. hedging the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk), the Registrant Subsidiaries initially report the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the condensed balance sheets until the period the hedged item affects Net Income.  The Registrant Subsidiaries recognize any hedge ineffectiveness in Net Income immediately during the period of change, except in regulated jurisdictions where hedge ineffectiveness is recorded as a regulatory asset (for losses) or a regulatory liability (for gains). Realized gains and losses on derivative contracts for the purchase and sale of power designated as cash flow hedges are included in Revenues or Purchased Electricity for Resale on the condensed statements of income, or in Regulatory Assets or Regulatory Liabilities on the condensed balance sheets, depending on the specific nature of the risk being hedged.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 , the Registrant Subsidiaries did not designate power derivatives as cash flow hedges.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2014 , APCo and I&M designated power derivatives as cash flow hedges. The Registrant Subsidiaries reclassify gains and losses on heating oil and gasoline derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the condensed balance sheets into Other Operation expense, Maintenance expense or Depreciation and Amortization expense, as it relates to capital projects, on the condensed statements of income.  The impact of cash flow hedge accounting for these derivative contracts was immaterial and was discontinued effective March 31, 2014. The Registrant Subsidiaries reclassify gains and losses on interest rate derivative hedges related to debt financings from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the condensed balance sheets into Interest Expense on the condensed statements of income in those periods in which hedged interest payments occur.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 , the Registrant Subsidiaries did not designate interest rate derivatives as cash flow hedges.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2014 , I&M designated interest rate derivatives as cash flow hedges. The accumulated gains or losses related to foreign currency hedges are reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the condensed balance sheets into Depreciation and Amortization expense on the condensed statements of income over the depreciable lives of the fixed assets designated as the hedged items in qualifying foreign currency hedging relationships.  During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , the Registrant Subsidiaries did not designate any foreign currency derivatives as cash flow hedges. During the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , hedge ineffectiveness was immaterial or nonexistent for all of the hedge strategies disclosed above. For details on designated, effective cash flow hedges included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the condensed balance sheets and the reasons for changes in cash flow hedges for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015  and  2014 , see Note  3 . 220 Cash flow hedges included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the condensed balance sheets as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  were: Impact of Cash Flow Hedges on the Registrant Subsidiaries’ Condensed Balance Sheets June 30, 2015       Hedging Assets (a)   Hedging Liabilities (a)   AOCI Gain (Loss) Net of Tax Company   Commodity   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   Commodity   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   Commodity   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency     (in thousands) APCo   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 4,027 I&M   —   —   —   —   —   (13,871 ) OPCo   —   —   —   —   —   4,916 PSO   —   —   —   —   —   4,563 SWEPCo   —   —   —   —   —   (9,902 )     Expected to be Reclassified to Net Income During the Next Twelve Months     Company   Commodity   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   Maximum Term for Exposure to Variability of Future Cash Flows     (in thousands)   (in months) APCo   $ —   $ 773   0 I&M   —   (1,214 )   0 OPCo   —   1,350   0 PSO   —   759   0 SWEPCo   —   (1,728 )   0 Impact of Cash Flow Hedges on the Registrant Subsidiaries’ Condensed Balance Sheets December 31, 2014       Hedging Assets (a)   Hedging Liabilities (a)   AOCI Gain (Loss) Net of Tax Company   Commodity   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   Commodity   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency   Commodity   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency     (in thousands) APCo   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ 3,896 I&M   —   —   —   —   —   (14,406 ) OPCo   —   —   —   —   —   5,602 PSO   —   —   —   —   —   4,943 SWEPCo   —   —   —   —   —   (11,036 )     Expected to be Reclassified to Net Income During the Next Twelve Months Company   Commodity   Interest Rate and Foreign Currency     (in thousands) APCo   $ —   $ 275 I&M   —   (1,090 ) OPCo   —   1,372 PSO   —   759 SWEPCo   —   (1,998 ) (a) Hedging Assets and Hedging Liabilities are included in Risk Management Assets and Liabilities on the condensed balance sheets. The actual amounts reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) to Net Income can differ from the estimate above due to market price changes. 221 Credit Risk AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, limits credit risk in their wholesale marketing and trading activities by assessing the creditworthiness of potential counterparties before entering into transactions with them and continuing to evaluate their creditworthiness on an ongoing basis.  AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, uses Moody’s, Standard and Poor’s and current market-based qualitative and quantitative data as well as financial statements to assess the financial health of counterparties on an ongoing basis. When AEPSC, on behalf of the Registrant Subsidiaries, uses standardized master agreements, these agreements may include collateral requirements.  These master agreements facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single counterparty.  Cash, letters of credit and parental/affiliate guarantees may be obtained as security from counterparties in order to mitigate credit risk.  The collateral agreements require a counterparty to post cash or letters of credit in the event an exposure exceeds the established threshold.  The threshold represents an unsecured credit limit which may be supported by a parental/affiliate guaranty, as determined in accordance with AEP’s credit policy.  In addition, collateral agreements allow for termination and liquidation of all positions in the event of a failure or inability to post collateral. Collateral Triggering Events Under the tariffs of the RTOs and Independent System Operators (ISOs) and a limited number of derivative and non-derivative contracts primarily related to competitive retail auction loads, the Registrant Subsidiaries are obligated to post an additional amount of collateral if certain credit ratings decline below investment grade.  The amount of collateral required fluctuates based on market prices and total exposure.  On an ongoing basis, AEP’s risk management organization assesses the appropriateness of these collateral triggering items in contracts.  The Registrant Subsidiaries have not experienced a downgrade below investment grade.  The following tables represent the Registrant Subsidiaries exposure if credit ratings were to decline below a specified rating threshold as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 :     June 30, 2015         Amount of Collateral                 the Registrant Subsidiaries                 Would Have Been Required             Fair Value   to Post for Derivative   Amount of Collateral   Amount of     of Contracts   Contracts as well as Non-   the Registrant Subsidiaries   Collateral     with Credit   Derivative Contracts Subject   Would Have Been Required   Attributable to     Downgrade   to the Same Master Netting   to Post Attributable to   Other Company   Triggers   Arrangement   RTOs and ISOs   Contracts     (in thousands) APCo   $ —   $ —   $ 3,211   $ 987 I&M   —   —   2,178   215 OPCo   —   —   —   — PSO   —   —   244   6,783 SWEPCo   —   —   293   210     December 31, 2014         Amount of Collateral                 the Registrant Subsidiaries                 Would Have Been Required             Fair Value   to Post for Derivative   Amount of Collateral   Amount of     of Contracts   Contracts as well as Non-   the Registrant Subsidiaries   Collateral     with Credit   Derivative Contracts Subject   Would Have Been Required   Attributable to     Downgrade   to the Same Master Netting   to Post Attributable to   Other Company   Triggers   Arrangement   RTOs and ISOs   Contracts     (in thousands) APCo   $ —   $ —   $ 6,339   $ 74 I&M   —   —   4,299   47 OPCo   —   —   —   — PSO   —   —   693   4,111 SWEPCo   —   —   877   166 222 In addition, a majority of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ non-exchange traded commodity contracts contain cross-default provisions that, if triggered, would permit the counterparty to declare a default and require settlement of the outstanding payable.  These cross-default provisions could be triggered if there was a non-performance event by Parent or the obligor under outstanding debt or a third party obligation in excess of  $50 million .  On an ongoing basis, AEP’s risk management organization assesses the appropriateness of these cross-default provisions in the contracts.  The following tables represent: (a) the fair value of these derivative liabilities subject to cross-default provisions prior to consideration of contractual netting arrangements, (b) the amount this exposure has been reduced by cash collateral posted by the Registrant Subsidiaries and (c) if a cross-default provision would have been triggered, the settlement amount that would be required after considering the Registrant Subsidiaries’ contractual netting arrangements as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 :     June 30, 2015     Liabilities for       Additional     Contracts with Cross       Settlement     Default Provisions       Liability if Cross     Prior to Contractual   Amount of Cash   Default Provision Company   Netting Arrangements   Collateral Posted   is Triggered     (in thousands) APCo   $ 6,795   $ —   $ 6,715 I&M   4,609   —   4,554 OPCo   —   —   — PSO   —   —   — SWEPCo   —   —   —     December 31, 2014     Liabilities for       Additional     Contracts with Cross       Settlement     Default Provisions       Liability if Cross     Prior to Contractual   Amount of Cash   Default Provision Company   Netting Arrangements   Collateral Posted   is Triggered     (in thousands) APCo   $ 9,043   $ —   $ 9,012 I&M   6,134   —   6,113 OPCo   —   —   — PSO   —   —   — SWEPCo   —   —   — 223 9 .   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS Fair Value Hierarchy and Valuation Techniques The accounting guidance for “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures” establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value.  The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurement) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurement).  Where observable inputs are available for substantially the full term of the asset or liability, the instrument is categorized in Level 2.  When quoted market prices are not available, pricing may be completed using comparable securities, dealer values, operating data and general market conditions to determine fair value.  Valuation models utilize various inputs such as commodity, interest rate and, to a lesser degree, volatility and credit that include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, market corroborated inputs (i.e. inputs derived principally from, or correlated to, observable market data) and other observable inputs for the asset or liability.  The amount of risk taken is determined by the Commercial Operations and Finance groups in accordance with established risk management policies as approved by the Finance Committee of AEP’s Board of Directors.  The AEP System’s market risk oversight staff independently monitors risk policies, procedures and risk levels and provides members of the Commercial Operations Risk Committee (Regulated Risk Committee) various reports regarding compliance with policies, limits and procedures.  The Regulated Risk Committee consists of AEPSC’s Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President of Generation, Senior Vice President of Commercial Operations and Chief Risk Officer. For commercial activities, exchange traded derivatives, namely futures contracts, are generally fair valued based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are classified as Level 1.  Level 2 inputs primarily consist of OTC broker quotes in moderately active or less active markets, as well as exchange traded contracts where there is insufficient market liquidity to warrant inclusion in Level 1.  Management verifies price curves using these broker quotes and classifies these fair values within Level 2 when substantially all of the fair value can be corroborated.  Management typically obtains multiple broker quotes, which are nonbinding in nature, but are based on recent trades in the marketplace.  When multiple broker quotes are obtained, the quoted bid and ask prices are averaged.  In certain circumstances, a broker quote may be discarded if it is a clear outlier.  Management uses a historical correlation analysis between the broker quoted location and the illiquid locations.  If the points are highly correlated, these locations are included within Level 2 as well.  Certain OTC and bilaterally executed derivative instruments are executed in less active markets with a lower availability of pricing information.  Illiquid transactions, complex structured transactions, FTRs and counterparty credit risk may require nonmarket based inputs.  Some of these inputs may be internally developed or extrapolated and utilized to estimate fair value.  When such inputs have a significant impact on the measurement of fair value, the instrument is categorized as Level 3.  The main driver of the contracts being classified as Level 3 is the inability to substantiate energy price curves in the market.  A significant portion of the Level 3 instruments have been economically hedged which greatly limits potential earnings volatility. AEP utilizes its trustee’s external pricing service in its estimate of the fair value of the underlying investments held in the nuclear trusts.  AEP’s investment managers review and validate the prices utilized by the trustee to determine fair value.  AEP’s management performs its own valuation testing to verify the fair values of the securities.  AEP receives audit reports of the trustee’s operating controls and valuation processes.  The trustee uses multiple pricing vendors for the assets held in the trusts. Assets in the nuclear trusts, Restricted Cash for Securitized Funding and Cash and Cash Equivalents are classified using the following methods.  Equities are classified as Level 1 holdings if they are actively traded on exchanges.  Items classified as Level 1 are investments in money market funds, fixed income and equity mutual funds and domestic equity securities.  They are valued based on observable inputs primarily unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets.  Items classified as Level 2 are primarily investments in individual fixed income securities and cash equivalents funds.  Fixed income securities do not trade on an exchange and do not have an official closing price but their valuation inputs are based on observable market data.  Pricing vendors calculate bond valuations using financial models and matrices.  The models use observable inputs including yields on benchmark securities, quotes by securities brokers, rating agency actions, discounts or premiums on securities compared to par prices, changes in  224 yields for U.S. Treasury securities, corporate actions by bond issuers, prepayment schedules and histories, economic events and, for certain securities, adjustments to yields to reflect changes in the rate of inflation.  Other securities with model-derived valuation inputs that are observable are also classified as Level 2 investments.  Investments with unobservable valuation inputs are classified as Level 3 investments. Fair Value Measurements of Long-term Debt The fair values of Long-term Debt are based on quoted market prices, without credit enhancements, for the same or similar issues and the current interest rates offered for instruments with similar maturities classified as Level 2 measurement inputs.  These instruments are not marked-to-market.  The estimates presented are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current market exchange. The book values and fair values of Long-term Debt for the Registrant Subsidiaries as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  are summarized in the following table:     June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014 Company   Book Value   Fair Value   Book Value   Fair Value     (in thousands) APCo   $ 3,966,647   $ 4,396,429   $ 3,980,274   $ 4,711,210 I&M   2,088,913   2,264,196   2,027,397   2,255,124 OPCo   2,189,159   2,515,960   2,297,123   2,709,452 PSO   1,290,995   1,417,359   1,041,036   1,216,205 SWEPCo   2,435,478   2,600,476   2,140,437   2,402,639 Fair Value Measurements of Trust Assets for Decommissioning and SNF Disposal Nuclear decommissioning and spent nuclear fuel trust funds represent funds that regulatory commissions allow I&M to collect through rates to fund future decommissioning and spent nuclear fuel disposal liabilities.  By rules or orders, the IURC, the MPSC and the FERC established investment limitations and general risk management guidelines.  In general, limitations include: • Acceptable investments (rated investment grade or above when purchased). • Maximum percentage invested in a specific type of investment. • Prohibition of investment in obligations of AEP or its affiliates. • Withdrawals permitted only for payment of decommissioning costs and trust expenses. I&M maintains trust records for each regulatory jurisdiction.  These funds are managed by external investment managers who must comply with the guidelines and rules of the applicable regulatory authorities.  The trust assets are invested to optimize the net of tax earnings of the trust giving consideration to liquidity, risk, diversification and other prudent investment objectives. I&M records securities held in trust funds for decommissioning nuclear facilities and for the disposal of SNF at fair value.  I&M classifies securities in the trust funds as available-for-sale due to their long-term purpose.  Other-than-temporary impairments for investments in both fixed income and equity securities are considered realized losses as a result of securities being managed by an external investment management firm.  The external investment management firm makes specific investment decisions regarding the equity and fixed income investments held in these trusts and generally intends to sell fixed income securities in an unrealized loss position as part of a tax optimization strategy.  Impairments reduce the cost basis of the securities which will affect any future unrealized gain or realized gain or loss due to the adjusted cost of investment.  I&M records unrealized gains and other-than-temporary impairments from securities in these trust funds as adjustments to the regulatory liability account for the nuclear decommissioning trust funds and to regulatory assets or liabilities for the SNF disposal trust funds in accordance with their treatment in rates.  Consequently, changes in fair value of trust assets do not affect earnings or AOCI.  The trust assets are recorded by jurisdiction and may not be used for another jurisdiction’s liabilities.  Regulatory approval is required to withdraw decommissioning funds. 225 The following is a summary of nuclear trust fund investments as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 :   June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014       Gross   Other-Than-       Gross   Other-Than-   Fair   Unrealized   Temporary   Fair   Unrealized   Temporary   Value   Gains   Impairments   Value   Gains   Impairments   (in thousands) Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 52,861   $ —   $ —   $ 19,966   $ —   $ — Fixed Income Securities:                       United States Government 786,222   37,318   (2,613 )   697,042   44,615   (5,016 ) Corporate Debt 61,654   2,851   (1,115 )   47,792   4,523   (1,018 ) State and Local Government 70,170   992   (374 )   208,553   1,206   (319 ) Subtotal Fixed Income Securities 918,046   41,161   (4,102 )   953,387   50,344   (6,353 ) Equity Securities - Domestic 1,135,183   594,609   (78,256 )   1,122,379   598,788   (79,142 ) Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts $ 2,106,090   $ 635,770   $ (82,358 )   $ 2,095,732   $ 649,132   $ (85,495 ) The following table provides the securities activity within the decommissioning and SNF trusts for the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 :     Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014   2015   2014     (in thousands) Proceeds from Investment Sales   $ 287,620   $ 334,834   $ 515,784   $ 482,534 Purchases of Investments   294,870   344,324   540,711   508,835 Gross Realized Gains on Investment Sales   7,657   9,077   18,810   17,218 Gross Realized Losses on Investment Sales   5,885   7,834   9,656   8,708 The adjusted cost of fixed income securities was  $877 million  and  $903 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively.  The adjusted cost of equity securities was  $540 million  and  $524 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively. The fair value of fixed income securities held in the nuclear trust funds, summarized by contractual maturities, as of  June 30, 2015  was as follows:   Fair Value of Fixed Income Securities   (in thousands) Within 1 year $ 140,990 1 year – 5 years 375,637 5 years – 10 years 186,505 After 10 years 214,914 Total $ 918,046 226 Fair Value Measurements of Financial Assets and Liabilities The following tables set forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, the Registrant Subsidiaries’ financial assets and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 .  As required by the accounting guidance for “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  Management’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the valuation of fair value assets and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels.  There have not been any significant changes in management’s valuation techniques. APCo Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis June 30, 2015       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Restricted Cash for Securitized Funding (a)   $ 15,565   $ —   $ —   $ 18   $ 15,583                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   176   20,754   34,210   (13,261 )   41,879                       Total Assets:   $ 15,741   $ 20,754   $ 34,210   $ (13,243 )   $ 57,462                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 197   $ 24,212   $ 374   $ (14,176 )   $ 10,607 APCo Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis December 31, 2014       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Restricted Cash for Securitized Funding (a)   $ 15,599   $ —   $ —   $ 33   $ 15,632                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   206   20,197   17,654   (9,374 )   28,683                       Total Assets:   $ 15,805   $ 20,197   $ 17,654   $ (9,341 )   $ 44,315                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 227   $ 20,339   $ 1,912   $ (9,404 )   $ 13,074 227 I&M Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis June 30, 2015       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 119   $ 15,428   $ 12,710   $ (9,717 )   $ 18,540                       Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts                     Cash and Cash Equivalents (d)   41,818   —   —   11,043   52,861 Fixed Income Securities:                     United States Government   —   786,222   —   —   786,222 Corporate Debt   —   61,654   —   —   61,654 State and Local Government   —   70,170   —   —   70,170 Subtotal Fixed Income Securities   —   918,046   —   —   918,046 Equity Securities - Domestic (e)   1,135,183   —   —   —   1,135,183 Total   Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts   1,177,001   918,046   —   11,043   2,106,090                       Total Assets   $ 1,177,120   $ 933,474   $ 12,710   $ 1,326   $ 2,124,630                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 133   $ 14,621   $ 866   $ (10,145 )   $ 5,475 228 I&M Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis December 31, 2014       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 140   $ 15,893   $ 16,008   $ (6,396 )   $ 25,645                       Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts                     Cash and Cash Equivalents (d)   9,418   —   —   10,548   19,966 Fixed Income Securities:                   United States Government   —   697,042   —   —   697,042 Corporate Debt   —   47,792   —   —   47,792 State and Local Government   —   208,553   —   —   208,553 Subtotal Fixed Income Securities   —   953,387   —   —   953,387 Equity Securities - Domestic (e)   1,122,379   —   —   —   1,122,379 Total   Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts   1,131,797   953,387   —   10,548   2,095,732                       Total Assets   $ 1,131,937   $ 969,280   $ 16,008   $ 4,152   $ 2,121,377                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 154   $ 11,440   $ 1,304   $ (6,280 )   $ 6,618 229 OPCo Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis June 30, 2015       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ —   $ 121   $ 42,474   $ 1,461   $ 44,056                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ —   $ 426   $ 4,817   $ 1,340   $ 6,583 OPCo Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis December 31, 2014       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Restricted Cash for Securitized Funding (a)   $ 408   $ —   $ —   $ 28,288   $ 28,696                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   —   —   52,343   1   52,344                       Total Assets   $ 408   $ —   $ 52,343   $ 28,289   $ 81,040                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ —   $ 1,116   $ 3,941   $ (101 )   $ 4,956 230 PSO Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis June 30, 2015       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 2   $ 98   $ 1,750   $ (90 )   $ 1,760                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 5   $ 278   $ 51   $ (205 )   $ 129 PSO Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis December 31, 2014       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ —   $ —   $ 360   $ (360 )   $ —                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ —   $ 595   $ 737   $ (414 )   $ 918 231 SWEPCo Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis June 30, 2015       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Cash and Cash Equivalents (a)   $ 6,391   $ —   $ —   $ 1,626   $ 8,017                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   3   114   2,100   (107 )   2,110                       Total Assets   $ 6,394   $ 114   $ 2,100   $ 1,519   $ 10,127                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ 6   $ 2,697   $ 61   $ (241 )   $ 2,523 SWEPCo Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis December 31, 2014       Level 1   Level 2   Level 3   Other   Total Assets:   (in thousands)                       Cash and Cash Equivalents (a)   $ 12,660   $ —   $ —   $ 1,696   $ 14,356                       Risk Management Assets                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   —   31   439   (439 )   31                       Total Assets   $ 12,660   $ 31   $ 439   $ 1,257   $ 14,387                       Liabilities:                                           Risk Management Liabilities                     Risk Management Commodity Contracts (b) (c)   $ —   $ 684   $ 899   $ (501 )   $ 1,082 (a) Amounts in "Other" column primarily represent cash deposits in bank accounts with financial institutions or with third parties.  Level 1 amounts primarily represent investment in money market funds. (b) Amounts in “Other” column primarily represent counterparty netting of risk management and hedging contracts and associated cash collateral under the accounting guidance for “Derivatives and Hedging.” (c) Substantially comprised of power contracts for APCo, I&M and OPCo and coal contracts for PSO and SWEPCo. (d) Amounts in “Other” column primarily represent accrued interest receivables from financial institutions.  Level 1 amounts primarily represent investments in money market funds. (e) Amounts represent publicly traded equity securities and equity-based mutual funds. There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the  three and six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014 . 232 The following tables set forth a reconciliation of changes in the fair value of net trading derivatives classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy for the Registrant Subsidiaries: Three Months Ended June 30, 2015   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo     (in thousands) Balance as of March 31, 2015   $ 5,987   $ 5,573   $ 45,942   $ (685 )   $ (1,222 ) Realized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) (a) (b)   (1,380 )   (802 )   638   766   4,173 Purchases, Issuances and Settlements (c)   (1,606 )   (2,264 )   (1,691 )   (81 )   (2,951 ) Transfers out of Level 3 (e) (f)   1,167   792   —   —   — Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (g)   29,668   8,545   (7,232 )   1,699   2,039 Balance as of June 30, 2015   $ 33,836   $ 11,844   $ 37,657   $ 1,699   $ 2,039 Three Months Ended June 30, 2014   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo     (in thousands) Balance as of March 31, 2014   $ 7,401   $ 4,842   $ 3,912   $ 349   $ 442 Realized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) (a) (b)   (4,046 )   (2,554 )   (4,236 )   (349 )   (442 ) Purchases, Issuances and Settlements (c)   (32 )   (35 )   347   —   — Transfers into Level 3 (d) (e)   182   124   —   —   — Transfers out of Level 3 (e) (f)   3   2   —   —   — Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (g)   14,886   10,544   9,277   (3 )   (3 ) Balance as of June 30, 2014   $ 18,394   $ 12,923   $ 9,300   $ (3 )   $ (3 ) Six Months Ended June 30, 2015   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo     (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2014   $ 15,742   $ 14,704   $ 48,402   $ (377 )   $ (460 ) Realized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) (a) (b)   1,230   (825 )   1,548   (176 )   9,187 Purchases, Issuances and Settlements (c)   (14,964 )   (11,319 )   (8,368 )   553   (8,727 ) Transfers out of Level 3 (e) (f)   1,167   792   —   —   — Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (g)   30,661   8,492   (3,925 )   1,699   2,039 Balance as of June 30, 2015   $ 33,836   $ 11,844   $ 37,657   $ 1,699   $ 2,039 233 Six Months Ended June 30, 2014   APCo   I&M   OPCo   PSO   SWEPCo     (in thousands) Balance as of December 31, 2013   $ 10,562   $ 7,164   $ 2,920   $ —   $ — Realized Gain (Loss) Included in Net Income (or Changes in Net Assets) (a) (b)   29,132   18,211   30,768   —   — Purchases, Issuances and Settlements (c)   (31,790 )   (20,014 )   (33,688 )   —   — Transfers into Level 3 (d) (e)   (3,643 )   (2,471 )   —   —   — Transfers out of Level 3 (e) (f)   (2 )   (2 )   —   —   — Changes in Fair Value Allocated to Regulated Jurisdictions (g)   14,135   10,035   9,300   (3 )   (3 ) Balance as of June 30, 2014   $ 18,394   $ 12,923   $ 9,300   $ (3 )   $ (3 ) (a) Included in revenues on the condensed statements of income. (b) Represents the change in fair value between the beginning of the reporting period and the settlement of the risk management commodity contract. (c) Represents the settlement of risk management commodity contracts for the reporting period. (d) Represents existing assets or liabilities that were previously categorized as Level 2. (e) Transfers are recognized based on their value at the beginning of the reporting period that the transfer occurred. (f) Represents existing assets or liabilities that were previously categorized as Level 3. (g) Relates to the net gains (losses) of those contracts that are not reflected on the condensed statements of income.  These net gains (losses) are recorded as regulatory liabilities/assets. The following tables quantify the significant unobservable inputs used in developing the fair value of Level 3 positions for the Registrant Subsidiaries as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 : Significant Unobservable Inputs June 30, 2015   APCo           Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     Energy Contracts $ 10,570   $ 183   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ 15.36   $ 56.30   $ 35.88 FTRs 23,640   191   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    (6.16 )   9.87   1.57 Total $ 34,210   $ 374                     Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2014   APCo           Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     Energy Contracts $ 5,801   $ 1,799   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ 13.43   $ 123.02   $ 52.47 FTRs 11,853   113   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    (14.63 )   20.02   1.01 Total $ 17,654   $ 1,912                     234 Significant Unobservable Inputs June 30, 2015   I&M               Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     Energy Contracts $ 9,184   $ 116   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ 15.36   $ 56.30   $ 35.88 FTRs 3,526   750   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    (6.16 )   9.87   1.57 Total $ 12,710   $ 866                     Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2014   I&M               Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     Energy Contracts $ 6,375   $ 1,219   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ 13.43   $ 123.02   $ 52.47 FTRs 9,633   85   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    (14.63 )   20.02   1.01 Total $ 16,008   $ 1,304                     Significant Unobservable Inputs June 30, 2015   OPCo               Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     Energy Contracts $ 42,474   $ 4,817   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ 42.89   $ 163.52   $ 91.51 Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2014   OPCo               Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     Energy Contracts $ 45,101   $ 3,941   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ 48.25   $ 159.92   $ 84.04 FTRs 7,242   —   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    (14.63 )   20.02   1.01   $ 52,343   $ 3,941                     235 Significant Unobservable Inputs June 30, 2015   PSO               Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     FTRs $ 1,750   $ 51   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ (6.16 )   $ 9.87   $ 1.57 Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2014   PSO               Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     FTRs $ 360   $ 737   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ (14.63 )   $ 20.02   $ 1.01 Significant Unobservable Inputs June 30, 2015   SWEPCo               Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     FTRs $ 2,100   $ 61   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ (6.16 )   $ 9.87   $ 1.57 Significant Unobservable Inputs December 31, 2014   SWEPCo               Significant   Forward Price Range   Fair Value   Valuation   Unobservable           Weighted   Assets   Liabilities   Technique   Input (a)   Low   High   Average   (in thousands)                     FTRs $ 439   $ 899   Discounted Cash Flow    Forward Market Price    $ (14.63 )   $ 20.02   $ 1.01 (a) Represents market prices in dollars per MWh. The following table provides sensitivity of fair value measurements to increases (decreases) in significant unobservable inputs related to Energy Contracts and FTRs for the Registrant Subsidiaries as of  June 30, 2015 : Sensitivity of Fair Value Measurements June 30, 2015 Significant Unobservable Input   Position   Change in Input   Impact on Fair Value Measurement Forward Market Price   Buy   Increase (Decrease)   Higher (Lower) Forward Market Price   Sell   Increase (Decrease)   Lower (Higher) 236 10 .   INCOME TAXES AEP System Tax Allocation Agreement The Registrant Subsidiaries join in the filing of a consolidated federal income tax return with their affiliates in the AEP System.  The allocation of the AEP System’s current consolidated federal income tax to the AEP System companies allocates the benefit of current tax losses to the AEP System companies giving rise to such losses in determining their current tax expense.  The tax benefit of the Parent is allocated to its subsidiaries with taxable income.  With the exception of the loss of the Parent, the method of allocation reflects a separate return result for each company in the consolidated group. Federal and State Income Tax Audit Status The Registrant Subsidiaries are no longer subject to U.S. federal examination for years before 2011.  The IRS examination of years 2011, 2012 and 2013 started in April 2014.  Although the outcome of tax audits is uncertain, in management’s opinion, adequate provisions for federal income taxes have been made for potential liabilities resulting from such matters.  In addition, the Registrant Subsidiaries accrue interest on these uncertain tax positions.  Management is not aware of any issues for open tax years that upon final resolution are expected to materially impact the Registrant Subsidiaries' net income. The Registrant Subsidiaries file income tax returns in various state and local jurisdictions.  These taxing authorities routinely examine the tax returns and the Registrant Subsidiaries are currently under examination in several state and local jurisdictions.  However, it is possible that previously filed tax returns have positions that may be challenged by these tax authorities.  Management believes that adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities resulting from such challenges and that the ultimate resolution of these audits will not materially impact the Registrant Subsidiaries' net income.  The Registrant Subsidiaries are no longer subject to state or local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2009. State Tax Legislation House Bill 32 was passed by the state of Texas in June 2015 permanently reducing the Texas income/franchise tax rate from  0.95%  to  0.75%  effective January 1, 2016, applicable to reports originally due on or after the effective date.  The Texas income/franchise tax rate had been scheduled to return to  1%  in 2016.  The enacted provision did not materially impact the Registrant Subsidiaries' net income, cash flows or financial condition.  237 11 .   FINANCING ACTIVITIES Long-term Debt Long-term debt and other securities issued, retired and principal payments made during the first  six  months of  2015  are shown in the tables below: Company   Type of Debt   Principal Amount (a)   Interest Rate   Due Date Issuances:       (in thousands)   (%)     APCo   Pollution Control Bonds   $ 86,000   1.90   2019 APCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   350,000   4.45   2045 APCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   300,000   3.40   2025 I&M   Notes Payable   111,300   Variable   2019 I&M   Other Long-term Debt   100,000   Variable   2018 PSO   Senior Unsecured Notes   125,000   3.17   2025 PSO   Senior Unsecured Notes   125,000   4.09   2045 SWEPCo   Pollution Control Bonds   53,500   1.60   2019 SWEPCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   400,000   3.90   2045 (a) Amounts indicated on the statements of cash flows are net of issuance costs and premium or discount and will not tie to the issuance amounts. Company   Type of Debt    Principal Amount Paid   Interest Rate   Due Date Retirements and Principal Payments:       (in thousands)   (%)     APCo   Land Note   $ 18   13.718   2026 APCo   Notes Payable - Affiliated   86,000   3.125   2015 APCo   Securitization Bonds   11,037   2.008   2024 APCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   350,000   7.95   2020 APCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   300,000   3.40   2015 I&M   Notes Payable   18,600   Variable   2016 I&M   Notes Payable   13,659   Variable   2017 I&M   Notes Payable   16,501   Variable   2019 I&M   Notes Payable   5,834   Variable   2019 I&M   Notes Payable   844   Variable   2016 I&M   Notes Payable   585   2.12   2016 I&M   Other Long-term Debt   93,500   Variable   2015 I&M   Other Long-term Debt   554   6.00   2025 OPCo   Other Long-term Debt   38   1.149   2028 OPCo   Pollution Control Bonds   86,000   3.125   2015 OPCo   Securitization Bonds   22,200   0.958   2018 PSO   Other Long-term Debt   212   3.00   2027 SWEPCo   Notes Payable   1,625   4.58   2032 SWEPCo   Pollution Control Bonds   53,500   3.25   2015 SWEPCo   Senior Unsecured Notes   100,000   5.375   2015 In July 2015, OPCo retired $23 million of Securitization Bonds. In July 2015, SWEPCo retired $150 million of 4.9% Senior Unsecured Notes due in 2015. As of  June 30, 2015 , trustees held on behalf of I&M and OPCo,  $40 million  and  $345 million , respectively, of their reacquired Pollution Control Bonds. 238 Dividend Restrictions The Registrant Subsidiaries pay dividends to Parent provided funds are legally available.  Various financing arrangements and regulatory requirements may impose certain restrictions on the ability of the Registrant Subsidiaries to transfer funds to Parent in the form of dividends. Federal Power Act The Federal Power Act prohibits each of the Registrant Subsidiaries from participating “in the making or paying of any dividends of such public utility from any funds properly included in capital account.”  The term “capital account” is not defined in the Federal Power Act or its regulations.  Management understands “capital account” to mean the book value of the common stock.  This restriction does not limit the ability of the Registrant Subsidiaries to pay dividends out of retained earnings. Additionally, the Federal Power Act creates a reserve on earnings attributable to hydroelectric generation plants.  Because of their respective ownership of such plants, this reserve applies to APCo and I&M. Leverage Restrictions Pursuant to the credit agreement leverage restrictions, APCo, I&M, PSO and SWEPCo must maintain a percentage of debt to total capitalization at a level that does not exceed  67.5% . Utility Money Pool – AEP System The AEP System uses a corporate borrowing program to meet the short-term borrowing needs of AEP’s subsidiaries.  The corporate borrowing program includes a Utility Money Pool, which funds AEP’s utility subsidiaries.  The AEP System Utility Money Pool operates in accordance with the terms and conditions of the AEP System Utility Money Pool agreement filed with the FERC.  The amounts of outstanding loans to (borrowings from) the Utility Money Pool as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  are included in Advances to Affiliates and Advances from Affiliates, respectively, on each of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ condensed balance sheets.  The Utility Money Pool participants’ money pool activity and their corresponding authorized borrowing limits for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015  are described in the following table:     Maximum       Average       Net Loans to         Borrowings   Maximum   Borrowings   Average   (Borrowings from)   Authorized     from the   Loans to the   from the   Loans to the   the Utility Money   Short-term     Utility   Utility   Utility   Utility   Pool as of   Borrowing Company   Money Pool   Money Pool   Money Pool   Money Pool   June 30, 2015   Limit     (in thousands) APCo   $ 82,417   $ 694,785   $ 58,723   $ 133,887   $ (33,703 )   $ 600,000 I&M   200,032   13,515   141,520   13,501   (127,154 )   500,000 OPCo   —   367,472   —   273,487   187,812   400,000 PSO   165,947   95,472   113,117   51,855   64,212   300,000 SWEPCo   112,481   299,932   52,596   170,502   179,709   350,000 239 The maximum and minimum interest rates for funds either borrowed from or loaned to the Utility Money Pool were as follows:     Six Months Ended June 30,     2015   2014 Maximum Interest Rate   0.59 %   0.33 % Minimum Interest Rate   0.39 %   0.24 % The average interest rates for funds borrowed from and loaned to the Utility Money Pool for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  are summarized for all Registrant Subsidiaries in the following table:     Average Interest Rate for Funds Borrowed from the Utility Money Pool for   Average Interest Rate for Funds Loaned to the Utility Money Pool for     Six Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30, Company   2015   2014   2015   2014 APCo   0.45 %   0.26 %   0.46 %   0.29 % I&M   0.47 %   0.26 %   0.47 %   0.30 % OPCo   — %   0.27 %   0.47 %   0.29 % PSO   0.49 %   0.28 %   0.47 %   — % SWEPCo   0.46 %   0.28 %   0.49 %   — % Credit Facilities For a discussion of credit facilities, see “Letters of Credit” section of Note  5 . Sale of Receivables – AEP Credit Under a sale of receivables arrangement, the Registrant Subsidiaries sell, without recourse, certain of their customer accounts receivable and accrued unbilled revenue balances to AEP Credit and are charged a fee based on AEP Credit’s financing costs, administrative costs and uncollectible accounts experience for each Registrant Subsidiary’s receivables.  APCo does not have regulatory authority to sell its West Virginia accounts receivable.  The costs of customer accounts receivable sold are reported in Other Operation expense on the Registrant Subsidiaries’ condensed statements of income.  The Registrant Subsidiaries manage and service their customer accounts receivable sold. AEP Credit's receivables securitization agreement provides a commitment of  $750 million  from bank conduits to purchase receivables.  The agreement was increased in June 2014 from  $700 million  and expires in June 2017. The amount of accounts receivable and accrued unbilled revenues under the sale of receivables agreement for each Registrant Subsidiary as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  was as follows:     June 30,   December 31, Company   2015   2014     (in thousands) APCo   $ 139,005   $ 159,823 I&M   145,633   137,459 OPCo   366,098   365,834 PSO   131,940   112,905 SWEPCo   163,994   148,668 240 The fees paid by the Registrant Subsidiaries to AEP Credit for customer accounts receivable sold were:     Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30, Company   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in thousands) APCo   $ 1,573   $ 2,037   $ 4,027   $ 4,460 I&M   2,063   1,785   4,420   3,825 OPCo   6,668   6,647   14,683   14,145 PSO   1,324   1,349   2,746   2,672 SWEPCo   1,625   1,579   3,347   3,145 The Registrant Subsidiaries’ proceeds on the sale of receivables to AEP Credit were:     Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30, Company   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in thousands) APCo   $ 330,593   $ 345,963   $ 760,217   $ 783,159 I&M   371,058   353,030   790,619   760,180 OPCo   563,381   626,025   1,278,365   1,312,652 PSO   311,885   325,536   614,386   615,753 SWEPCo   381,100   420,909   754,267   811,497 241 12 .   VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES The accounting guidance for “Variable Interest Entities” is a consolidation model that considers if a company has a controlling financial interest in a VIE.  A controlling financial interest will have both (a) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.  Entities are required to consolidate a VIE when it is determined that they have a controlling financial interest in a VIE and therefore, are the primary beneficiary of that VIE, as defined by the accounting guidance for “Variable Interest Entities.”  In determining whether they are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, management considers for each Registrant Subsidiary factors such as equity at risk, the amount of the VIE’s variability the Registrant Subsidiary absorbs, guarantees of indebtedness, voting rights including kick-out rights, the power to direct the VIE, variable interests held by related parties and other factors.  Management believes that significant assumptions and judgments were applied consistently.  In addition, the Registrant Subsidiaries have not provided financial or other support to any VIE that was not previously contractually required. SWEPCo is the primary beneficiary of Sabine.  I&M is the primary beneficiary of DCC Fuel.  OPCo is the primary beneficiary of Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding.  APCo is the primary beneficiary of Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding.  In addition, the Registrant Subsidiaries have not provided material financial or other support to any of these entities that was not previously contractually required.  SWEPCo holds a significant variable interest in DHLC.  Each of the Registrant Subsidiaries hold a significant variable interest in AEPSC.  I&M holds a significant variable interest in AEGCo.   Sabine is a mining operator providing mining services to SWEPCo.  SWEPCo has no equity investment in Sabine but is Sabine’s only customer.  SWEPCo guarantees the debt obligations and lease obligations of Sabine.  Under the terms of the note agreements, substantially all assets are pledged and all rights under the lignite mining agreement are assigned to SWEPCo.  The creditors of Sabine have no recourse to any AEP entity other than SWEPCo.  Under the provisions of the mining agreement, SWEPCo is required to pay, as a part of the cost of lignite delivered, an amount equal to mining costs plus a management fee.  In addition, SWEPCo determines how much coal will be mined each year.  Based on these facts, management concluded that SWEPCo is the primary beneficiary and is required to consolidate Sabine.  SWEPCo’s total billings from Sabine for the three months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $41 million  and  $41 million , respectively, and for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $83 million  and  $80 million , respectively.  See the table below for the classification of Sabine’s assets and liabilities on SWEPCo’s condensed balance sheets. The balances below represent the assets and liabilities of Sabine that are consolidated.  These balances include intercompany transactions that are eliminated upon consolidation. SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY CONSOLIDATED VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (in thousands)     Sabine ASSETS   2015   2014 Current Assets   $ 57,592   $ 67,981 Net Property, Plant and Equipment   142,265   145,491 Other Noncurrent Assets   59,717   51,578 Total Assets   $ 259,574   $ 265,050           LIABILITIES AND EQUITY         Current Liabilities   $ 28,122   $ 36,286 Noncurrent Liabilities   231,155   228,349 Equity   297   415 Total Liabilities and Equity   $ 259,574   $ 265,050 242 I&M has nuclear fuel lease agreements with DCC Fuel, which was formed for the purpose of acquiring, owning and leasing nuclear fuel to I&M.  DCC Fuel purchased the nuclear fuel from I&M with funds received from the issuance of notes to financial institutions.  Each DCC Fuel entity is a single-lessee leasing arrangement with only one asset and is capitalized with all debt.  Each is a separate legal entity from I&M, the assets of which are not available to satisfy the debts of I&M.  Payments on the leases for the three months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $34 million  and  $32 million , respectively, and for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $57 million  and  $56 million , respectively.  The leases were recorded as capital leases on I&M’s balance sheet as title to the nuclear fuel transfers to I&M at the end of the respective lease terms, which do not exceed  54 months .  Based on I&M’s control of DCC Fuel, management concluded that I&M is the primary beneficiary and is required to consolidate DCC Fuel.  The capital leases are eliminated upon consolidation.  See the table below for the classification of DCC Fuel’s assets and liabilities on I&M’s condensed balance sheets. The balances below represent the assets and liabilities of DCC Fuel that are consolidated.  These balances include intercompany transactions that are eliminated upon consolidation. INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (in thousands)     DCC Fuel ASSETS   2015   2014 Current Assets   $ 114,522   $ 97,361 Net Property, Plant and Equipment   219,786   158,121 Other Noncurrent Assets   117,702   79,705 Total Assets   $ 452,010   $ 335,187           LIABILITIES AND EQUITY         Current Liabilities   $ 109,491   $ 86,026 Noncurrent Liabilities   342,519   249,161 Total Liabilities and Equity   $ 452,010   $ 335,187 Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding was formed for the sole purpose of issuing and servicing securitization bonds related to phase-in recovery property.  Management has concluded that OPCo is the primary beneficiary of Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding because OPCo has the power to direct the most significant activities of the VIE and OPCo's equity interest could potentially be significant.  Therefore, OPCo is required to consolidate Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding.  The securitized bonds totaled  $210 million  and  $232 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively, and are included in current and long-term debt on the condensed balance sheets.  Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding has securitized assets of  $98 million  and  $110 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively, which are presented separately on the face of the condensed balance sheets.  The phase-in recovery property represents the right to impose and collect Ohio deferred distribution charges from customers receiving electric transmission and distribution service from OPCo under a recovery mechanism approved by the PUCO.  In August 2013, securitization bonds were issued.  The securitization bonds are payable only from and secured by the securitized assets.  The bondholders have no recourse to OPCo or any other AEP entity.  OPCo acts as the servicer for Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding's securitized assets and remits all related amounts collected from customers to Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding for interest and principal payments on the securitization bonds and related costs.  See the table below for the classification of Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding’s assets and liabilities on OPCo’s condensed balance sheets. 243 The balances below represent the assets and liabilities of Ohio Phase-in-Recovery Funding that are consolidated.  These balances include intercompany transactions that are eliminated upon consolidation. OHIO POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (in thousands) Ohio Phase-In Recovery  Funding ASSETS 2015 2014 Current Assets $ 32,778 $ 32,676 Other Noncurrent Assets (a) 186,609 209,922 Total Assets $ 219,387 $ 242,598   LIABILITIES AND EQUITY   Current Liabilities $ 47,539 $ 47,099 Noncurrent Liabilities 170,511 194,162 Equity 1,337 1,337 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 219,387 $ 242,598 (a) Includes an intercompany item eliminated in consolidation as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  of  $87 million  and  $97 million , respectively. Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding was formed for the sole purpose of issuing and servicing securitization bonds related to APCo's under-recovered ENEC deferral balance.  Management has concluded that APCo is the primary beneficiary of Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding because APCo has the power to direct the most significant activities of the VIE and APCo's equity interest could potentially be significant.  Therefore, APCo is required to consolidate Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding.  The securitized bonds totaled  $357 million  and  $368 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively, and are included in current and long term debt on the condensed balance sheets.  Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding has securitized assets of  $339 million  and  $350 million  as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , respectively, which are presented separately on the face of the condensed balance sheets.  The phase-in recovery property represents the right to impose and collect West Virginia deferred generation charges from customers receiving electric transmission, distribution and generation service from APCo under a recovery mechanism approved by the WVPSC.  In November 2013, securitization bonds were issued.  The securitization bonds are payable only from and secured by the securitized assets.  The bondholders have no recourse to APCo or any other AEP entity.  APCo acts as the servicer for Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding's securitized assets and remits all related amounts collected from customers to Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding for interest and principal payments on the securitization bonds and related costs.  See the table below for the classification of Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding’s assets and liabilities on APCo’s condensed balance sheets. 244 The balances below represent the assets and liabilities of Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding that are consolidated.  These balances include intercompany transactions that are eliminated upon consolidation. APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014   (in thousands)     Appalachian Consumer Rate Relief Funding ASSETS   2015   2014 Current Assets   $ 19,145   $ 18,099 Other Noncurrent Assets (a)   346,809   358,264 Total Assets   $ 365,954   $ 376,363           LIABILITIES AND EQUITY         Current Liabilities   $ 26,912   $ 26,809 Noncurrent Liabilities   337,316   347,652 Equity   1,726   1,902 Total Liabilities and Equity   $ 365,954   $ 376,363 (a) Includes an intercompany item eliminated in consolidation as of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014  of  $4 million  and  $4 million , respectively. DHLC is a mining operator which sells  50%  of the lignite produced to SWEPCo and  50%  to CLECO.  SWEPCo and CLECO share the executive board seats and voting rights equally.  Each entity guarantees  50%  of DHLC’s debt.  SWEPCo and CLECO equally approve DHLC’s annual budget.  The creditors of DHLC have no recourse to any AEP entity other than SWEPCo.  As SWEPCo is the sole equity owner of DHLC, it receives  100%  of the management fee.  SWEPCo’s total billings from DHLC for the three months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $15 million  and  $6 million , respectively, and for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015 and 2014  were  $29 million  and  $8 million , respectively.  SWEPCo is not required to consolidate DHLC as it is not the primary beneficiary, although SWEPCo holds a significant variable interest in DHLC.  SWEPCo’s equity investment in DHLC is included in Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets on SWEPCo’s condensed balance sheets. SWEPCo’s investment in DHLC was:     June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014       As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum Exposure   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum Exposure       (in thousands)   Capital Contribution from SWEPCo   $ 7,643   $ 7,643   $ 7,643   $ 7,643   Retained Earnings   5,540   5,540   3,819   3,819   SWEPCo's Guarantee of Debt   —   106,408 (a) —   104,334 (a)                     Total Investment in DHLC   $ 13,183   $ 119,591   $ 11,462   $ 115,796   (a) Includes affiliate advances due to Parent related to participation in the Utility Money Pool of  $56 million  and  $56 million  in  2015  and  2014 , respectively. AEPSC provides certain managerial and professional services to AEP’s subsidiaries.  AEP is the sole equity owner of AEPSC.  AEP management controls the activities of AEPSC.  The costs of the services are based on a direct charge or on a prorated basis and billed to the AEP subsidiary companies at AEPSC’s cost.  AEP subsidiaries have not provided financial or other support outside of the reimbursement of costs for services rendered.  AEPSC finances its operations through cost reimbursement from other AEP subsidiaries.  There are no other terms or arrangements between AEPSC  245 and any of the AEP subsidiaries that could require additional financial support from an AEP subsidiary or expose them to losses outside of the normal course of business.  AEPSC and its billings are subject to regulation by the FERC.  AEP subsidiaries are exposed to losses to the extent they cannot recover the costs of AEPSC through their normal business operations.  AEP subsidiaries are considered to have a significant interest in AEPSC due to their activity in AEPSC’s cost reimbursement structure.  However, AEP subsidiaries do not have control over AEPSC.  AEPSC is consolidated by AEP.  In the event AEPSC would require financing or other support outside the cost reimbursement billings, this financing would be provided by AEP. Total AEPSC billings to the Registrant Subsidiaries were as follows:     Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30, Company   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in thousands) APCo   $ 52,722   $ 53,959   $ 100,970   $ 104,096 I&M   31,134   30,103   64,636   62,073 OPCo   40,907   40,441   80,137   79,490 PSO   24,442   22,889   47,966   47,329 SWEPCo   31,900   32,718   63,414   65,741 The carrying amount and classification of variable interest in AEPSC’s accounts payable are as follows:     June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014 Company   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum Exposure   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum Exposure     (in thousands) APCo   $ 19,141   $ 19,141   $ 30,692   $ 30,692 I&M   11,173   11,173   22,480   22,480 OPCo   15,423   15,423   24,695   24,695 PSO   9,017   9,017   15,338   15,338 SWEPCo   12,114   12,114   20,772   20,772 AEGCo, a wholly-owned subsidiary of AEP, is consolidated by AEP.  AEGCo owns a  50%  ownership interest in Rockport Plant, Unit 1, leases a  50%  interest in Rockport Plant, Unit 2 and owns  100%  of the Lawrenceburg Generating Station.  AEGCo sells all the output from the Rockport Plant to I&M and KPCo.   AEGCo has a Unit Power Agreement associated with the Lawrenceburg Generating Station which was assigned by OPCo to AGR effective January 1, 2014.  AEP has agreed to provide AEGCo with the funds necessary to satisfy all of the debt obligations of AEGCo.  I&M is considered to have a significant interest in AEGCo due to these transactions.  I&M is exposed to losses to the extent it cannot recover the costs of AEGCo through its normal business operations.  In the event AEGCo would require financing or other support outside the billings to I&M and KPCo, this financing would be provided by AEP.  For additional information regarding AEGCo’s lease, see “Rockport Lease” section of Note 13 in the 2014 Annual Report. Total billings from AEGCo were as follows:     Three Months Ended June 30,   Six Months Ended June 30, Company   2015   2014   2015   2014     (in thousands) I&M   $ 59,993   $ 65,190   $ 114,958   $ 135,612 The carrying amount and classification of variable interest in AEGCo’s accounts payable are as follows:     June 30, 2015   December 31, 2014 Company   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum Exposure   As Reported on the Balance Sheet   Maximum Exposure     (in thousands) I&M   $ 21,084   $ 21,084   $ 20,031   $ 20,031 246 13 .   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Asset Retirement Obligations (ARO) The Registrant Subsidiaries record ARO in accordance with the accounting guidance for “Asset Retirement and Environmental Obligations” for the retirement of certain ash disposal facilities, closure and monitoring of underground carbon storage facilities at Mountaineer Plant and coal mining facilities, as well as asbestos removal.  I&M records ARO for the decommissioning of the Cook Plant.  The Registrant Subsidiaries have identified, but not recognized, ARO liabilities related to electric transmission and distribution assets as a result of certain easements on property on which assets are owned.  Generally, such easements are perpetual and require only the retirement and removal of assets upon the cessation of the property’s use.  The retirement obligation is not estimable for such easements since the Registrant Subsidiaries plan to use their facilities indefinitely.  The retirement obligation would only be recognized if and when the Registrant Subsidiaries abandon or cease the use of specific easements, which is not expected. As of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , I&M's ARO liability for nuclear decommissioning of the Cook Plant was  $1.3 billion  and  $1.3 billion , respectively.  These liabilities are reflected in Asset Retirement Obligations on I&M's condensed balance sheets.  As of  June 30, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 , the fair value of I&M's assets that are legally restricted for purposes of settling decommissioning liabilities totaled  $1.8 billion  and  $1.8 billion , respectively.  These assets are included in Spent Nuclear Fuel and Decommissioning Trusts on I&M's condensed balance sheets. The Registrant Subsidiaries recorded an increase in asset retirement obligations in the  second quarter of 2015 , partially related to the final Coal Combustion Residual Rule, which was published in the Federal Register in April 2015.  The Federal EPA now regulates the disposal and beneficial re-use of coal combustion residuals (CCR), including fly ash and bottom ash generated at coal-fired electric generating units and also FGD gypsum generated at some coal-fired plants.   The Federal EPA regulates CCR as a non-hazardous solid waste and established minimum federal solid waste management standards.  Noncash increases related to the CCR Rule are recorded as Property, Plant and Equipment.  The following is a reconciliation of the  2015  and  2014  aggregate carrying amounts of ARO by Registrant Subsidiary:     ARO as of               Revisions in         December 31,   Accretion   Liabilities   Liabilities   Cash Flow   ARO as of Company   2014   Expense   Incurred   Settled   Estimates   June 30, 2015     (in thousands) APCo (a)(d)   $ 148,377   $ 4,122   $ —   $ (10,503 )   $ 13,962   $ 155,958 I&M (a)(b)(d)   1,342,549   31,731   —   (1,222 )   5,639   1,378,697 OPCo (d)(e)   1,361   41   —   (8 )   —   1,394 PSO (a)(d)   38,020   1,214   5,336   (115 )   1,916   46,371 SWEPCo (a)(c)(d)   94,394   2,725   12,191   (2,189 )   6,348   113,469 (a) Includes ARO related to ash disposal facilities. (b) Includes ARO related to nuclear decommissioning costs for the Cook Plant of  $1.3 billion  and   $1.3 billion  as of June 30, 2015 and December 31, 2014. (c) Includes ARO related to Sabine and DHLC. (d) Includes ARO related to asbestos removal. (e) Not impacted by the CCR rule. 247 14 .   DISPOSITION PLANT SEVERANCE Management retired several generation plants or units of plants during 2015.  These plant closures resulted in involuntary severances.  The severance program provides two weeks of base pay for every year of service along with other severance benefits. The Registrant Subsidiaries' disposition plant severance activity for the  six  months ended  June 30, 2015  is described in the following table:     Balance as of   Expense Allocation from   Incurred by Registrant           Remaining Balance as of Company   December 31, 2014   AEPSC   Subsidiaries   Settled   Adjustments   June 30, 2015     (in thousands) APCo   $ 9,304   $ (5 )   $ 817   $ (4,478 ) (a) $ (129 )   $ 5,509 I&M   8,023   (3 )   363   (3,459 )   —   4,924 PSO   134   (3 )   416   (116 )   —   431 SWEPCo   84   (4 )   —   (79 )   —   1 (a)  Settled includes amounts received from affiliates for expenses related to joint plant. The Registrant Subsidiaries recorded charges to Other Operation expense in 2014 primarily related to employees at the disposition plants.  The total amount incurred in 2014 by Registrant Subsidiary was as follows: Company   Total Cost Incurred     (in thousands) APCo   $ 7,112 I&M   8,185 OPCo   80 PSO   288 SWEPCo   289 These expenses, net of adjustments, relate primarily to severance benefits and are included primarily in Other Operation expense on the condensed statements of income.  The remaining liability is included in Other Current Liabilities on the condensed balance sheets.  The Registrant Subsidiaries incurred additional charges during the second quarter of 2015 as severance plans were finalized after the plants were retired.  Management does not expect additional severance costs to be incurred related to this initiative. 248 COMBINED MANAGEMENT’S NARRATIVE DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF REGISTRANT SUBSIDIARIES The following is a combined presentation of certain components of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ management’s discussion and analysis.  The information in this section completes the information necessary for management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and net income and is meant to be read with (a) Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations, (b) financial statements, (c) footnotes and (d) the schedules of each individual registrant.  The Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries section of the  2014  Annual Report should also be read in conjunction with this report. EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW Customer Demand AEP's weather-normalized retail sales volumes for the second quarter of 2015 increased by 0.9% from the second quarter of 2014.  Second quarter 2015 industrial sales increased 0.6% compared to the second quarter of 2014 primarily due to increased sales to customers in oil and gas related sectors.  Weather-normalized commercial and residential sales increased 1.9% and 0.3% in the second quarter of 2015, respectively, from the second quarter of 2014. AEP's weather-normalized retail sales volumes for the six months ended June 30, 2015 decreased 0.3% compared to the six months ended June 30, 2014.  Industrial sales volumes increased 0.9% compared to 2014, while weather-normalized commercial sales increased by 0.7%.  Weather-normalized residential sales decreased 2.2% in comparison to the first six months of 2014. ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES The Registrant Subsidiaries are implementing a substantial capital investment program and incurring additional operational costs to comply with environmental control requirements.  The Registrant Subsidiaries will need to make additional investments and operational changes in response to existing and anticipated requirements such as CAA requirements to reduce emissions of SO 2 , NO x , PM and hazardous air pollutants (HAPs) from fossil fuel-fired power plants, rules governing the beneficial use and disposal of coal combustion products, proposed and final clean water rules and renewal permits for certain water discharges that are currently under appeal. The Registrant Subsidiaries are engaged in litigation about environmental issues, have been notified of potential responsibility for the clean-up of contaminated sites and incur costs for disposal of SNF and future decommissioning of I&M’s nuclear units.  AEP, along with various industry groups, affected states and other parties have challenged some of the Federal EPA requirements in court.  Management is also engaged in the development of possible future requirements including the items discussed below and reductions of CO 2  emissions to address concerns about global climate change.  Management believes that further analysis and better coordination of these environmental requirements would facilitate planning and lower overall compliance costs while achieving the same environmental goals. See a complete discussion of these matters in the “Environmental Issues” section of “Combined Management’s Narrative Discussion and Analysis of Registrant Subsidiaries” in the  2014  Annual Report.  Management will seek recovery of expenditures for pollution control technologies and associated costs from customers through rates in regulated jurisdictions.  Environmental rules could result in accelerated depreciation, impairment of assets or regulatory disallowances.  If the costs of environmental compliance are not recovered, it would reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. 249 Environmental Controls Impact on the Generating Fleet The rules and proposed environmental controls discussed in the next several sections will have a material impact on the generating units in the AEP System.  Management continues to evaluate the impact of these rules, project scope and technology available to achieve compliance.  As of  June 30, 2015 , the AEP System had a total generating capacity of approximately 32,100 MWs, of which approximately 18,200 MWs are coal-fired.  Management continues to refine the cost estimates of complying with these rules and other impacts of the environmental proposals on the generating facilities.  For the Registrant Subsidiaries, management’s current ranges of estimates of environmental investments to comply with these requirements are listed below:     Through 2020 Estimated Environmental Investment Company   Low   High     (in millions) APCo   $ 310   $ 360 I&M   370   430 PSO   270   310 SWEPCo   880   950 Total   $ 1,830   $ 2,050 For APCo, the projected environmental investment above includes the conversion of 470 MWs of coal generation to natural gas capacity.  If natural gas conversion is not completed, the units could be closed sooner than planned. The cost estimates will change depending on the timing of implementation and whether the Federal EPA provides flexibility in the final rules.  The cost estimates for each Registrant Subsidiary will also change based on: (a) the states’ implementation of these regulatory programs, including the potential for state implementation plans (SIPs) or federal implementation plans (FIPs) that impose more stringent standards, (b) additional rulemaking activities in response to court decisions, (c) the actual performance of the pollution control technologies installed on the units, (d) changes in costs for new pollution controls, (e) new generating technology developments, (f) total MWs of capacity retired and replaced, including the type and amount of such replacement capacity and (g) other factors. In May 2015, management retired the following plants or units of plants:         Generating Company   Plant Name and Unit   Capacity         (in MWs) APCo   Clinch River Plant, Unit 3   235 APCo   Glen Lyn Plant   335 APCo   Kanawha River Plant   400 APCo/AGR   Sporn Plant   600 I&M   Tanners Creek Plant   995 Total       2,565 As of  June 30, 2015 , the book value of the regulated plants in the table above was $492 million.  Of this amount, $348 million has been approved for recovery while $144 million is pending regulatory approval.  250 Subject to the factors listed above and based upon continuing evaluation, management intends to retire the following units of plants during 2016:         Generating Company   Plant Name and Unit   Capacity         (in MWs) PSO   Northeastern Station, Unit 4   470 SWEPCo   Welsh Plant, Unit 2   528 Total       998 As of  June 30, 2015 , the net book value before cost of removal, including related materials and supplies inventory and CWIP balances, of the regulated plants in the table above was $178 million.  Volatility in fuel prices, pending environmental rules and other market factors could also have an adverse impact on the accounting evaluation of the recoverability of the net book values of coal-fired units.  For Northeastern Station, Unit 4 and Welsh Plant, Unit 2, management is seeking regulatory recovery of remaining net book values.   To the extent existing generation assets are not recoverable, it could materially reduce future net income and cash flows and impact financial condition. Clean Air Act Requirements The CAA establishes a comprehensive program to protect and improve the nation’s air quality and control sources of air emissions.  The states implement and administer many of these programs and could impose additional or more stringent requirements.   The Federal EPA issued the Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) in 2005 requiring specific reductions in SO 2  and NO x  emissions from power plants.  The Federal EPA issued the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) in August 2011 to replace CAIR.  The CSAPR was challenged in the courts.  In 2012, a panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued a decision vacating and remanding CSAPR to the Federal EPA with instructions to continue implementing CAIR until a replacement rule is finalized.  That decision was appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, which reversed the decision and remanded the case to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.  The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ordered CSAPR to take effect on January 1, 2015 while the remand proceeding was still pending.  All of the states in which the Registrant Subsidiaries' power plants are located are covered by CSAPR.  See "Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR)" section below. The Federal EPA issued the final maximum achievable control technology (MACT) standards for coal and oil-fired power plants in 2012.  See “Mercury and Other Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) Regulation” section below.  The Federal EPA issued a Clean Air Visibility Rule (CAVR), detailing how the CAA’s requirement that certain facilities install best available retrofit technology (BART) will address regional haze in federal parks and other protected areas.  BART requirements apply to facilities built between 1962 and 1977 that emit more than 250 tons per year of certain pollutants in specific industrial categories, including power plants.  CAVR will be implemented through SIPs or, if SIPs are not adequate or are not developed on schedule, through FIPs.  The Federal EPA proposed disapproval of SIPs in a few states, including Arkansas.  In March 2012, the Federal EPA disapproved certain portions of the Arkansas regional haze SIP.  In April 2015, the Federal EPA published a proposed FIP to replace the disapproved portions, including revised BART determinations for the Flint Creek Plant that are consistent with the environmental controls currently under construction.  In June 2012, the Federal EPA published revisions to the regional haze rules to allow states participating in the CSAPR trading programs to use those programs in place of source-specific BART for SO 2  and NO x  emissions based on its determination that CSAPR results in greater visibility improvements than source-specific BART in the CSAPR states.  This rule is being challenged in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.  In July 2015, management will submit comments to the proposed Arkansas FIP and participate in comments filed by industry associations of which the AEP System is a member.  Management supports compliance with CSAPR programs as satisfaction of the BART requirements.  251 In 2009, the Federal EPA issued a final mandatory reporting rule for CO 2  and other greenhouse gases covering a broad range of facilities emitting in excess of 25,000 tons of CO 2  emissions per year.   The Federal EPA issued a final endangerment finding for greenhouse gas emissions from new motor vehicles in 2009.  The Federal EPA determined that greenhouse gas   emissions from stationary sources will be subject to regulation under the CAA beginning January 2011 and finalized its proposed scheme to streamline and phase-in regulation of stationary source CO 2  emissions through the NSR prevention of significant deterioration and Title V operating permit programs through the issuance of final federal rules, SIP calls and FIPs.  This rule was overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court.  The Federal EPA has proposed to include CO 2  emissions in standards that apply to new and existing electric utility units.  See "Climate Change, CO 2  Regulation and Energy Policy" section below. The Federal EPA has also issued new, more stringent national ambient air quality standards (NAAQS) for PM, SO 2  and is currently reviewing the NAAQS for ozone.  States are in the process of evaluating the attainment status and need for additional control measures in order to attain and maintain the new NAAQS and may develop additional requirements for facilities as a result of those evaluations.  Management cannot currently predict the nature, stringency or timing of those requirements. Notable developments in significant CAA regulatory requirements affecting the Registrant Subsidiaries' operations are discussed in the following sections. Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR) In 2011, the Federal EPA issued CSAPR.  Certain revisions to the rule were finalized in 2012.  CSAPR relies on newly-created SO 2  and NO x  allowances and individual state budgets to compel further emission reductions from electric utility generating units in 28 states.  Interstate trading of allowances is allowed on a restricted sub-regional basis.  Arkansas and Louisiana are subject only to the seasonal NO x  program in the rule.  Texas is subject to the annual programs for SO 2  and NO x  in addition to the seasonal NO x  program.  The annual SO 2  allowance budgets in Indiana, Ohio and West Virginia were reduced significantly in the rule.  A supplemental rule includes Oklahoma in the seasonal NO x  program.  The supplemental rule was finalized in December 2011 with an increased NO x  emission budget for the 2012 compliance year.  The Federal EPA issued a final Error Corrections Rule and further CSAPR revisions in 2012 to make corrections to state budgets and unit allocations and to remove the restrictions on interstate trading in the first phase of CSAPR. Numerous affected entities, states and other parties filed petitions to review the CSAPR in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.  In 2012, the court issued a decision vacating and remanding CSAPR to the Federal EPA with instructions to continue implementing CAIR until a replacement rule is finalized.  The majority determined that the CAA does not allow the Federal EPA to “overcontrol” emissions in an upwind state and that the Federal EPA exceeded its statutory authority by failing to allow states an opportunity to develop their own implementation plans before issuing a FIP.  The petition for review filed by the Federal EPA and other parties in the U.S. Supreme Court was granted in June 2013.  In April 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision reversing in part the decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and remanding the case for further proceedings consistent with the opinion.  The Federal EPA filed a motion to lift the stay and allow Phase I of CSAPR to take effect on January 1, 2015 and Phase II to take effect on January 1, 2017.  The court granted the Federal EPA's motion. The parties have filed briefs, presented oral arguments and the case remains pending.  Separate appeals of the Error Corrections Rule and the further revisions were filed but no briefing schedules have been established.  Management cannot predict the outcome of the pending litigation. Mercury and Other Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) Regulation In 2012, the Federal EPA issued a rule addressing a broad range of HAPs from coal and oil-fired power plants.  The rule establishes unit-specific emission rates for units burning coal on a 30-day rolling average basis for mercury, PM (as a surrogate for particles of nonmercury metals) and hydrogen chloride (as a surrogate for acid gases).  In addition, the rule proposes work practice standards, such as boiler tune-ups, for controlling emissions of organic HAPs and dioxin/furans.  The effective date of the final rule was April 16, 2012 and compliance was required within three years.  The final rule contains a slightly less stringent PM limit for existing sources than the original proposal and the revised  252 rule provides alternative work practice standards for operators during start-up and shut down periods.  Management has obtained a one-year administrative extension at several units to facilitate the installation of controls or to avoid a serious reliability problem.  In addition, the Federal EPA issued an enforcement policy describing the circumstances under which an administrative consent order might be issued to provide a fifth year for the installation of controls or completion of reliability upgrades.  Management remains concerned about the availability of compliance extensions, the inability to foreclose citizen suits being filed under the CAA for failure to achieve compliance by the required deadlines and the lack of coordination among the Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS) schedule and other environmental requirements. Petitions for administrative reconsideration and judicial review of the final rule were filed.  In 2012, the Federal EPA published a notice announcing that it would accept comments on its reconsideration of certain issues related to the new source standards, including clarification of the requirements that apply during periods of start-up and shut down, measurement issues and the application of variability factors that may have an impact on the level of the standards.  The Federal EPA issued revisions to the new source standards consistent with the proposed rule, except the start-up and shut down provisions in March 2013.  A final rule on reconsideration was issued in 2014 and a proposed rule containing technical corrections was issued in early 2015.  In April 2014, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit denied all of the petitions for review of the April 2012 final rule.  Industry trade groups and several states filed petitions for further review in the U.S. Supreme Court and the court granted those petitions in November 2014.  In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the decision of the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit and remanded the MATS rule for further proceedings consistent with its decision that the Federal EPA was unreasonable in refusing to consider costs in its determination whether to regulate emissions of HAPs from power plants.  The case will be remanded to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit for further proceedings consistent with the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision.  Management will continue to evaluate the impact of this decision and until further action by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, the rule remains in place. Climate Change, CO 2  Regulation and Energy Policy National public policy makers and regulators in the 10 states the Registrant Subsidiaries serve have diverse views on climate change, carbon regulation and energy policy.  Management is currently focused on responding to these emerging views with prudent actions across a range of plausible scenarios and outcomes.  Management is an active participant in both state and federal policy development to assure that any proposed new requirements are feasible and the economies of the states served are not placed at a competitive disadvantage. Several states have adopted programs that directly regulate CO 2  emissions from power plants.  The majority of the states where the Registrant Subsidiaries have generating facilities have passed legislation establishing renewable energy, alternative energy and/or energy efficiency requirements that can assist in reducing carbon emissions.  The Registrant Subsidiaries are taking steps to comply with these requirements, including increasing wind power purchases and broadening the AEP System's portfolio of energy efficiency programs.   In the absence of comprehensive federal climate change or energy policy legislation, President Obama issued a memorandum to the Administrator of the Federal EPA directing the agency to develop and issue a new proposal regulating carbon emissions from new electric generating units under the CAA.  The new proposal was issued in September 2013 and requires new large natural gas units to meet a limit of 1,000 pounds of CO 2  per MWh of electricity generated and small natural gas units to meet a limit of 1,100 pounds of CO 2  per MWh.  New coal-fired units are required to meet a limit of 1,100 pounds of CO 2  per MWh, with the option to meet a 1,000 pound per MWh limit if they choose to average emissions over multiple years.  This proposal was published in the Federal Register in January 2014 and the comment period has closed. The Federal EPA was also directed to develop and issue a separate proposal regulating carbon emissions from modified and reconstructed electric generating units (EGUs) and to issue guidelines for existing EGUs before June 2014, to finalize those standards by June 2015 and to require states to submit plans implementing the guidelines no later than June 2016.  The Federal EPA issued guidelines for the development of standards for existing sources in June 2014.   253 The guidelines use a “portfolio” approach to reducing emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units, expanding renewable generation resources and increasing customer energy efficiency.  Comments were due in December 2014.  The Federal EPA also issued proposed regulations governing emissions of CO 2  from modified and reconstructed EGUs in June 2014 and comments were due in October 2014.  The standards for modified and reconstructed units include several options, including use of historic baselines or energy efficiency audits to establish source-specific CO 2  emission rates or to limit CO 2  emission rates which could be no less than 1,900 pounds per MWh at larger coal units and 2,100 pounds per MWh at smaller coal units.  The Federal EPA announced in January 2015 that the schedule for finalizing its action on all of these rules will extend into the summer of 2015 and that it will develop and propose for public comment a model FIP that will be finalized for individual states that fail to submit a timely state plan to implement the existing source guidelines.  Management cannot currently predict the impact these programs may have on future resource plans or the existing generating fleet, but the costs may be substantial. In 2012, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued a decision upholding, in all material respects, the Federal EPA’s endangerment finding, its regulatory program for CO 2  emissions from new motor vehicles and its plan to phase in regulation of CO 2  emissions from stationary sources under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) and Title V operating permit programs.  In June 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court determined that the Federal EPA was not compelled to regulate CO 2  emissions from stationary sources under the Title V or PSD programs as a result of its adoption of the motor vehicle standards, but that sources otherwise required to obtain a PSD permit may be required to perform a Best Available Control Technology (BACT) analysis for CO 2  emissions if they exceed a reasonable level.  The Federal EPA removed those provisions of the final rule from the Code of Federal Regulations that were inconsistent with the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision but continues to apply a 75,000 ton per year threshold to trigger the need for a BACT analysis.  Petitions were filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit seeking to amend the judgment in the case to require Federal EPA to establish a reasonable minimum   level.  Those petitions are pending. Federal and state legislation or regulations that mandate limits on the emission of CO 2  could result in significant increases in capital expenditures and operating costs, which in turn, could lead to increased liquidity needs and higher financing costs.  Excessive costs to comply with future legislation or regulations might force the Registrant Subsidiaries to close some coal-fired facilities and could lead to possible impairment of assets. Coal Combustion Residual Rule In 2010, the Federal EPA published a proposed rule to regulate the disposal and beneficial re-use of coal combustion residuals (CCR), including fly ash and bottom ash generated at coal-fired electric generating units and also FGD gypsum generated at some coal-fired plants.  The proposed rule contained two alternative proposals.  One proposal would impose federal hazardous waste disposal and management standards on these materials and another would allow states to retain primary authority to regulate the beneficial re-use and disposal of these materials under state solid waste management standards, including minimum federal standards for disposal and management.  Both proposals would impose stringent requirements for the construction of new coal ash landfills and existing unlined surface impoundments. In the final rule, the Federal EPA elected to regulate CCR as a non-hazardous solid waste and issued new minimum federal solid waste management standards.  On the effective date, the rule applies to new and existing active CCR landfills and CCR surface impoundments at operating electric utility or independent power production facilities.  The rule imposes new and additional construction and operating obligations, including location restrictions, liner criteria, structural integrity requirements for impoundments, operating criteria and additional groundwater monitoring requirements.  The rule does not apply to inactive CCR landfills and inactive surface impoundments at retired generating stations or the beneficial use of CCR.  The rule is self-implementing so state action is not required.  Because of this self-implementing feature, the rule contains extensive record keeping, notice and internet posting requirements.    Because the Registrant Subsidiaries currently use surface impoundments and landfills to manage CCR materials at the generating facilities, they will incur significant costs to upgrade or close and replace these existing facilities at some point in the future as the new rule is implemented.  254 In February 2014, the Federal EPA completed a risk evaluation of the beneficial uses of coal fly ash in concrete and FGD gypsum in wallboard and concluded that the Federal EPA supports these beneficial uses.  Currently, approximately 40% of the coal ash and other residual products from the AEP System's generating facilities are re-used in the production of cement and wallboard, as structural fill or soil amendments, as abrasives or road treatment materials and for other beneficial uses.  Encapsulated beneficial uses are not materially impacted by the new rule but additional demonstrations may be required to continue land applications in significant amounts except in road construction projects.  The final rule was published in the Federal Register in April 2015 and becomes effective six months after publication.  Management recorded a $45 million increase in asset retirement obligations in the second quarter of 2015 primarily due to the publication of the final rule.  Given the future effective date of the rule and the schedule for implementation, management will continue to evaluate the rule's impact on operations.  Clean Water Act (CWA) Regulations In 2014, the Federal EPA issued a final rule setting forth standards for existing power plants that is intended to reduce mortality of aquatic organisms pinned against a plant’s cooling water intake screen (impingement) or entrained in the cooling water.  Entrainment is when small fish, eggs or larvae are drawn into the cooling water system and affected by heat, chemicals or physical stress.  The final rule affects all plants withdrawing more than two million gallons of cooling water per day.  The rule offers seven technology options to comply with the impingement standard and requires site-specific studies to determine appropriate entrainment compliance measures at facilities withdrawing more than 125 million gallons per day.  Additional requirements may be imposed as a result of consultation with other federal agencies to protect threatened and endangered species and their habitats.  Facilities with existing closed cycle recirculating cooling systems, as defined in the rule, are not expected to require any technology changes.  Facilities subject to both the impingement standard and site-specific entrainment studies will typically be given at least three years to conduct and submit the results of those studies to the permit agency.  Compliance timeframes will then be established by the permit agency through each facility’s National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit for installation of any required technology changes, as those permits are renewed over the next five to eight years.  Petitions for review of the final rule were filed by industry and environmental groups and are currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. In addition, the Federal EPA issued an information collection request and is developing revised effluent limitation guidelines for electricity generating facilities.  A proposed rule was signed in April 2013 with a final rule expected in September 2015.  The Federal EPA proposed eight options of increasing stringency and cost for fly ash and bottom ash transport water, scrubber wastewater, leachate from coal combustion byproduct landfills and impoundments and other wastewaters associated with coal-fired generating units, with four labeled preferred options.  Certain of the Federal EPA's preferred options have already been implemented or are part of long-term plans.  Management continues to review the proposal in detail to evaluate whether the plants are currently meeting the proposed limitations, what technologies have been incorporated into long-range plans and what additional costs might be incurred if the Federal EPA's most stringent options were adopted.  Management submitted detailed comments to the Federal EPA in September 2013 and participated in comments filed by various organizations of which the AEP System is a member. In April 2014, the Federal EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers jointly issued a proposed rule to clarify the scope of the regulatory definition of “waters of the United States” in light of recent U.S. Supreme Court cases and published the proposed rule in the Federal Register.  The CWA provides for federal jurisdiction over “navigable waters” defined as “the waters of the United States.”  This proposed jurisdictional definition applied to all CWA programs, potentially impacting generation, transmission and distribution permitting and compliance requirements.  Among those programs are: permits for wastewater and storm water discharges, permits for impacts to wetlands and water bodies and oil spill prevention planning.  Management submitted detailed comments to the Federal EPA in November 2014 and also participated in comments filed by various organizations of which the AEP System is a member.  In June 2015, the Federal EPA published the final rule that included a few changes from the proposal.  The effective date of the rule is 60 days following publication.  The final definition continues to recognize traditional navigable waters of the U.S. as jurisdictional as well as certain exclusions. The rule also contains a number of new specific definitions and criteria for determining whether certain other waters are jurisdictional because of a “significant nexus."  Management agrees  255 that clarity and efficiency in the permitting process is needed.  Management is concerned that the rule introduces new concepts and could subject more of the operations to CWA jurisdiction, thereby increasing the time and complexity of permitting.  Management anticipates that the final rule will be challenged in the courts.  ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS New Accounting Pronouncements Adopted During the First Quarter of 2015 The FASB issued ASU 2014-08 “Presentation of Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment” changing the presentation of discontinued operations on the statements of income and other requirements for reporting discontinued operations.  Under the new standard, a disposal of a component or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results when the component meets the criteria to be classified as held-for-sale or is disposed.  The amendments in this update also require additional disclosures about discontinued operations and disposal of an individually significant component of an entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations.  Management adopted ASU 2014-08 effective January 1, 2015.  There were no events requiring application of the new accounting guidance. Pronouncements Effective in the Future The FASB issued ASU 2014-09 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” clarifying the method used to determine the timing and requirements for revenue recognition on the statements of income.  Under the new standard, an entity must identify the performance obligations in a contract, the transaction price and allocate the price to specific performance obligations to recognize the revenue when the obligation is completed.  The amendments in this update also require disclosure of sufficient information to allow users to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flow arising from contracts.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Management is analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on revenue or net income.  Management plans to adopt ASU 2014-09 effective January 1, 2017. The FASB issued ASU 2015-01 “Income Statement – Extraordinary and Unusual Items” eliminating the concept of extraordinary items for presentation on the face of the income statement.  Under the new standard, a material event or transaction that is unusual in nature, infrequent or both shall be reported as a separate component of income from continuing operations.  Alternatively, it may be disclosed in the notes to financial statements.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  Early adoption is permitted if applied from the beginning of a fiscal year.  As applicable, this standard may change the presentation of amounts in the income statements.  Management plans to adopt ASU 2015-01 effective January 1, 2016. The FASB issued ASU 2015-03 “Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs” to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs on the balance sheets.  Under the new standard, debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability will be presented on the balance sheets as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with discounts.  The Registrant Subsidiaries include debt issuance costs in Deferred Charges and Other Noncurrent Assets on the condensed balance sheets.  Debt issuance costs represent less than 1% of total long-term debt.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted.  Management intends to early adopt ASU 2015-03 for the 2015 Form 10-K. The FASB issued ASU 2015-05 “Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement” to provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015 with early adoption permitted.  Management is analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on net income.  Management plans to adopt ASU 2015-05 effective January 1, 2016.   256 The FASB issued ASU 2015-11 “Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory” to simplify the guidance on the subsequent measurement of inventory, excluding inventory measured using last-in, first out or the retail inventory method.  Under the new standard, inventory should be at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  The new accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 with early adoption permitted.  Management is analyzing the impact of this new standard and, at this time, cannot estimate the impact of adoption on net income.  Management plans to adopt ASU 2015-11 effective January 1, 2017. Future Accounting Changes The FASB’s standard-setting process is ongoing and until new standards have been finalized and issued, management cannot determine the impact on the reporting of the Registrant Subsidiaries’ operations and financial position that may result from any such future changes.  The FASB is currently working on several projects including financial instruments, leases, insurance, hedge accounting and consolidation policy.  The ultimate pronouncements resulting from these and future projects could have an impact on future net income and financial position. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES During the  second quarter of 2015 , management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of each of AEP, APCo, I&M, OPCo, PSO and SWEPCo (collectively, the Registrants), evaluated the Registrants’ disclosure controls and procedures.  Disclosure controls and procedures are defined as controls and other procedures of the Registrants that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Registrants in the reports that they file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms.  Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Registrants in the reports that they file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Registrants’ management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of  June 30, 2015 , these officers concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures in place are effective and provide reasonable assurance that the disclosure controls and procedures accomplished their objectives.  The Registrants continually strive to improve their disclosure controls and procedures to enhance the quality of their financial reporting and to maintain dynamic systems that change as events warrant. There was no change in the Registrants’ internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the  second quarter of 2015  that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrants’ internal control over financial reporting. PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION Item 1.      Legal Proceedings For a discussion of material legal proceedings, see “Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies,” of Note  5   incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A.   Risk Factors The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended  December 31, 2014  includes a detailed discussion of risk factors.  As of  June 30, 2015 , there have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in the  2014  Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Item 2.   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds None 257 Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures The Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977 (Mine Act) imposes stringent health and safety standards on various mining operations.  The Mine Act and its related regulations affect numerous aspects of mining operations, including training of mine personnel, mining procedures, equipment used in mine emergency procedures, mine plans and other matters.  SWEPCo, through its ownership of DHLC, and AGR and KPCo, through their use of the Conner Run fly ash impoundment, are subject to the provisions of the Mine Act. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and its related regulations require companies that operate mines to include in their periodic reports filed with the SEC, certain mine safety information covered by the Mine Act.  Exhibit 95 contains the notices of violation and proposed assessments received by DHLC and Conner Run under the Mine Act for the quarter ended  June 30, 2015 . Item 5.   Other Information None Item 6.   Exhibits 3 – Composite of Amended Restated Certification of Incorporation of American Electric Power Company, Inc. 10 – Separation and Release Agreement – D.E. Welch 12 – Computation of Consolidated Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 31(a) – Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31(b) – Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32(a) – Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 32(b) – Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code 95 – Mine Safety Disclosures 101.INS – XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH – XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL – XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF – XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB – XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE – XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 258 SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  The signature for each undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof. AMERICAN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY, INC. By:  /s/ Joseph M. Buonaiuto Joseph M. Buonaiuto Controller and Chief Accounting Officer APPALACHIAN POWER COMPANY INDIANA MICHIGAN POWER COMPANY OHIO POWER COMPANY PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF OKLAHOMA SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY By:  /s/ Joseph M. Buonaiuto Joseph M. Buonaiuto Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Date:   July 23, 2015   259 	 
 
 
 
