
 10-K
 1
 maindocument001.htm
 10-K
 

 

 
 


 UNITED STATES 



 

 

 


 

   

 



 
   

 


 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 ______________________________ 

 FORM 10-K 

 

 
  
   
   ANNUAL
  REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
  1934 
   
  
 
   
   For the fiscal year ended
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
   Commission
  file number 1-8787 
   
  
 

 


   

   

 

 
  
   
   American International Group, Inc. 
   (Exact name of registrant as
  specified in its charter) 
   
  
 
   
   Delaware 
   (State
  or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
   
  
   13-2592361 
   (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 
   
  
 
   
   175 Water Street, New York,  New York 
   (Address of principal executive
  offices) 
   
  
   10038 
   (Zip Code) 
   
  
 

 


 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code   (212) 770-7000  

 ______________________________ 

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: See Exhibit 99.02 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

 ______________________________ 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes ☑  No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes   ☐  No  ☑  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days.    Yes  ☑          No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files). Yes  ☑    No  ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of
registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.       ☐  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,
or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.  

 

 
  
   
   Large accelerated filer  ☑  
   
  
   Accelerated filer  ☐  
   
  
   Non-accelerated filer  ☐  
   
  
   Smaller reporting company  ☐  
   
  
 
   
                                                     
    
   
  
     
   
  
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
  
 

 


 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes  ☐     No  ☑  

 The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant (based on the
closing price of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter) was approximately $80,826,000,000. 

 As of February 11, 2016, there were outstanding 1,149,448,256
shares of Common Stock, $2.50 par
value per share, of the registrant. 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

 
  
   
   Document of the Registrant 
   
  
   Form 10-K Reference Locations 
   
  
 
   
   Portions of the
  registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of
  Shareholders 
   
  
   Part II, Item 5 and Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13
  and 14  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


    

   
 


   


 
 

 


 

   

 



 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.  
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015 

 TABLE OF  CONTENTS 

 Form 10-K 

 
  
   
   Item Number 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   PART I 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1. 
   
  
   Business              
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   AIG’s Global Insurance
  Operations 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Corporate and Other 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Our Employees 
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   A Review of Liability
  for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Reinsurance Activities 
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Regulation 
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Available Information about AIG 
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
   Item 1A. 
   
  
   Risk Factors 
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Item 1B. 
   
  
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Item 2. 
   
  
   Properties 
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Item 3. 
   
  
   Legal Proceedings 
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
   Item 4. 
   
  
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
   PART II 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 5. 
   
  
   Market for Registrant’s
  Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
       of Equity Securities 
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Item 6. 
   
  
   Selected Financial Data 
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Item 7. 
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Cautionary Statement Regarding
  Forward-Looking Information 
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Executive Overview 
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Results of Operations 
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Investments 
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Insurance Reserves 
   
  
   132 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
   156 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Enterprise Risk Management 
   
  
   172 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
   192 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Glossary 
   
  
   222 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   •    
   Acronyms 
   
  
   225 
   
  
 
   
   Item 7A. 
   
  
   Quantitative and Qualitative
  Disclosures about Market Risk 
   
  
   226 
   
  
 
   
   Item 8. 
   
  
   Financial Statements and Supplementary
  Data 
   
  
   227 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Index to Financial Statements and Schedules 
   
  
   227 
   
  
 
   
   Item 9. 
   
  
   Changes in and
  Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
  
   350 
   
  
 
   
   Item 9A. 
   
  
   Controls and Procedures 
   
  
   350 
   
  
 
   
   PART III 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 10. 
   
  
   Directors, Executive Officers and
  Corporate Governance 
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   Item 11. 
   
  
   Executive Compensation 
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   Item 12. 
   
  
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
  Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
       Matters 
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   Item 13. 
   
  
   Certain Relationships and
  Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   Item 14. 
   
  
   Principal Accounting Fees and
  Services 
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   PART IV 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 15. 
   
  
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
  
   352 
   
  
 
   
   Signatures 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


    








   
 


   


 
 

 


   


 
 Part I 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Item 1  / Business 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   American International
  Group, Inc. (AIG)  is a
  leading global insurance organization. Founded in 1919, today we provide a
  wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement
  products, mortgage insurance and other financial services to customers in
  more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. Our diverse offerings include
  products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their
  assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is
  listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
   
  
 
   
   AIG’s key strengths include: 
   
  
 
   
   World class insurance franchises   that are among the leaders in their categories and are focused
  on improving their operating performance; 
   
  
 
   
   A diverse mix of businesses   with a presence in most international markets; 
   
  
 
   
   Effective capital management   of the largest shareholders’ equity of any insurance
  company in the world * , supported by enhanced risk management; 
   
  
 
   
   Breadth of customers,   serving over 89 percent of companies included in the Fortune
  Global 500; and 
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet quality and strength,  as demonstrated by over $89 billion in
  shareholders’ equity and AIG Parent liquidity of $13.7 billion. 
   
  
 


 *   At June 30, 2015, the latest date
for which information was available for certain foreign insurance companies. 

   

 In this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, unless otherwise mentioned or unless the context indicates
otherwise, we use the terms “AIG,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” to refer
to American International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its
consolidated subsidiaries. We use the term “AIG Parent” to refer solely to
American International Group, Inc., and not to any of its consolidated
subsidiaries. 









 


 
  
   
   3 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   AIG’s Global Insurance Operations 
   
  
 
   
   We report our results of
  operations through two reportable segments:  Commercial Insurance and
  Consumer Insurance, as well as a Corporate and Other category.  Commercial Insurance has three operating segments:
  Property Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty and Institutional Markets. Consumer
  Insurance also has three operating segments: Retirement, Life and Personal
  Insurance. The Corporate and Other category consists of businesses and items
  not allocated to our reportable segments.  
   Certain of our management activities,
  such as investment management, enterprise risk management, liquidity
  management and capital management, and our balance sheet reporting, are
  conducted on a legal entity basis.  We group our insurance-related legal
  entities into two categories: Non-Life Insurance Companies, and Life
  Insurance Companies.  
   Non-Life
  Insurance Companies include the following major property casualty and
  mortgage guaranty companies: National Union Fire Insurance Company of
  Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union); American Home Assurance Company (American
  Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); Fuji Fire and Marine
  Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Fire); American Home Assurance Company, Ltd.
  (American Home Japan); AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd.; AIG Europe
  Limited; United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company (UGRIC) 
   Life Insurance Companies include the following
  major operating companies: American General Life Insurance Company (American
  General Life); The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company (VALIC); The
  United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (U.S. Life); AIG
  Fuji Life Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Life). 
   On January 26, 2016, we
  announced several actions designed to create a leaner, more profitable and
  focused insurer. These actions included a plan to reorganize our operating
  model into “modular”, more self-contained business units to enhance
  transparency and accountability. Additionally, we are introducing a new
  Legacy Portfolio that aims to maximize value and release capital of certain run-off
  non-strategic assets and highlight progress on improving the return on equity
  (ROE) of our Operating Portfolio. When the new operating structure is
  finalized, the presentation of our segment results may be modified and prior
  periods’ presentation may be revised to conform to the new structure. Based
  on this strategy, we have updated our priorities for 2016. 
   
  
 
     
  
   AIG Priorities for 2016 
   
    
  
 
     
  
   AIG is focused on the following
  priorities for 2016: 
   ·      
   Improving our ROE  
   ·      
   Creating a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer by
  reorganizing our operating model into “modular”, more self-contained business
  units to enhance transparency and accountability, including the introduction
  of a new Legacy Portfolio that aims to maximize value and release capital
  from run-off of non-strategic assets 
   ·      
   Reducing general operating expenses 
   ·      
   Improving the Commercial Insurance Property Casualty accident
  year loss ratio  
   ·      
   Returning excess capital to shareholders 
   ·      
   Growing book value per common share 
   
    
  
 
     
    
    
  
 


    

 
 


 
  
   
   4 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (a) Total consideration of
approximately $7.6 billion, includes net cash proceeds of $2.4 billion and 97.6
million newly issued AerCap common shares. Based in part on AerCap's closing
price per share of $47.01 on May 13, 2014, the date the sale of ILFC to AerCap
was completed. 

 (b) Book value per
common share excluding AOCI is a non-GAAP measure. See Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A)
—Use of Non-GAAP Measures for additional information. 


 


 
  
   
   5 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 How we
Generate Revenues and Profitability 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We earn
revenues  primarily from insurance
premiums, policy fees from universal life insurance and investment products, and
income from investments and advisory fees.  

 Our
expenses  consist of policyholder
benefits and losses incurred, interest credited to policyholders, commissions
and other costs of selling and servicing our products, and general operating
expenses. 

 Our
profitability  is de pendent on
our ability to properly price and manage risk on insurance and annuity products,
to manage our portfolio of investments effectively, and to control costs
through expense discipline.  

 INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES OF Our Insurance OPERATIONS 

 
  
   
   Our Non-Life Insurance Companies and Life Insurance
  Companies generally receive premiums and deposits well in advance of paying
  covered claims or benefits. In the intervening periods, we invest these
  premiums and deposits to generate net investment income that, along with the
  invested funds, is available to pay claims or benefits. As a result, we generate
  significant revenues from insurance investment activities. 
   
  
   We generate
  significant revenues in our insurance operations from investment activities. 
   
  
 
   
   Our worldwide
  insurance investment policy places primary emphasis on investments in
  corporate bonds, municipal bonds and government bonds in all of our
  portfolios, and, to a lesser extent, investments in high yield bonds, common
  stock, real estate, hedge funds and other alternative investments. 
   
  
 


 The majority of assets backing our insurance liabilities
consist of intermediate and long duration fixed maturity securities. 

 Non-Life Insurance Companies  —  F ixed maturity securities held by the insurance
companies included in the Non-Life Insurance Companies’ domestic operations
have historically consisted primarily of corporate bonds, municipal bonds and
government bonds. These investments provided attractive returns and limited
credit risk. To meet our domestic operations’ current risk return and business
objectives, our domestic Non-Life Insurance Companies have been shifting
investment allocations to a broader array of investments, including structured
securities, mortgage loans, equity related opportunities and other investments
that offer attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our fixed maturity securities must
meet our liquidity, duration and quality objectives as well as current capital,
risk return and business objectives. Fixed maturity securities held by the
Non-Life Insurance Companies’ international operations consist primarily of
intermediate duration high-grade securities, primarily in the markets being
served. In addition, the Non-Life Insurance Companies have redeployed cash in
excess of operating needs into investments consistent with the asset classes
described above. 

 Life Insurance Companies —   The investment strategy for the portfolios of the
Life Insurance Companies is largely to match our liabilities with assets of
comparable duration, to the extent practicable. The Life Insurance Companies
primarily invest in a diversified portfolio of fixed maturity securities, which
include corporate bonds and structured securities. To further diversify the
portfolio, investments are selectively made in alternative investments,
including private equity funds, hedge funds and affordable housing
partnerships. See Item 7. MD&A — Investments for additional discussion of
investment strategies. 


 


 
  
   
   6 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
   Consumer Insurance    
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance  is a leading
  provider of insurance products and services for commercial and institutional
  customers. It includes one of the world’s most far-reaching property casualty
  networks, a leading mortgage guaranty insurer and an institutional retirement
  and savings business. Commercial Insurance offers a broad range of products
  to customers through a diversified, multichannel distribution network.
  Customers value Commercial Insurance’s strong capital position, extensive
  risk management and claims experience, and its ability to be a market leader
  in critical lines of insurance business.   
   
  
   Consumer Insurance  is a unique franchise that brings together a broad portfolio of
  retirement, life insurance and personal insurance products offered through
  multiple distribution networks.  It holds long-standing, leading market
  positions in many of its U.S. product lines, and its global footprint
  provides the opportunity to leverage its multinational servicing capabilities
  and pursue select opportunities in attractive markets.  With its strong
  capital position, customer-focused service, innovative product development
  capabilities and strong distribution relationships across multiple channels,
  Consumer Insurance is well positioned to provide clients with the products
  and services they desire, delivered through the channels they prefer .    
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other includes AIG Parent as well as
  certain legacy assets and run-off insurance businesses. 
   
  
 


    


 


 
  
   
   7 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Global Footprint 
   Our Non-Life Insurance Companies net premiums written
  (NPW) of $33.1 billion in 2015 reflected our expansive global footprint.
  Based on NPW in 2014, we are the largest commercial insurer in the U.S., the
  largest U.S. based property casualty insurer in Europe, and the largest
  foreign property casualty insurer in Asia and the Far East.  In addition, AIG
  was first to market in many emerging markets and is well positioned to
  enhance its businesses in countries such as Brazil, China through strategic
  relationships with People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited (PICC
  Group), and India with the Tata Group.  
   Our Life Insurance Companies premiums and deposits
  (P&D) of $32.0 billion in 2015 demonstrate a substantial presence in the
  U.S. and a meaningful share of the Japan market. P&D is a non-GAAP
  financial measure that includes direct and assumed amounts received on
  traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and deposits on
  life‑contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal
  life, investment‑type annuity contracts and mutual funds. See
  Item 7. MD&A — Results of Operations for Institutional
  Markets, Retirement and Life for a reconciliation of P&D to premiums. 
   
  
 


 We have a significant
international presence in both developed markets and growth economy nations,
specifically in Asia Pacific, Central Europe, the Middle East, Africa and South
America. We distribute our products through three major geographic regions: 

 •      Americas:   
Includes the United States, Canada, Mexico, South America, the Caribbean and
Bermuda.  

 •      Asia Pacific:  
Includes Japan, China, Korea, Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Australia,
Indonesia and other Asia Pacific nations. 

 •      EMEA (Europe,
Middle East and Africa):   Includes the United Kingdom, Continental Europe,
the Russian Federation, India, the Middle East and Africa. 

 In 2015, 6.3 percent and 5.1 percent of our property casualty
direct premiums were written in the states of California and New York,
respectively, and 14.3 percent and 7.2 percent were written in Japan and the
United Kingdom, respectively. No other state or foreign jurisdiction accounted
for more than five percent of such premiums. 


 


 
  
   
   8 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Diversified Mix of Businesses* 

 (dollars
in millions)  

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

   

 

 *    Represents
revenues from insurance operations.  Revenues
for Property Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty, and Personal Insurance include net
premiums earned and net investment income.  Revenues for Institutional Markets,
Retirement and Life include premiums, policy fees, net investment income and
advisory fees. 



 
  




 


 
  
   
   9 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / commercial insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Commercial Insurance 
   
  
 
   
   Business Strategy 
   Customer:  Strive to be our clients’ most valued
  insurer by offering innovative products, superior service and access to an
  extensive global network.      
   
  
 
   
   Sharpen Commercial Focus:   Achieve ROE in excess of target across our businesses
  primarily through improvements in our loss ratio.    Improve our business portfolio through risk selection
  by using enhanced data, analytics and the application of science to deliver
  superior risk-adjusted returns. Exit or remediate targeted sub-segments of
  underperforming portfolios that do not meet our risk acceptance or
  profitability objectives. 
   
  
 
   
   Drive Efficiency:   Reorganize our operating model into “modular”, more
  self-contained business units to enhance decision making, transparency and
  accountability, driving performance improvement and strategic flexibility over
  time; increase capital fungibility and diversification, streamline our legal
  entity structure, optimize reinsurance, improve tax   efficiency and reduce
  expenses. 
   
  
 
   
   Invest to Grow:  Grow our higher-value businesses while
  investing in transformative opportunities, continuing initiatives to
  modernize our technology and infrastructure, advancing our engineering
  capabilities, innovating new products and client risk services and delivering
  a better client experience. 
   
  
 


    


 


 
  
   
   10 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / commercial insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Commercial Insurance Competitive Strengths and Challenges
   
   
  
 
   
   Commercial
  Insurance is a global franchise committed to delivering value to our clients
  through innovative solutions, market-leading expertise and superior service. 
   Our competitive
  strengths include: 
   Global franchise  –
  long global history, extensive multinational network and leading positions
  and infrastructures in North America, Europe and Asia 
   Underwriting and claims
  expertise  – industry-leading professionals with deep expertise handling
  large, complex and emerging risks  
   Innovation  –  a
  culture of innovation driven by risk management expertise and a focus on
  customer needs 
   Information and science capabilities 
  – decades of unique proprietary data on wide range of client risks,
  underwriting results and analytical capabilities to generate valuable client
  insights 
   Service  – extensive
  client risk service teams to partner with clients to mitigate their most
  critical risks 
   Financial strength   and
  market leadership  – a well-capitalized, strong balance sheet highly
  valued by customers that allows us to be a market leader in many lines of
  business 
   Scale  – size and
  scope of business facilitates risk diversification to optimize returns on
  capital 
   Diversification  –
  breadth of customers served, products underwritten and distribution channels 
   Our challenges include: 
   Information technology
  infrastructure  requires modernization, which puts pressure on our efforts
  to reduce operating expenses 
   Long-tail exposures  create
  an added challenge to pricing and risk management 
   Over capacity  in
  certain lines of business creates downward pressure on market pricing 
   Tort environment 
  volatility in certain jurisdictions and lines of business 
   Volatility  from
  natural and man-made catastrophes from a property casualty perspective  
   
  
 


    


 


 
  
   
   11 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / commercial insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 A Look at  Commercial Insurance 

 Property Casualty conducts its business primarily through
our Non-Life Insurance Companies. 

 Mortgage Guaranty conducts its business primarily through
United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company. 

 Institutional Markets
conducts its business primarily through our Life Insurance Companies. 

 Commercial Insurance Operating Segments  

 Commercial Insurance’s current operating segments consist of
 Property Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty and Institutional Markets.  

 
  
   
   Property Casualty Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Casualty:  Products include general liability, commercial
  automobile liability, workers’ compensation, excess casualty and crisis
  management insurance products. Casualty also includes risk-sharing and other
  customized structured programs for large corporate and multinational
  customers. 
   Property:  Products include commercial, industrial and
  energy-related property insurance products and services that cover exposures
  to man-made and natural disasters, including business interruption. 
   Specialty:  Products include aerospace, environmental, political
  risk, trade credit, surety and marine insurance, and various small and medium
  sized enterprises insurance lines. 
   Financial:  Products include professional liability insurance for a
  range of businesses and risks, including directors and officers liability
  (D&O), fidelity, employment practices, fiduciary liability, cybersecurity
  risk, kidnap and ransom, and errors and omissions insurance (E&O). 
   Property Casualty
  products are primarily distributed through a network of independent retail
  and wholesale brokers, and through a newly acquired leading U.S. managing
  general agent and insurance program administrator. 
   
    
  
 
   
   Mortgage Guaranty Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage insurance (MI)
  protects mortgage lenders and investors against the increased risk of
  borrower default related to high loan-to-value (LTV) mortgages. 
   Mortgage Guaranty
  products and services are directly distributed to a comprehensive range of
  mortgage originators including national mortgage, community and money center
  banks, as well as through builder-owned, regional mortgage and
  internet-sourced lender and credit unions. 
   
    
  
 
   
   Institutional
  Markets Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Products primarily include stable value wrap
  products, structured settlement and terminal funding annuities, high net
  worth products, corporate- and bank-owned life insurance and guaranteed
  investment contracts (GICs). 
   Institutional Markets
  products are primarily distributed through specialized marketing and
  consulting firms and structured settlement brokers.   
   
    
  
 



 


 
  
   
   12 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS   

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / commercial insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Commercial Insurance Competition 

 Operating in a highly competitive industry, Property
Casualty competes against several hundred stock companies, specialty insurance
organizations, mutual companies and other underwriting organizations in the
U.S. In international markets, Property Casualty competes for business with the
foreign insurance operations of large global insurance groups and local companies
in specific market areas and product types. Mortgage Guaranty competes with
several private providers of mortgage insurance, both well-established and new
entrants to the industry, and the Federal Housing Administration, which is the
largest provider of mortgage insurance in the United States. Institutional
Markets competes with large domestic (both stock and mutual) life companies, as
well as international life companies. 

 Insurance companies compete through a combination of risk
acceptance criteria, product pricing, service and terms and conditions.
Commercial Insurance distinguishes itself in the insurance industry primarily
based on its well-established brand, global franchise, financial and capital
strength, innovative products, expertise in providing specialized coverages and
customer service.  

 We serve our business and
individual customers on a global basis — from the largest multinational
corporations to local businesses and individuals. Our clients benefit from our
substantial underwriting expertise and long-term commitment to the markets we
serve.  









 


 
  
   
   13 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Consumer Insurance 
   
  
 


 
  
   
   Consumer Insurance is
  focused on achieving improved returns by investing in markets where we can
  grow profitably and sustainably.  Our strategic plan is aligned with our
  vision to be our clients’ most valued insurer.  We intend to enhance our
  operational effectiveness and use of analytics to reduce expenses, increase
  profitability, and facilitate delivery of our target customer
  experience.   
   Business Strategy 
   Customer:   Through our unique franchise, which brings together a
  broad portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal insurance products
  offered through multiple distribution networks, Consumer Insurance aims to
  provide customers with the products and services they desire, delivered through
  the channels they prefer. 
   
  
 
   
   Information-Driven Strategy:   Utilize customer insight, analytics and the application of
  science to optimize customer acquisition, product profitability, product mix,
  channel performance and risk management capabilities. 
   
  
 
   
   Sharpen Consumer Focus:   I nvest
  in areas where Consumer Insurance can grow profitably and sustainably. Target
  growth in select markets according to market size, growth potential, market
  maturity and customer demographics, and narrow our footprint in less profitable
  markets with insufficient scale. 
   
  
 
   
   Operational Effectiveness:   Simplify processes and enhance operating environments to
  increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities and
  facilitate delivery of our target customer experience. 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Strategy:   Maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed
  maturity securities that largely matches the duration characteristics of
  related insurance liabilities with assets of comparable duration, and pursue
  selective yield-enhancement opportunities that meet liquidity, risk and
  return objectives. 
   
  
 
   
   Profitability and Capital Management:   Deliver solid earnings through disciplined pricing, sustainable underwriting improvements,
  expense reductions and diversification of risk, and increase capital
  efficiency within insurance entities to enhance ROE. 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   14 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Consumer Insurance Competitive Strengths and Challenges 
   
  
 
   
   Our competitive
  strengths include: 
   Unique franchise 
  – broad portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal insurance
  products offered through multiple distribution networks 
   Market leader  –
  long-standing, leading positions in many of our product lines and key
  distribution channels 
   Global business 
  – ability to leverage multinational servicing capabilities 
   Strong
  distribution relationships across multiple channels  – opportunity to
  expand on distribution relationships to effectively market diverse product
  offerings 
   Information and
  science capabilities  – used to  build decision
  tools, transform  processes and optimize performance 
   Customer-focused
  service  – investments in technology and operating platforms provide the
  foundation to deliver our target customer experience 
   Risk
  diversification and scale  – breadth of product offerings and scale
  advantage in key   product lines 
   Capital strength  –
  capacity to drive growth in attractive markets and product lines 
   Our challenges
  include: 
   Highly
  competitive environment  where products are differentiated by pricing,
  terms, customer service and ease of doing business 
   Regulatory
  requirements  in recent years have created an increasingly complex
  environment that is affecting industry growth and profitability 
   Low interest rate 
  environment makes it more difficult to profitably price many of our products
  and puts margin pressure on existing products due to the challenge of
  investing in a low rate environment 
   
  
 


   

 A Look at  Consumer
Insurance 

 The Retirement and Life operating segments conduct their
business primarily through our Life Insurance Companies.   

 The Personal Insurance operating segment conducts its
business primarily through our Non-Life Insurance Companies. 


 


 
  
   
   15 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Consumer
Insurance Operating Segments  

 Consumer Insurance’s current operating segments consist of  Retirement,
Life,  and  Personal Insurance .  

 
  
   
   Retirement Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities :
  Products include single and
  flexible premium fixed annuities and single premium immediate and deferred
  income annuities. The Fixed Annuities product line maintains its
  industry-leading position in the U.S. bank distribution channel by designing
  products collaboratively with banks and offering an efficient and flexible
  administration platform. 
   Retirement Income Solutions: 
   Primary products include variable and fixed index annuities that provide both
  asset accumulation and lifetime income benefits, as well as
  investment-focused variable annuities.  Variable annuities are distributed
  primarily through banks, wirehouses, and regional and independent broker‑dealers.
  Fixed index annuities are distributed primarily through banks, broker
  dealers, independent marketing organizations and independent insurance agents. 
   Group Retirement:  Products
  are marketed under the VALIC brand and include fixed and variable annuities,
  mutual funds, and plan administrative and compliance services. VALIC career
  financial advisors and independent financial advisors provide retirement plan
  participants with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning services. 
   Retail Mutual Funds: 
  Includes our mutual fund sales and related administration and servicing
  operations. 
   
    
  
 
   
   Life Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Life  products in the
  U.S. primarily include term life and universal life insurance. International products
  include term and whole life insurance, supplemental health, cancer and
  critical illness insurance. Life products are primarily distributed through
  independent marketing organizations, independent insurance agents, financial
  advisors and direct marketing. The Life operating segment also offers group
  products distributed through employers (both employer-paid and voluntary) and
  sponsored organizations, with the key products being basic and supplemental
  term life, universal life and disability insurance. 
   
    
  
 
   
   Personal Insurance Product Lines 
   
  
 
   
   Accident
  and Health : Products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and
  supplemental health products for individuals, employees, associations and
  other organizations as well as a broad range of travel insurance products and
  services for leisure and business travelers. Accident and Health (A&H)
  products are distributed through various channels, including agents, brokers,
  affinity partners, airlines and travel agents. 
   Personal
  Lines : Products include automobile and
  homeowners insurance, extended warranty, and consumer specialty products,
  such as identity theft and credit card protection. Products are distributed
  through various channels, including agents, brokers and direct marketing.
  Personal Insurance also provides insurance for high net worth individuals
  offered through AIG Private Client Group, including auto, homeowners,
  umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections insurance.   
   
    
  
 


   

    


 


 
  
   
   16 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS / consumer insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 Consumer Insurance Competition 

 Consumer
Insurance operates in the highly competitive insurance and financial services
industry in the U.S. and select international markets and competes against
various financial services companies, including mutual funds, banks and other
life and property casualty insurance companies.  Competition is primarily based
on product pricing and design, distribution, financial strength, customer service
and ease of doing business. 

 Consumer
Insurance competes based on its long‑standing market leading positions,
innovative products, distribution relationships across multiple channels,
customer-focused service and strong financial ratings.  

    



 
  



 Corporate
and Other  includes: 

 Corporate and Other  consists of assets and income from assets held
by AIG Parent and other corporate subsidiaries, general operating expenses not
attributable to specific reportable segments and interest expense. It also
includes run-off lines of insurance business, including excess workers’
compensation, asbestos and environmental (1986 and prior), certain
environmental liability businesses, certain healthcare coverage, certain
casualty and specialty coverages reported in Eaglestone Reinsurance Company,
and certain long-duration business, primarily in Japan and the U.S. 



 
  




 


 
  
   
   17 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 OUR
EMPLOYEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2015, we had approximately 66,400 employees. We
believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory.  

 *  Includes employees in
Finance; Enterprise Risk Management; Legal, Regulatory and Compliance; Human
Resources and Administration; and Internal Audit. 








 
 


 
  
   
   18 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 A Review of Liability for
Unpaid LOSSES and loss Adjustment Expenses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
(also referred to as loss reserves) represents the accumulation of estimates
for unpaid reported losses (case reserves) and losses that have been incurred
but not reported (IBNR) for the Non-Life Insurance Companies and Eaglestone
Reinsurance Company, including the related expenses of settling those losses.   

 We recognize as assets the portion of this liability that is
expected to be recovered from reinsurers. Loss reserves are discounted, where
permitted, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

 The Loss Reserve Development
Process 

 The process of establishing the liability for unpaid losses
and loss adjustment expenses is complex and imprecise because it must take into
consideration many variables that are subject to the outcome of future events.
As a result, informed subjective estimates and judgments about our ultimate
exposure to losses are an integral component of our loss reserving process.  

 
  
   
   We use a number of techniques to analyze the adequacy of the
  established net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses (net
  loss reserves). Using these analytical techniques, we monitor the adequacy of
  our established reserves and determine appropriate assumptions for inflation
  and other factors influencing loss costs. Our analyses also take into account
  emerging specific development patterns, such as case reserve redundancies or
  deficiencies and IBNR emergence. We also consider specific factors that may
  impact losses, such as changing trends in medical costs, unemployment levels
  and other economic indicators, as well as changes in legislation and social
  attitudes that may affect decisions to file claims or the magnitude of court
  awards. See Item 7. MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates for a
  description of our loss reserving process. 
   
  
   
   Because reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of
  future events, changes in prior year estimates are unavoidable in the
  insurance industry. These changes in estimates are sometimes referred to as “prior
  year loss development” or “reserve development.” 
   

   
  
 

 A significant portion of the Non-Life Insurance Companies’
reserves are for the U.S. commercial casualty class, including excess casualty,
asbestos and environmental, which tends to involve longer periods of time for
the reporting and settlement of claims than other types of insurance and
therefore may increase the inherent risk and uncertainty with respect to our loss
reserve development. 

 Analysis of Consolidated Loss
Reserve Development 

 The “Analysis of Consolidated Loss Reserve Development” table
presents the development of prior year net loss reserves for calendar years
2005 through 2015 for each balance sheet in that period. The information in the
table is presented in accordance with reporting requirements of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (SEC). This table should be interpreted with care by
those not familiar with its format or those who are familiar with other loss
development analyses arranged in an accident year or underwriting year basis
rather than the balance sheet, as shown below. See Note 12 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 The top row of the table shows  Net Reserves Held  (the
net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses) at each balance
sheet date, net of discount.  This liability represents the estimated amount
of losses and loss adjustment expenses for claims arising in all years prior to
the balance sheet date that were unpaid as of that balance sheet date,
including estimates for IBNR claims, net of estimated reinsurance recoverable
and loss reserve discount. The estimated reinsurance recoverable is shown near
the bottom of the table. The amount of loss reserve discount included in the
net reserves at each date is shown immediately below the net reserves held. The
undiscounted reserve at each date is equal to the sum of the discount and the
net reserves held. For example,  Net Reserves Held (Undiscounted)  was
$59.6 billion at December 31, 2005. 


 


 
  
   
   19 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The next section of the table
shows the original  Net Undiscounted Reserves re-estimated  over 10 years.
This re-estimation takes into consideration a number of factors, including
changes in the estimated frequency of reported claims, effects of significant
judgments, the emergence of latent exposures, and changes in medical cost
trends.  For example, the original undiscounted reserve of
$59.6 billion at December 31, 2005, was re-estimated to $71.7 billion
at December 31, 2015. The amount of the development related to losses
settled or re-estimated in 2015, but incurred in 2012, is included in the
cumulative development amount for years 2012, 2013 and 2014. Any increase or
decrease in the estimate is reflected in operating results in the period in
which the estimate is changed. 

 The middle of the table shows  Net Deficiency.  This
is the aggregate change in estimates over the period of years covered by the
table.  For example, the net loss reserve deficiency of $12.1 billion
for 2005 is the difference between the original undiscounted reserve of
$59.6 billion at December 31, 2005 and the $71.7 billion of
re-estimated reserves at December 31, 2015. The net deficiency amounts are
cumulative; in other words, the amount shown in the 2014 column includes the
amount shown in the 2013 column, and so on. Conditions and trends that have
affected development of the liability in the past may not necessarily occur in
the future. Accordingly, it generally is not appropriate to extrapolate future
development based on this table. 

 The bottom portion of the table shows the  Paid
(Cumulative)  amounts during successive years related to the undiscounted
loss reserves.  For example, as of December 31, 2015, AIG had paid a total
of $58.7 billion of the $71.7 billion in re-estimated reserves for
2005, resulting in Remaining Reserves (Undiscounted) of $13.0 billion for
2005. Also included in this section are the  Remaining Reserves
(Undiscounted)  and the  Remaining Discount  for each year. 

 As discussed
in footnotes (a) and (b) below, the calendar year distribution of these Paid
(Cumulative) amounts are estimates that are affected by certain transactions,
such as deconsolidations resulting from dispositions. These payment amounts may
differ from the actual losses paid for a given accident year.  

 The following table presents loss reserves and the
related loss development for 2005 through 2015 and consolidated gross liability
(before discount), reinsurance recoverable and net liability recorded for each
calendar year, and the re‑estimation of these amounts as of
December 31, 2015. (a) 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2005 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Net Reserves Held (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       57,476 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       62,630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       69,288 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       72,455 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       67,899 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       71,507 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       70,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       68,782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       64,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       61,612 
   
  
       $ 
   
  
       60,603 
   
  
 
   
   Discount (in Reserves Held) 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,110 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,264 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,429 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,574 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,217 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,183 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,246 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,555 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,077 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,148 
   
  
 
   
   Net Reserves Held (Undiscounted) 
   
  
     
   
  
       59,586 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,894 
   
  
     
   
  
       71,717 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,029 
   
  
     
   
  
       70,554 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,724 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,008 
   
  
     
   
  
       72,028 
   
  
     
   
  
       67,871 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,689 
   
  
       $ 
   
  
       63,751 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net undiscounted Reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      re-estimated as of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      One year later 
   
  
     
   
  
       59,533 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,238 
   
  
     
   
  
       71,836 
   
  
     
   
  
       77,800 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,736 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,919 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,429 
   
  
     
   
  
       72,585 
   
  
     
   
  
       68,574 
   
  
     
   
  
       68,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Two years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       60,126 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,764 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,318 
   
  
     
   
  
       82,043 
   
  
     
   
  
       74,529 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,502 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,167 
   
  
     
   
  
       73,571 
   
  
     
   
  
       72,296 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Three years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       61,242 
   
  
     
   
  
       67,303 
   
  
     
   
  
       78,275 
   
  
     
   
  
       81,719 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,187 
   
  
     
   
  
       76,023 
   
  
     
   
  
       76,212 
   
  
     
   
  
       76,897 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Four years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       63,872 
   
  
     
   
  
       70,733 
   
  
     
   
  
       78,245 
   
  
     
   
  
       82,422 
   
  
     
   
  
       76,058 
   
  
     
   
  
       77,031 
   
  
     
   
  
       79,050 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Five years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       67,102 
   
  
     
   
  
       70,876 
   
  
     
   
  
       79,098 
   
  
     
   
  
       83,135 
   
  
     
   
  
       77,054 
   
  
     
   
  
       79,573 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Six years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       67,518 
   
  
     
   
  
       71,572 
   
  
     
   
  
       79,813 
   
  
     
   
  
       84,100 
   
  
     
   
  
       79,319 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Seven years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       68,233 
   
  
     
   
  
       72,286 
   
  
     
   
  
       80,770 
   
  
     
   
  
       86,177 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Eight years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       69,023 
   
  
     
   
  
       73,356 
   
  
     
   
  
       82,616 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Nine years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       70,029 
   
  
     
   
  
       75,154 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Ten years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       71,724 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Deficiency on net reserves held 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,260) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,899) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,765) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,042) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,869) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,425) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Deficiency related to asbestos 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      and environmental (A&E) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,798) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,296) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,278) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,229) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,076) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (575) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (469) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (401) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (278) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Deficiency excluding A&E 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,340) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,964) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,621) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,919) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,689) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,274) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,497) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,400) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,024) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,841) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Paid (Cumulative) as of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      One year later 
   
  
     
   
  
       15,326 
   
  
     
   
  
       14,862 
   
  
     
   
  
       16,531 
   
  
     
   
  
       24,267 
   
  
     
   
  
       15,919 
   
  
     
   
  
       17,661 
   
  
     
   
  
       19,235 
   
  
     
   
  
       18,758 
   
  
     
   
  
       17,745 
   
  
     
   
  
       18,205 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Two years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       25,152 
   
  
     
   
  
       24,388 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,791 
   
  
     
   
  
       36,164 
   
  
     
   
  
       28,428 
   
  
     
   
  
       30,620 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,766 
   
  
     
   
  
       31,265 
   
  
     
   
  
       30,658 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Three years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       32,295 
   
  
     
   
  
       34,647 
   
  
     
   
  
       40,401 
   
  
     
   
  
       46,856 
   
  
     
   
  
       38,183 
   
  
     
   
  
       40,091 
   
  
     
   
  
       41,464 
   
  
     
   
  
       41,368 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Four years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       40,380 
   
  
     
   
  
       40,447 
   
  
     
   
  
       48,520 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,616 
   
  
     
   
  
       45,382 
   
  
     
   
  
       47,379 
   
  
     
   
  
       49,197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Five years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       44,473 
   
  
     
   
  
       46,474 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,593 
   
  
     
   
  
       58,513 
   
  
     
   
  
       51,104 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,449 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Six years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       49,552 
   
  
     
   
  
       50,391 
   
  
     
   
  
       57,686 
   
  
     
   
  
       62,734 
   
  
     
   
  
       56,030 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Seven years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       52,243 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,545 
   
  
     
   
  
       61,221 
   
  
     
   
  
       66,558 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   20 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
      Eight years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       54,332 
   
  
     
   
  
       56,424 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,517 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Nine years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       56,516 
   
  
     
   
  
       59,208 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Ten years later 
   
  
     
   
  
       58,703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Reserves (Undiscounted) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,619 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,603 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Discount 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,454 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,610 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,776 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,942 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,091 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,257 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,429 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,594 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,778 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,966 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,567 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,336 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,677 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,198 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,867 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,424 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,935 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,860 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,637 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Liability, End of Year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,894 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,717 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75,029 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,008 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,028 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63,751 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance Recoverable, End of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,693 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,644 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,339 
   
  
 
   
   Gross Liability, End of Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,263 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   91,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   88,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   91,237 
   
  
     
   
  
   85,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,337 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,090 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Re-estimated Net Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,724 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   86,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,573 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,897 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Re-estimated Reinsurance Recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,800 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,392 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,850 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,403 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,894 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,289 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Re-estimated Gross Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   102,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   105,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   97,952 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   97,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   95,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   83,097 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cumulative Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Redundancy (Deficiency) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (17,245) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (13,872) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14,079) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (13,195) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9,911) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,963) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,125) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,554) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,377) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) During
2009, we deconsolidated Transatlantic Holdings, Inc. and sold 21st Century
Insurance Group and HSB Group, Inc. The sales and deconsolidation are reflected
in the table above as a reduction in December 31, 2009 net reserves of $9.7
billion and as an $8.6 billion increase in paid losses for the years 2000
through 2008 to remove the reserves for these divested entities from the ending
balance. 

 (b) The
increase in Net Reserves Held from 2009 to 2010 is partially due to the $1.7
billion in Net Reserves Held by Fuji Fire, which was acquired in 2010.  The
decrease in 2011 is due to the cession of asbestos reserves described in Item
7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance Companies— Asbestos
and Environmental (1986 and prior). 

 The Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
as reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015 differs from
the total reserves reported in the annual statements filed with state insurance
departments and, when applicable, with foreign regulatory authorities primarily
for the following reasons:  

 •       
 Reserves for certain foreign operations are not required or permitted to
be reported in the United States for statutory reporting purposes, including
contingency reserves for catastrophic events;  

 •       
 Statutory practices in the United States require reserves to be shown
net of applicable reinsurance recoverable; and  

 •       
 Unlike statutory financial statements, our consolidated liability for
unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses excludes the effect of intercompany
transactions. 

 Gross loss reserves are calculated without reduction for
reinsurance recoverable and represent the accumulation of estimates for
reported losses and IBNR, net of estimated salvage and subrogation. We review
the adequacy of established gross loss reserves in the manner previously
described for net loss reserves. A reconciliation of activity in the Liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is included in Note 12 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 For further discussion of asbestos and environmental
reserves, see Item 7. MD&A — Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance
Companies— Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and prior). 

 Reinsurance
Activities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Reinsurance is used primarily to manage overall capital
adequacy and mitigate the insurance loss exposure related to certain events
such as natural and man-made catastrophes. 

 Our subsidiaries operate worldwide primarily by underwriting
and accepting risks for their direct account on a gross basis and reinsuring a
portion of the exposure on either an individual risk or an aggregate basis to
the extent those risks exceed the desired retention level.   In
addition, as a condition of certain direct underwriting transactions, we are
required by clients, agents or regulation to cede all or a portion of risks to
specified reinsurance entities, such as captives, other insurers, local
reinsurers and compulsory pools. 


 


 
  
   
   21 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Over the last several years, the Non-Life
Insurance Companies revised the ceded reinsurance framework and strategy to
improve capital management and support our global product line risk and
profitability objectives.  As a result of adopting the revised framework
and strategy, many individual reinsurance contracts were consolidated into more
efficient global programs and therefore, reinsurance ceded to third parties in
support of risk and capital management objectives has remained stable in 2015
compared to 2014. We continually evaluate the relative attractiveness of
different forms of reinsurance contracts and different markets that may be used
to achieve our risk and profitability objectives.  

 Reinsurance markets include: 

 •    
 Traditional local and global reinsurance markets including those in the
United States, Bermuda, London and Europe, accessed directly and through
reinsurance intermediaries; 

 •    
 Capital markets through insurance-linked securities and collateralized
reinsurance transactions, such as catastrophe bonds, sidecars and similar
vehicles; and  

 •    
 Other insurers that engage in both direct and assumed reinsurance. 

 The form of reinsurance that we may choose from time to time
will generally depend on whether we are seeking:  

 •      proportional
reinsurance, whereby we cede a specified percentage of premiums and losses to
reinsurers;  

 •      non-proportional
or excess of loss reinsurance, whereby we cede all or a specified portion of
losses in excess of a specified amount on a per risk, per occurrence (including
catastrophe reinsurance) or aggregate basis; or  

 •    
 facultative contracts that reinsure individual policies.  

 Reinsurance contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from
their direct obligations to insureds. However, an effective reinsurance program
substantially mitigates our exposure to potentially significant losses. 

 In certain markets, we are required to participate on a
proportional basis in reinsurance pools based on our relative share of direct
writings in those markets.  Such mandatory reinsurance generally covers
higher-risk consumer exposures such as assigned-risk automobile and earthquake,
as well as certain commercial exposures such as workers’ compensation. 

 See Item 7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk
Management – Insurance Operations Risks – Non-Life Insurance
Companies Key Insurance Risks – Reinsurance Recoverable for a summary of
significant reinsurers. 

 REGULATion   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our
operations around the world are subject to regulation by many different types
of regulatory authorities, including insurance, securities, derivatives,
investment advisory and thrift regulators in the United States and abroad. 

 Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and
supervision by the states and jurisdictions in which they do business.  The
insurance and financial services industries generally have been subject to
heightened regulatory scrutiny and supervision in recent years. 


 


 
  
   
   22 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following summary provides
a general overview of our primary regulators and related bodies and a brief
description of their oversight with respect to us and our subsidiaries, including
key regulations or initiatives that we are currently, or may in the future be,
subject to. Such regulations and initiatives, both in the United States and
abroad, are discussed in more detail following the summary. 

 
  
   
   U.S. Federal
  Regulation 
   
  
 
   
   Board of Governors of the
  Federal Reserve System (FRB):  Oversees and regulates financial
  institutions, including nonbank systemically important financial institutions
  (nonbank SIFIs). We are currently subject to the FRB’s examination,
  supervision and enforcement authority, and certain reporting requirements, as
  a nonbank SIFI. 
   Office of the Comptroller
  of the Currency (OCC):  Charters, regulates and supervises all national
  banks and federal savings associations. The OCC supervises and regulates AIG
  Federal Savings Bank, our trust-only federal thrift subsidiary. 
   Securities and Exchange
  Commission (SEC):  Oversees and regulates the U.S. securities and
  security-based swap markets, U.S. mutual funds, U.S. broker-dealers and U.S.
  investment advisors. Principal regulator of the mutual funds offered by our
  broker-dealer subsidiaries. The SEC is in the process of implementing rules
  and regulations governing reporting, clearing, execution and margin
  requirements for security-based swaps entered into within the U.S or by U.S. persons.
  Our security-based   swap activities are likely
  to be subject to certain of these rules and regulations .   
   Commodities Futures
  Trading Commission (CFTC):  Oversees and regulates the U.S. swap,
  commodities and futures markets. The CFTC has begun implementing and is
  continuing to implement rules and regulations governing reporting, clearing,
  execution, margin and other requirements for swaps entered into within the
  U.S. or involving U.S. persons. Our swap activities are subject to certain of
  these rules and regulations.    
   Dodd-Frank
  Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank):  Dodd-Frank
  has effected comprehensive changes to financial services regulation and
  subjects us, or may subject us, as applicable, to additional federal
  regulation, including: 
   •    
   enhanced prudential standards for nonbank SIFIs (including minimum
  leverage and risk-based capital requirements, capital planning, stress tests,
  liquidity requirements, corporate governance requirements, contingent capital
  requirements, counterparty credit limits, an early remediation regime process
  and resolution planning); 
   •    
   limitations on proprietary trading or covered fund activities, if the
  FRB decides to impose certain elements of Section 619 of Dodd-Frank (referred
  to as the “Volcker Rule”) on nonbank SIFIs;  
   •    
   financial sector concentration limits; and 
   •    
   increased regulation and restrictions on derivatives markets and
  transactions. 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. State
  Regulation 
   
  
 
   
   State Insurance Regulators:  Our
  insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by the
  states and other jurisdictions in which they do business. Regulation is
  generally derived from statutes that delegate supervisory and regulatory
  powers to a state insurance regulator, and  primarily relates to the
  insurer’s financial condition, corporate conduct and market conduct
  activities. 
   NAIC Standards:  The
  National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) is a standard-setting
  and regulatory support organization created and governed by the chief
  insurance regulators from the 50 states, the District of Columbia and five
  U.S. territories. The NAIC itself is not a regulator, but through the NAIC,
  state insurance regulators establish standards and best practices, conduct
  peer review and coordinate regulatory oversight. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   23 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Foreign Regulation 
   
  
 
   
   Financial Stability Board
  (FSB):  Consists of representatives of national financial authorities of
  the G20 nations. The FSB itself is not a regulator, but is focused primarily
  on promoting international financial stability. It does so by coordinating
  the work of national financial authorities and international standard-setting
  bodies as well as developing and promoting the implementation of regulatory,
  supervisory and other financial policies. 
   International Association
  of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS):  Represents insurance regulators and
  supervisors of more than 200 jurisdictions in nearly 140 countries and seeks
  to promote globally consistent insurance industry supervision. The IAIS
  itself is not a regulator, but one of its activities is to develop insurance
  regulatory standards for use by local authorities across the globe, such as
  the IAIS’ Insurance Core Principles (ICPs). The FSB has directed the IAIS to
  develop additional standards in areas such as financial group supervision,
  capital and solvency standards, systemic financial risk and corporate
  governance in order to reinforce international financial stability. The FSB
  also charged the IAIS with developing a framework for measuring systemic
  risks posed by insurance groups. Based on the IAIS’ assessment methodology
  for identifying global systemically important insurers (G-SIIs), the FSB has
  identified nine G-SIIs, including AIG, which may subject us to a policy
  framework for G-SIIs that includes recovery and resolution planning, enhanced
  group-wide supervision, enhanced liquidity and systemic risk management planning,
  and group-wide capital standards, including higher loss absorbency (HLA) capital.
  The IAIS is also developing ComFrame, a Common Framework for the Supervision
  of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs). ComFrame sets out
  qualitative and quantitative standards in order to assist supervisors in
  collectively addressing an IAIG’s activities and risks, identifying and
  avoiding regulatory gaps and coordinating supervisory activities.  In
  connection with ComFrame, the IAIS is in the process of developing a
  risk-based global insurance capital standard (ICS) applicable to IAIGs.  AIG
  currently meets the parameters set forth to define an IAIG. Standards issued
  by the FSB and/or IAIS are not binding on the United States or other
  jurisdictions around the world unless and until the appropriate local
  governmental bodies or regulators adopt appropriate laws and regulations.  
   European Union (EU):  Financial
  companies that operate in the EU are subject to regulation by the national
  regulator of each member state in which that firm operates. Groups that are
  categorized as financial conglomerates are also subject to supplementary
  supervision. This seeks to enable supervisors to perform consolidated
  insurance group supervision at the level of the ultimate parent entity. The
  objective of supplementary supervision is to detect, monitor, manage and
  control group risks and ensure that capital is not accounted for twice or
  more within the conglomerate. The Prudential Regulatory Authority (PRA), the
  United Kingdom’s prudential regulator, is AIG’s EU lead supervisor. The
  Financial Conduct Authority has oversight of AIG’s European operations for
  consumer protection and competition matters within the UK.  The EU has also
  established a set of regulatory requirements under the European Market
  Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) that include, among other things, risk
  mitigation, risk management, regulatory reporting and clearing requirements. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   24 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   The
  European Parliament issues Directives which member states have to implement
  into legislation. Once implemented into country legislation, financial
  companies operating in Europe must adhere to these. Examples include: 
   1.       The
  Insurance Distribution Directive (IDD), which updates the Insurance Mediation
  Directive, extending its scope to all sellers of insurance products,
  including direct selling to customers, any person involved in administrating
  policies and ancillary insurance intermediaries. The main provisions include
  remuneration disclosure, cross-selling limitations and professional training
  requirements. The IDD is expected to be finalized in February 2016 and
  require implementation by 2018. 
   2.       The
  Solvency II Directive (2009/138/EEC) (Solvency II), which became effective on
  January 1, 2016, includes minimum capital and solvency requirements,
  governance requirements, risk management and public reporting standards.  
   Regulation of Foreign
  Insurance Company Subsidiaries:  Generally, our subsidiaries operating in
  foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements. Our foreign
  operations are also regulated in various jurisdictions with respect to
  currency, policy language and terms, advertising, amount and type of security
  deposits, amount and type of reserves, amount and type of capital to be held,
  amount and type of local investment and the share of profits to be returned
  to policyholders on participating policies. Some foreign countries also
  regulate rates on various types of policies. 
   
  
 


 Federal Reserve
Supervision 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Due to the determination of the Financial Stability
Oversight Council (Council) that we should be regulated by the FRB as a nonbank
SIFI pursuant to Section 113 of Dodd-Frank, we have been since July 2013
subject to the FRB’s examination, supervision and enforcement authority, and
certain reporting requirements as a nonbank SIFI. Dodd-Frank requires that the
Council reevaluate its determination annually; however, the Council’s 2014 and
2015 annual reevaluations did not result in a change to our nonbank SIFI
status, and we remain regulated by the FRB. 

 Dodd-Frank has effected comprehensive changes to the
regulation of financial services in the United States and subjects us to
substantial additional federal regulation. Dodd-Frank directs existing and
newly created government agencies and oversight bodies to promulgate
regulations implementing the law, an ongoing process that is under way and is
anticipated to continue over the next few years.  

 As required by Dodd-Frank, the FRB has adopted enhanced
prudential standards (including minimum leverage and risk-based capital
requirements, requirements to submit annual capital plans to the FRB
demonstrating the ability to satisfy the required capital ratios under baseline
and stressed conditions, and stress-testing requirements )  for
bank holding companies with $50 billion (and in some cases, $10 billion) or
more in total consolidated assets and certain foreign banking organizations .  The FRB has also adopted liquidity coverage ratio and
supplemental leverage ratio requirements for a subset of large banking
organizations. These requirements do not apply to nonbank SIFIs that are
predominantly insurers, such as AIG.  Dodd-Frank authorizes the FRB to
tailor its application of enhanced prudential standards to different companies
on an individual basis or by category, and the FRB has indicated that it
intends to assess the business model, capital structure and risk profile of
nonbank SIFIs to determine how enhanced prudential standards should apply to
them, and, if appropriate, to tailor the application of these standards for
nonbank SIFIs by order or regulation. We cannot predict what enhanced
prudential standards the FRB will promulgate for nonbank SIFIs, either
generally or as applicable to insurance businesses. The FRB has exercised
general examination, supervision and enforcement authority over us as a nonbank
SIFI since July 2013.  We cannot predict how the FRB’s continuing exercise of
its general supervisory authority over us as a nonbank SIFI will develop,
although the FRB could, as a prudential matter, for example, limit our ability
to pay dividends, repurchase shares of AIG Common Stock or acquire or enter
into other businesses. We cannot predict with certainty the requirements of the
regulations ultimately adopted or how or whether Dodd-Frank and such
regulations will affect the financial markets generally, impact our businesses,
results of operations, cash flows or financial condition, or require us to
raise additional capital or result in a downgrade of our credit ratings.
Congress also clarified that the FRB has the flexibility to tailor capital
rules specifically for certain insurance activities  
 


 
  
   
   25 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 and
is not bound to impose capital standards and quantitative requirements
generally applicable to insured depository institutions and bank holding companies. 
We cannot predict with certainty, however, what capital rules the FRB may
impose on insurers designated as nonbank SIFIs. 

 As a nonbank SIFI, we anticipate we will be subject to: 

 •    
 stress tests to determine whether, on a consolidated basis, we have the
capital necessary to absorb losses due to adverse economic conditions; 

 •    
 enhanced prudential standards, including new group-wide requirements
relating to risk-based capital, leverage, liquidity and credit exposure, as
well as overall risk management requirements;  

 •    
 management interlock prohibitions and a requirement to maintain a plan
for rapid and orderly resolution in the event of severe financial distress
(requirements that we are already subject to); and  

 •    
 an early remediation regime process to be administered by the FRB. 

 Furthermore, if the Council were to make an additional
separate determination that AIG poses a “grave threat” to U.S. financial
stability, we would be required to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio of no more
than 15:1 and the FRB may impose additional restrictions. 

 As part of its general prudential supervisory powers, the FRB
has the authority to limit our ability to conduct activities that would
otherwise be permissible for us to engage in if we do not satisfy certain
requirements. In addition, if we were to seek to acquire a stake in certain
financial companies, Dodd-Frank would require us to obtain the prior
authorization of the FRB. 

 Other Effects
of Dodd-Frank 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In addition, Dodd-Frank may also have the following effects
on us: 

 •    
 As a nonbank SIFI, we are currently required to provide on an annual
basis (or more frequently, if required) to the FRB and FDIC a plan for our
rapid and orderly resolution in the event of material financial distress or
failure, which must, among other things, provide a detailed resolution strategy
and analyses of our material entities, organizational structure,
interconnections and interdependencies, and management information systems.  Our
original resolution plan was submitted to regulators on July 1, 2014, and our
second resolution plan on December 31, 2015. We continue to refine and update
our resolution plan, which is next required to be submitted to regulators on
December 31, 2016.  If the FRB and FDIC jointly determine, based on their
review of the plan, that it is not credible or would not facilitate our orderly
resolution under Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code), they
may require us to re-submit an amended plan.  If the re-submitted plan also
fails to meet regulatory expectations, the FRB and FDIC may exercise their
authority under Dodd-Frank to impose more stringent capital, leverage, or
liquidity requirements, restrict our growth, activities, or operations, require
us to divest assets and operations, or otherwise increase their level of supervision
of us. 

 •    
 The Council may recommend that state insurance regulators or other
regulators apply new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or
practices that we and other insurers or other financial services companies
engage in.  

 •    
 Title II of Dodd-Frank provides that a financial company whose largest
United States subsidiary is an insurer (such as us) may be subject to a special
resolution process outside the Bankruptcy Code. That process is to be
administered by the FDIC upon a determination of the Secretary of the Treasury
(the Secretary), in consultation with the President, and upon the written
recommendation of the director of the Federal Insurance Office and the FRB,
that, among other things, it is in default or in danger of default, that the
insurer is not likely to attract private sector alternatives to default, and is
not suitable for resolution under the Bankruptcy Code.  

 •    
 Title VII of Dodd-Frank provides for significantly increased regulation
of and restrictions on derivatives markets and transactions that could affect
various activities of AIG and its insurance and financial services
subsidiaries, including (i) regulatory reporting for swaps (which are regulated
by the CFTC) and security-based swaps (which are regulated by the SEC), (ii) mandated
clearing through central counterparties and execution through regulated swap
execution facilities for certain swaps and security-based swaps and (iii)
margin and collateral requirements.  The CFTC has finalized many of its  
 


 
  
   
   26 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 requirements, including swap reporting, the mandatory
clearing of certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps, margin
requirements for uncleared swaps, and the mandatory trading of certain swaps on
swap execution facilities. The SEC has proposed certain rules with respect to
certain of the regulations and restrictions noted above governing
security-based swaps but has yet to finalize the majority of rules comprising
its security-based swap regulatory regime. These regulations have affected and
may further affect various activities of AIG and its insurance and financial
services subsidiaries as further rules are finalized to implement additional
elements of the regulatory regime.  

 Similar regulations have been
proposed or adopted outside the United States.  For instance, the EU has also
established a set of new regulatory requirements for EU derivatives activities
under EMIR. These requirements include, among other things, various risk
mitigation, risk management and regulatory reporting requirements that have
already become effective and clearing requirements that were outlined in EU
delegated legislation at the end of 2015, and are phased in over three years.
These requirements could result in increased administrative costs with respect
to our EU derivatives activities and overlapping or inconsistent regulation
depending on the ultimate application of cross-border regulatory requirements
between and among U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions.  

 •    
 Dodd-Frank mandated a study to determine whether stable value contracts
should be included in the definition of "swap." If that study
concludes that stable value contracts are swaps, Dodd-Frank authorizes certain
federal regulators to determine whether an exemption from the definition of a
swap for stable value contracts is appropriate and in the public interest.
Certain of our affiliates participate in the stable value contract business. We
cannot predict what regulations might emanate from the aforementioned study or
be promulgated applicable to this business in the future.  

 •    
 Dodd-Frank established a Federal Insurance Office (FIO) within the
United States Department of the Treasury (Department of the Treasury) headed by
a director appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury. While not having a
general supervisory or regulatory authority over the business of insurance, the
director of this office performs various functions with respect to insurance
(other than health insurance), including serving as a non-voting member of the
Council. On December 12, 2013, the FIO released a Dodd-Frank mandated study on
how to modernize and improve the system of insurance regulation in the United
States. The report listed several actions that states could take to improve the
uniformity and efficiency of the current state based regulatory system and
highlighted certain areas in which Federal involvement is recommended. The FIO
recommended that the states undertake reforms regarding capital adequacy,
reform of insurer resolution practices, and marketplace regulation.  On
November 20, 2015, the Department of Treasury and the United States Trade
Representative announced their intention to negotiate an agreement between the
U.S. and the EU regarding prudential measures with respect to insurance and
reinsurance. 

 •    
 Dodd-Frank established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)
as an independent bureau within the FRB to regulate consumer financial products
and services offered primarily for personal, family or household purposes.
Insurance products and services are not within the CFPB's general jurisdiction,
although the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development has since
transferred authority to the CFPB to investigate mortgage insurance practices.
Broker-dealers and investment advisers are not subject to the CFPB's
jurisdiction when acting in their registered capacity.  

 •    
 Title XIV of Dodd-Frank also restricts certain terms for mortgage loans,
such as loan fees, prepayment fees and other charges, and imposes certain
duties on a lender to ensure that a borrower can afford to repay the loan.  

 Dodd-Frank imposes various assessments on financial
companies, including, as applicable to us, fees for our supervision by the FRB
and assessments to cover the costs of any special resolution of a financial
company conducted under Title II (although the regulatory authority would have
to take account of the amounts paid by us into state guaranty funds).  

 We cannot predict whether these actions will become effective
or the effect they may have on the financial markets or on our business,
results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and credit ratings.
However, it is possible that such effect could be materially adverse. See Item
1A. Risk Factors — Regulation for additional information. 

 Other
Regulatory Developments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 As described
below, AIG has been designated as a Global Systemically Important Insurer
(G-SII).   


 


 
  
   
   27 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 In
addition to the adoption of Dodd-Frank in the United States, regulators and
lawmakers around the world are continuing to review the causes of the financial
crisis and taking steps to avoid similar problems in the future. The FSB,
consisting of representatives of national financial authorities of the G20
nations, has issued a series of frameworks and recommendations intended to
produce significant changes in how financial companies, particularly global
systemically important financial institutions, should be regulated. These
frameworks and recommendations address such issues as financial group supervision,
capital and solvency standards, systemic financial risk, corporate governance
including compensation, and a number of related issues associated with
responses to the financial crisis. The FSB has directed the IAIS to create
standards relative to many of these areas.  These new measures go beyond IAIS’
existing set of insurance core principles (ICPs).  The ICPs form the baseline
threshold against which countries’ financial services regulatory regimes
specific to the insurance sector are measured. That measurement is made by
periodic Financial Sector Assessment Program (FSAP) reviews conducted by the
International Monetary Fund and the World Bank and the reports thereon spur the
development of country-specific additional or amended regulatory changes.
Lawmakers and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions in which our
subsidiaries conduct business have, in the past few years, implemented
legislative and regulatory changes consistent with these recommendations,
including, for example, updated Insurance Company Ordinances in Hong Kong and
consolidated regulation of insurance holding companies by the Financial
Services Agency in Japan.  

 The FSB has charged the IAIS with developing a framework
for measuring systemic risks posed by insurer groups. The IAIS has requested
data from selected insurers around the world to determine which elements of the
insurance sector, if any, could materially and adversely impact other parts of
the global financial services sector (e.g., commercial and investment banking,
securities trading, etc.).  Based on the IAIS’s assessment methodology for
identifying G-SIIs, on July 18, 2013, the FSB, in consultation with the IAIS
and national authorities, identified an initial list of nine G-SIIs, which
included AIG.  G-SIIs are designated on an annual basis, and AIG was
re-designated as a G-SII by the FSB on November 6, 2014, and again on November
3, 2015. The IAIS released a public consultation document in November 2015,
outlining proposed revisions to the 2013 methodology for identifying G-SIIs.
The IAIS intends G-SIIs to be subject to a policy framework that includes
recovery and resolution planning, enhanced group-wide supervision, enhanced
liquidity and systemic risk management planning; and group-wide capital standards,
including HLA capital. The IAIS’ basic capital requirement (BCR), which it
finalized in October 2014, was endorsed by the FSB in October 2014 and by the
G20 nations in November 2014.  The BCR covers all group activities, with
AIG reporting its BCR ratios to national authorities on a confidential basis
beginning in 2015.  The BCR serves as the initial foundation for the
application of HLA.  In October 2015, the IAIS announced that it had concluded
initial development of the HLA requirements for G-SIIs, which will be reported
on a confidential basis to group-wide supervisors beginning in 2016. HLA was
endorsed by the FSB in September 2015 and by the G20 nations in November 2015.
Both the BCR and HLA are calculated for insurance and non-insurance activities. 
In particular, the IAIS released another public consultation in November 2015
on “Non-traditional Non-insurance Activities and Products.”  The notion of
non-traditional non-insurance activities and products plays a significant role
in the assessment methodology for designating G-SIIs and in the determination
of the BCR and the HLA.  Ultimately, the G-SII policy framework is expected to
be fully implemented by the IAIS by 2019. 

 The IAIS is also developing ComFrame, a Common Framework
for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs), which
sets out qualitative and quantitative standards designed to assist supervisors
in collectively addressing an IAIG’s activities and risks, identifying and
avoiding regulatory gaps and coordinating supervisory activities.  In
connection with ComFrame, the IAIS is in the process of developing a risk-based
global ICS applicable to IAIGs.  As currently defined under ComFrame, AIG
meets the parameters set forth to define an IAIG.  ComFrame standards are
expected to be finalized in 2019, and the IAIS is conducting field testing of
ComFrame, including the ICS, ahead of that deadline.  It is expected that
implementation of ComFrame and the ICS would begin in 2020. 

 The standards discussed above, issued by the FSB and/or the
IAIS, are not binding on the United States or other jurisdictions around the
world unless and until the appropriate local governmental bodies or regulators
adopt appropriate laws and regulations.  At this time it is not known how
the IAIS’s frameworks and/or standards might be implemented in the United
States and other jurisdictions around the world, or how they might apply to AIG. 

 Legislation in the European
Union could also affect our international insurance operations. Solvency II,
which became effective on January 1, 2016, reforms the insurance industry’s
solvency framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements,
governance requirements, risk management and public reporting standards. In
accordance with Solvency II, in the absence of decision by the European
Commission on whether a supervisory regime outside of the EU is equivalent,  
 


 
  
   
   28 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Member States may decide either to apply relevant
Solvency II requirements to a worldwide insurance group operating in the EU as
if it were based in the European Economic Area, or to use “other methods”.
Firms have to apply for a waiver to the appropriate EU regulator in order for
the regulator to use “other methods.”  AIG’s UK subsidiary, AIG Europe Limited,
has applied to the PRA and been granted a waiver to allow the PRA to use “other
methods.” Over the long-term, the impact on us will depend on whether the U.S.
insurance regulatory regime is deemed “equivalent” to Solvency II; if the U.S.
insurance regulatory regime is not equivalent and no other agreement addressing
these differences is reached with the EU, we, along with other U.S.-based
insurance companies, could be required to be supervised under Solvency II
standards. On November 20, 2015, the Department of the Treasury and the United
States Trade Representative announced their intention to negotiate an agreement
between the U.S. and the EU, and that in these negotiations they would seek to
obtain, among other things, treatment of the U.S. insurance regulatory system
as “equivalent” for purposes of Solvency II. The European Commission has
granted “provisional equivalence” with respect to the “solvency calculation”
area of Solvency II to the insurance regulation regime of several countries,
including the United States. The provisional equivalence, granted for a period
of 10 years, will allow EU insurers with subsidiaries operating in these
countries to use local rules, rather than Solvency II rules, to carry out their
EU prudential reporting for these subsidiaries, and as such is not applicable to
U.S. insurers such as AIG. This decision will take effect following the review
by the European Parliament and the European Council. Whether the U.S. insurance
regulatory regime will be deemed “equivalent” as relating to U.S. insurers such
as AIG is still under consideration by European authorities and remains
uncertain, so we are not currently able to predict the impact of Solvency II. 

 ERISA
Considerations  

 We provide products and services
to certain employee benefit plans that are subject to the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA) or the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code).  Plans subject to ERISA include
pension and profit sharing plans and welfare plans, including health, life and
disability plans.  As a result, our activities are subject to the restrictions
imposed by ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, including the requirement under
ERISA that fiduciaries must perform their duties solely in the interests of
ERISA plan participants and beneficiaries, and that fiduciaries may not cause a
covered plan to engage in certain prohibited transactions.  The prohibited
transaction rules of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code generally restrict the
provision of investment advice to ERISA plans and participants and Individual
Retirement Account (IRA) holders if the investment recommendation results in
fees paid to the individual advisor, his or her firm or their affiliates that
vary according to the investment recommendation chosen.   ERISA also provides
for civil and criminal penalties and enforcement.  

 The U.S. Department of Labor
(DOL) proposed a new regulation in April 2015 that would, if enacted,
substantially expand the definition of "investment advice," which
would substantially expand the range of activities considered to be fiduciary
investment advice under ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code.  In connection
with the proposed regulation, the DOL also proposed amendments to its
prohibited transaction exemption under ERISA that would, among other things,
apply more extensive disclosure and contract requirements, and increased
fiduciary requirements, for transactions involving ERISA plans, plan
participants and IRA holders.  On January 28, 2016, the DOL submitted its final
version of the proposed regulation to the Office of Management and Budget for
review.  The proposed regulation is subject to potential modification before
the final rule, if any, is issued. It is unknown at this time whether or how
any final regulation may be different from that proposed, and what the timing
for implementation of compliance requirements would be, if adopted.  For
additional information, see Item 7. MD&A — Executive Overview - Consumer
Insurance Strategic Initiatives and Outlook. 

 We expect that the regulations
applicable to us and our regulated entities will continue to evolve for the
foreseeable future.  

 Regulation of
Insurance Subsidiaries  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain states and other jurisdictions require registration
and periodic reporting by insurance companies that are licensed in such
jurisdictions and are controlled by other entities. Applicable legislation
typically requires periodic disclosure concerning the entity that controls the
registered insurer and the other companies in the holding company system and
prior approval of intercompany services and transfers of assets, including in
some instances payment of dividends by the insurance subsidiary, within the
holding company system. Our subsidiaries are registered under such legislation
in those jurisdictions that have such requirements.  


 


 
  
   
   29 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Our insurance subsidiaries are
subject to regulation and supervision by the states and by other jurisdictions
in which they do business. Within the United States, the method of such
regulation varies but generally has its source in statutes that delegate
regulatory and supervisory powers to an insurance official. The regulation and
supervision relate primarily to the financial condition of the insurers and
their corporate conduct and market conduct activities. This includes approval
of policy forms and rates, the standards of solvency that must be met and
maintained, including with respect to risk-based capital, the standards on
transactions between insurance company subsidiaries and their affiliates,
including restrictions and limitations on the amount of dividends or other
distributions payable by insurance company subsidiaries to their parent
companies, the licensing of insurers and their agents, the nature of and
limitations on investments, restrictions on the size of risks that may be insured
under a single policy, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders,
requirements for acceptability of reinsurers, periodic examinations of the
affairs of insurance companies, the form and content of reports of financial
condition required to be filed, reserves for unearned premiums, losses and
other purposes and enterprise risk management and corporate governance
requirements. In general, such regulation is for the protection of
policyholders rather than the equity owners of these companies.  

 In the U.S., the Risk-Based Capital (RBC) formula is designed
to measure the adequacy of an insurer's statutory surplus in relation to the
risks inherent in its business. Virtually every state has adopted, in
substantial part, the RBC Model Law promulgated by the NAIC, which allows
states to act upon the results of RBC calculations, and provides for four
incremental levels of regulatory action regarding insurers whose RBC
calculations fall below specific thresholds. Those levels of action range from
the requirement to submit a plan describing how an insurer would regain a
specified RBC ratio to a mandatory regulatory takeover of the company. The RBC
formula computes a risk-adjusted surplus level by applying discrete factors to
various asset, premium and reserve items. These factors are developed to be
risk-sensitive so that higher factors are applied to items exposed to greater
risk.  The statutory surplus of each of our U.S. based insurance companies
exceeded RBC minimum required levels as of December 31, 2015.  

 If any of our insurance entities fell below prescribed levels
of statutory surplus, it would be our intention to provide appropriate capital
or other types of support to that entity. For additional information, see Item
7. MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Liquidity and Capital Resources
of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries — Non-Life Insurance Companies and — Life
Insurance Companies. 

 The NAIC’s Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires insurers to establish additional statutory
reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees and
universal life policies with secondary guarantees (ULSGs). NAIC Actuarial
Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of Regulation XXX as to
these guarantees, including certain ULSGs. See Item 1A – Risk Factors and Note 18
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for risks and additional information
related to these statutory reserving requirements. Additionally, the NAIC has
adopted a Principle-Based Reserving (PBR) approach for life insurance products,
which will become operational once adopted in 42 U.S. jurisdictions accounting
for at least 75 percent of U.S. insurance premiums combined.  Once it becomes
operational, PBR would replace Regulation XXX and Guidelines AXXX with respect
to new life insurance business issued.  Two of our domiciliary states (Missouri
and Texas) have adopted regulations necessary to implement PBR once the
required number of jurisdictions and insurance premiums threshold have been
satisfied. 

 The NAIC has undertaken the Solvency Modernization Initiative
(SMI) which focuses on a review of insurance solvency regulations throughout
the U.S. financial regulatory system and is expected to lead to a set of
long-term solvency modernization goals. SMI is broad in scope, but the NAIC has
stated that its focus will include the U.S. solvency framework, group solvency
issues, capital requirements, international accounting and regulatory
standards, reinsurance and corporate governance. 

 The NAIC has adopted revisions to the NAIC Insurance Holding
Company System Regulatory Act (the Model Holding Company Act) and the Insurance
Holding Company System Model Regulation.  The revised models include provisions
authorizing NAIC commissioners to act as global group-wide supervisors for
internationally active insurance groups, and the requirement that the ultimate
controlling person of a U.S. insurer file an annual enterprise risk report with
the lead state of the insurer identifying risks likely to have a material
adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of the insurer or its
insurance holding company system as a whole. To date, a majority of the states
where AIG has domestic insurers have enacted a version of the revised Model
Holding Company Act, including the enterprise risk reporting requirement.  


 


 
  
   
   30 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1 /  BUSINESS 

 
  
   
     
     
   
  
 


   


 
 A substantial portion of our
business is conducted in foreign countries. The degree of regulation and
supervision in foreign jurisdictions varies. Generally, our subsidiaries operating
in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements, licenses
issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification
or revocation by such authorities, and therefore these subsidiaries could be
prevented from conducting business in certain of the jurisdictions where they
currently operate.  

 In addition to licensing requirements, our foreign operations
are also regulated in various jurisdictions with respect to currency, policy
language and terms, advertising, amount and type of security deposits, amount
and type of reserves, amount and type of capital to be held, amount and type of
local investment and the share of profits to be returned to policyholders on
participating policies. Some foreign countries regulate rates on various types
of policies. Certain countries have established reinsurance institutions,
wholly or partially owned by the local government, to which admitted insurers
are obligated to cede a portion of their business on terms that may not always
allow foreign insurers, including our subsidiaries, full compensation. In some
countries, regulations governing constitution of technical reserves and
remittance balances may hinder remittance of profits and repatriation of
assets.  

 See Item 7. MD&A — Liquidity and Capital Resources —
Regulation and Supervision and Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 AVAILABLE INFORMATION ABOUT AIG 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our corporate website is  www.aig.com .  We make available free
of charge, through the Investor Information section of our corporate website,
the following reports (and related amendments as filed with the SEC) as soon as
reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with, or
furnished to, the SEC:  

 •    
 Annual Reports on Form 10-K 

 •    
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q  

 •    
 Current Reports on Form 8-K 

 •    
 Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, as well as other filings with
the SEC 

 Also available on our corporate website: 

 •    
 Charters for Board Committees:  Audit, Nominating and Corporate
Governance, Compensation and Management Resources, Risk and Capital,
Regulatory, Compliance and Public Policy, and Technology Committees  

 •    
 Corporate Governance Guidelines  ( which include Director
Independence Standards )  

 •    
 Director, Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officer Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics (we will post on our website any amendment or
waiver to this Code within the time period required by the SEC) 

 •    
 Employee Code of Conduct 

 •    
 Related‑Party Transactions Approval Policy  

 Except for the documents
specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
information contained on our website or that can be accessed through our
website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Reference to our website is made as an inactive textual
reference. 








 
 


 
  
   
   31 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 ITEM 1A /  RISK FACTORs  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Investing in
AIG involves risk. In deciding whether to invest in AIG, you should carefully
consider the following risk factors. Any of these risk factors could have a
significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity. They could also cause significant
fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. Readers
should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of
all potential risks that could affect AIG. These factors should be considered
carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the
other reports and materials filed by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Further, many of these risks are interrelated and could
occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of
certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of
others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact
of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity. 

 MARKET
CONDITIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Difficult conditions in the
global capital markets and the economy may materially and adversely affect our businesses,
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.  Our
businesses are highly dependent on the economic environment, both in the U.S.
and around the world. Extreme market events, such as the global financial
crisis during 2008 and 2009, have at times led, and could in the future lead,
to a lack of liquidity, highly volatile markets, a steep depreciation in asset
values across all classes, an erosion of investor and public confidence, and a
widening of credit spreads. Concerns and events beyond our control, such as
U.S. fiscal and monetary policy, the U.S. housing market, oil prices, slowing
growth in China and the Euro-Zone economies, concerns about European sovereign
debt risk and the European banking industry and declines in prices in the high
yield market and the resultant impact on certain funds have in the past, and
may in the future, adversely affect liquidity, increase volatility, decrease
asset prices, erode confidence and lead to wider credit spreads. Difficult
economic conditions could also result in increased unemployment and a severe
decline in business across a wide range of industries and regions. These market
and economic factors could have a material adverse effect on our businesses,
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

 Under difficult economic or market conditions, we could
experience reduced demand for our products and an elevated incidence of claims,
increased policy cancellations and lapses or surrenders of policies. Contract
holders may choose to defer or cease paying insurance premiums. Other ways in
which we could be negatively affected by economic conditions include, but are
not limited to: 

 •    
 declines in the valuation and performance of our investment portfolio,
including declines attributable to rapid increases in interest rates; 

 •    
 increased credit losses; 

 •    
 declines in the value of other assets; 

 •    
 impairments of goodwill and other long-lived assets; 

 •    
 additional statutory capital requirements; 

 •    
 limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets; 

 •    
 a decline in new business levels and renewals; 

 •    
 a decline in insured values caused by a decrease in activity at client
organizations; 

 •    
 an increase in liability for future policy benefits due to loss
recognition on certain long-duration insurance contracts; 

 •    
 higher borrowing costs and more limited availability of credit; 

 •    
 an increase in policy surrenders and cancellations; and 

 •    
 a write-off of deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC). 

 Sustained
low interest rates may materially and adversely affect our profitability. 
 Recent periods have been
characterized by low interest rates relative to historical levels.   Sustained
low interest rates can negatively affect the  
 


 
  
   
   32 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 performance
of our investment securities and reduce the level of investment income earned
on our investment portfolios. If a low interest rate environment persists, we
may experience lower investment income growth. Due to practical and capital
markets limitations, we may not be able to fully mitigate our interest rate
risk by matching exposure of our assets relative to our liabilities. Continued
low interest rates could also impair our ability to earn the returns assumed in
the pricing and the reserving for our products at the time they were sold and
issued. Changes in interest rates may be correlated with inflation trends,
which would impact our loss trends. 

 Investment
Portfolio, Concentration of Investments, Insurance and other Exposures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The performance and value of our
investment portfolio  are
subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including changes in interest
rates .    Our investment
securities are subject to market risks and uncertainties. In particular,
interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including monetary policy,
domestic and international economic and political issues and other factors
beyond our control. Changes in monetary policy or other factors may cause
interest rates to rise, which would adversely affect the value of the fixed
income securities that we hold and could adversely affect our ability to sell
these securities. In addition, the evaluation of available-for-sale securities
for other-than-temporary impairments, which may occur if interest rates rise,
is a quantitative and qualitative process that is subject to significant
management judgment. For a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain
market risk factors, see Item 7. MD&A – Enterprise Risk Management – Market
Risk Management. Furthermore, our alternative investment portfolio includes
investments for which changes in fair value are reported through operating income
and are therefore subject to significant volatility.  In an economic downturn
or declining market, the reduction in our investment income due to decreases in
the fair value of alternative investments could have a material adverse effect
on operating income. 

 Our
investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy. 
Our results of operations and financial condition have in the past been, and
may in the future be, adversely affected by the degree of concentration in our
investment portfolio. We have concentrations in real estate and real
estate-related securities, including residential mortgage-backed, commercial
mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and commercial mortgage
loans. We also have significant exposures to financial institutions and, in
particular, to money center and global banks; certain industries, such as
energy and utilities; U.S. state and local government issuers and authorities;
PICC Group and PICC P&C, as a result of our strategic investments; and Euro
Zone financial institutions, governments and corporations. Events or
developments that have a negative effect on any particular industry, asset
class, group of related industries or geographic region may adversely affect
our investments to the extent they are concentrated in such segments. Our
ability to sell assets concentrated in such areas may be limited. 

 Concentration
of our insurance and other risk exposures may have adverse effects. 
We may be exposed to risks as a result of concentrations in our insurance policies,
derivatives and other obligations that we undertake for customers and
counterparties. We manage these concentration risks by monitoring the
accumulation of our exposures to factors such as exposure type, industry,
geographic region, counterparty and other factors. We also seek to use
reinsurance, hedging and other arrangements to limit or offset exposures that
exceed the limits we wish to retain. In certain circumstances, however, these
risk management arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms or may
prove to be ineffective for certain exposures. Also, our exposure for certain
single risk coverages and other coverages may be so large that adverse
experience compared to our expectations may have a material adverse effect on
our consolidated results of operations or result in additional statutory
capital requirements for our subsidiaries. Also see Item 7. MD&A – Executive
Overview – Commercial Insurance Outlook and Strategic Initiatives. 

 Our valuation of investment
securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are
subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment
valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity.   During
periods of market disruption, it may be difficult to value certain of our
investment securities if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data
becomes less observable. There may be cases where certain assets in normally
active markets with significant observable data become inactive with
insufficient observable data due to the financial environment or market
conditions in effect at that time. As a result, valuations may include inputs
and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and judgment
as well as valuation methods that are more complex. These values may not be
realized in a market transaction, may not reflect the value of the asset and
may  
 


 
  
   
   33 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 change very rapidly as market conditions change
and valuation assumptions are modified. Decreases in value and/or an inability
to realize that value in a market transaction or secured lending transaction
may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity. 

 Reserves and Exposures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Insurance
liabilities are difficult to predict and may exceed the related reserves for
losses and loss expenses.  We regularly review the adequacy of the
established liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and
conduct extensive analyses of our reserves during the year. Our loss reserves,
however, may develop adversely. Estimation of ultimate net losses, loss
expenses and loss reserves is a complex process, particularly for long-tail
casualty lines of business. These lines include, but are not limited to,
general liability, commercial automobile liability, environmental, workers'
compensation, excess casualty and crisis management coverages, insurance and
risk management programs for large corporate customers and other customized
structured insurance products, as well as excess and umbrella liability,
Directors and Officers and products liability.  

 While we use a number of analytical reserve development
techniques to project future loss development, reserves may be significantly
affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors that were
relied upon in setting the reserves. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2015,
we recorded a net charge of $3.6 billion to strengthen our Non-Life Insurance
Companies' loss reserves, reflecting adverse development in classes of business
with long reporting tails, primarily in U.S. & Canada casualty, U.S. &
Canada financial lines and run-off lines. These changes in loss cost trends or
loss development factors could be due to difficulties in predicting changes,
such as changes in inflation, unemployment duration, or other social or
economic factors affecting claims, including the judicial environment. Any
deviation in loss cost trends or in loss development factors might not be
identified for an extended period of time after we record the initial loss
reserve estimates for any accident year or number of years. For a further
discussion of our loss reserves, see Item 7. MD&A — Insurance
Reserves —Non-Life Insurance Companies and Critical Accounting
Estimates — Insurance Liabilities — Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss
Adjustment Expenses (Non-Life Insurance Companies). 

 Our consolidated results of operations,
liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural
and man-made catastrophic events.  Events such as hurricanes,
windstorms, flooding, earthquakes, acts of terrorism, explosions and fires,
cyber-crimes, product defects, pandemic and other highly contagious diseases,
mass torts and other catastrophes have adversely affected our business in the
past and could do so in the future. In addition, we recognize the scientific
consensus that climate change is a reality of increasing concern, indicated by
higher concentrations of greenhouse gases, a warming atmosphere and ocean,
diminished snow and ice, and sea level rise. We understand that climate change
potentially poses a serious financial threat to society as a whole, with implications
for the insurance industry in areas such as catastrophe risk perception,
pricing and modeling assumptions. Because there is significant variability
associated with the impacts of climate change, we cannot predict how physical,
legal, regulatory and social responses may impact our business.     

 Such catastrophic events, and any relevant regulations,
could expose us to: 

 •    
 widespread claim costs associated with property, workers’ compensation,
A&H, business interruption and mortality and morbidity claims; 

 •    
 loss resulting from a decline in the value of our invested assets; 

 •    
 limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets;  

 •    
 loss resulting from actual policy experience that is adverse compared to
the assumptions made in product pricing;  

 •    
 declines in value and/or losses with respect to companies and other
entities whose securities we hold and counterparties we transact business with
and have credit exposure to, including reinsurers, and declines in the value of
investments; and  

 •    
 significant interruptions to our systems and operations. 

 Catastrophic events are generally unpredictable.  Our
exposure to catastrophes depends on various factors, including the frequency
and severity of the catastrophes, the rate of inflation and the value and geographic
concentration of insured property  
 


 
  
   
   34 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 and people. Vendor
models and proprietary assumptions and processes that we use to manage
catastrophe exposure may prove to be ineffective due to incorrect assumptions
or estimates.   

 In addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and
court decisions following major catastrophes could require us to pay the
insured beyond the provisions of the original insurance policy and may prohibit
the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated catastrophe claims. 

 For further details on potential catastrophic events,
including a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain catastrophes, see
Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management —Insurance
Operations Risks. 

 Reinsurance
may not be available or affordable and may not be adequate to protect us
against losses.  Our subsidiaries are major purchasers of
reinsurance and we use reinsurance as part of our overall risk management
strategy. While reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries from their
obligation to pay claims for losses insured under our policies, it does make
the reinsurer liable to them for the reinsured portion of the risk. For this
reason, reinsurance is an important tool to manage transaction and insurance
line risk retention and to mitigate losses from catastrophes. Market conditions
beyond our control determine the availability and cost of reinsurance. For
example, reinsurance may be more difficult or costly to obtain after a year
with a large number of major catastrophes. As a result, we may, at certain
times, be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may be unable
to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms. In that case, we would
have to accept an increase in exposure risk, reduce the amount of business
written by our subsidiaries or seek alternatives in line with our risk limits. Additionally,
we are exposed to credit risk with respect to our subsidiaries’ reinsurers to
the extent the reinsurance receivable is not secured by collateral or does not
benefit from other credit enhancements. We also bear the risk that a reinsurer
may be unwilling to pay amounts we have recorded as reinsurance recoverable for
any reason, including that (i) the terms of the reinsurance contract do not
reflect the intent of the parties of the contract or there is a disagreement
between the parties as to their intent, (ii) the terms of the contract cannot
be legally enforced, (iii) the terms of the contract are interpreted by a court
or arbitration panel differently than intended, (iv) the reinsurance transaction
performs differently than we anticipated due to a flawed design of the
reinsurance structure, terms or conditions, or (v) a change in laws and
regulations, or in the interpretation of the laws and regulations, materially
impacts a reinsurance transaction. The insolvency of one or more of our
reinsurers, or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the
terms of our contracts, could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and liquidity. Additionally, the use of reinsurance placed in the
capital markets, such as through catastrophe bonds, may not provide the same
levels of protection as traditional reinsurance transactions and any
disruption, volatility and uncertainty in the catastrophe bond market, such as
following a major catastrophe event, may limit our ability to access such
market on terms favorable to us or at all. Also, to the extent that we intend
to utilize catastrophe bond transactions based on an industry loss index or
other non-indemnity trigger rather than on actual losses incurred by us, we
could be subject to residual risk. Our inability to obtain adequate reinsurance
or other protection 
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition.  

 We currently have limited reinsurance coverage for terrorist
attacks.  Further, the availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism
is limited. As a result, we rely heavily on the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA), which provides U.S. government risk assistance to
the insurance industry to manage the exposure to terrorism incidents in the
United States. TRIPRA was reauthorized in January 2015 and is scheduled to
expire on December 31, 2020. Under TRIPRA, once our losses for certain acts of
terrorism exceed a deductible equal to 20 percent of our commercial property
and casualty insurance premiums for covered lines for the prior calendar year,
the federal government will reimburse us for losses in excess of our
deductible, starting at 85 percent of losses in 2015, and reducing by one
percentage point each year, ending at 80 percent in 2020, up to a total
industry program limit of $100 billion. TRIPRA does not cover losses in certain
lines of business such as consumer property and consumer casualty. 

 For additional information on our reinsurance recoverable,
see Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk Management — Insurance
Operations Risks — Reinsurance Recoverable.   


 


 
  
   
   35 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL AND CREDIT 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG
Parent’s ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited. 
As a holding company, AIG Parent depends on dividends, distributions and other
payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividends on AIG Common Stock and to
make payments due on its obligations, including its outstanding debt. The majority
of our investments are held by our regulated subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries may
be limited in their ability to make dividend payments or advance funds to AIG
Parent in the future because of the need to support their own capital levels or
because of regulatory limits or rating agency requirements. The inability of
our subsidiaries to make payments, dividends or distributions in an amount
sufficient to enable AIG Parent to meet its cash requirements could have an
adverse effect on our operations, our ability to pay dividends or our ability
to meet our debt service obligations. 

 Our internal sources of liquidity
may be insufficient to meet our needs.  We need liquidity to pay
our operating expenses, interest on our debt, maturing debt obligations and to
meet any statutory capital requirements of our subsidiaries. If our liquidity
is insufficient to meet our needs, we may at the time need to have recourse to
third-party financing, external capital markets or other sources of liquidity,
which may not be available or could be prohibitively expensive. The
availability and cost of any additional financing at any given time depends on
a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the volume of
trading activities, the overall availability of credit, regulatory actions and
our credit ratings and credit capacity. It is also possible that, as a result
of such recourse to external financing, customers, lenders or investors could
develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. Disruptions,
volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets, and downgrades in our
credit ratings, may limit our ability to access external capital markets at
times and on terms favorable to us to meet our capital and liquidity needs or
prevent our accessing the external capital markets or other financing sources.
For a further discussion of our liquidity, see Item 7. MD&A —
Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

 AIG
Parent’s ability to support our subsidiaries is limited.   AIG Parent has in the past and expects to continue
to provide capital to our subsidiaries as necessary to maintain regulatory
capital ratios, comply with rating agency requirements and meet unexpected cash
flow obligations.  If AIG Parent is unable to satisfy a capital need of a
subsidiary, the credit rating agencies could downgrade the subsidiary insurer’s
financial strength ratings or the subsidiary could become insolvent or, in
certain cases, could be seized by its regulator.  

 Our
subsidiaries may not be able to generate cash to meet their needs due to the
illiquidity of some of their investments.  Our subsidiaries have
investments in certain securities that may be illiquid, including certain fixed
income securities and certain structured securities, private company
securities, investments in private equity funds and hedge funds, mortgage
loans, finance receivables and real estate. Collectively, investments in these
assets had a fair value of $59 billion at December 31, 2015. Adverse
real estate and capital markets, and wider credit spreads, have in the past,
and may in the future, materially adversely affect the liquidity of our other
securities portfolios, including our residential and commercial mortgage‑related
securities portfolios. In the event additional liquidity is required by one or more
of our subsidiaries and AIG Parent is unable to provide it, it may be difficult
for these subsidiaries to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or
otherwise monetizing these less liquid investments. 

 A
downgrade in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance companies
could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business
and retaining customers and business.  Insurer Financial Strength
(IFS) ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position
of insurance companies. IFS ratings measure an insurance company’s ability to
meet its obligations to contract holders and policyholders. High ratings help
maintain public confidence in a company’s products, facilitate marketing of
products and enhance its competitive position. Downgrades of the IFS ratings of
our insurance companies could prevent these companies from selling, or make it
more difficult for them to succeed in selling, products and services, or result
in increased policy cancellations, lapses and surrenders, termination of
assumed reinsurance contracts, or return of premiums. Under credit rating
agency policies concerning the relationship between parent and subsidiary
ratings, a downgrade in AIG Parent’s credit ratings could result in a downgrade
of the IFS ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. Certain rating agencies recently
revised our IFS ratings and ratings outlooks, primarily as a result of our
reserve strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2015 and related concerns regarding
our profitability outlook. We cannot predict what actions rating agencies may
take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of rating
agencies, which could adversely affect our business. 


 


 
  
   
   36 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings could require us to post
additional collateral and result in the termination of derivative transactions. 
Credit ratings estimate a company’s ability to meet its obligations and may
directly affect the cost and availability of financing. A downgrade of our
long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies would require us to post
additional collateral payments related to derivative transactions to which we
are a party, and could permit the termination of these derivative transactions.
This could adversely affect our business, our consolidated results of
operations in a reporting period or our liquidity. In the event of further
downgrades of two notches to our long-term senior debt ratings, AIG would be
required to post additional collateral of $95 million, and certain of our counterparties
would be permitted to elect early termination of contracts. Certain rating
agencies recently revised the outlook for our credit ratings, primarily as a
result of our reserve strengthening in the fourth quarter of 2015 and related
concerns regarding our profitability outlook. We cannot predict what actions
rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the
actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. 

 Business and operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Interest
rate fluctuations, increased lapses and surrenders, declining investment
returns and other events may require our subsidiaries to accelerate the
amortization of DAC and record additional liabilities for future policy
benefits.  We incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and
renewal insurance business. DAC represents deferred costs that are incremental
and directly related to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal
of existing business. The recovery of DAC is generally dependent upon the future
profitability of the related business, but DAC amortization varies based on the
type of contract. For long-duration traditional business, DAC is generally
amortized in proportion to premium revenue and varies with lapse experience. 
Actual lapses in excess of expectations can result in an acceleration of DAC
amortization. 

 DAC for investment-oriented products is generally amortized
in proportion to estimated gross profits.  Estimated gross profits are affected
by a number of assumptions, including current and expected interest rates, net
investment income and spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender
rates, mortality experience and equity market returns and volatility.  If
actual and/or future estimated gross profits are less than originally expected,
then the amortization of DAC would be accelerated in the period the actual
experience is known and would result in a charge to income.  For example, if
interest rates rise rapidly and significantly, customers with policies that
have interest crediting rates below the current market may seek competing
products with higher returns and we may experience an increase in surrenders
and withdrawals of life and annuity contracts, resulting in a decrease in
future profitability and an acceleration of the amortization of DAC.  

 We also periodically review products for potential loss
recognition events, principally insurance-oriented products.  This review
involves estimating the future profitability of in-force business and requires
significant management judgment about assumptions including mortality,
morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment returns, including
net realized capital gains (losses). If actual experience or estimates result
in projected future losses, we may be required to amortize any remaining DAC
and record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefit
expense, which could negatively affect our results of operations.  For further
discussion of DAC and future policy benefits, see Item 7. MD&A — Critical Accounting
Estimates and Notes 8 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected
reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational
efficiency.  We may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense
reductions and operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect
to result from our restructuring initiatives. Actual costs to implement these
initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement
these initiatives, and the implementation of these initiatives may harm our
relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. The
successful implementation of these initiatives has required us and will
continue to require us to effect workforce reductions, business
rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and
asset dispositions and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some
of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to realize these anticipated
expense reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these
initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our
competitive position, our businesses and results of operations may be adversely
affected. 

    


 


 
  
   
   37 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Certain of our products have guarantees that may increase
the volatility of our results.  We offer
variable annuity and life insurance products with features that guarantee a certain
level of benefits, including guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB),
guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), guaranteed minimum withdrawal
benefits (GMWB), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (GMAB), and products
with guaranteed interest crediting rates tied to an index. In addition to
risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity product design, we have an
economic hedging program designed to manage market risk from GMWB and GMAB,
including exposures to changes in equity prices, interest rates, credit spreads
and volatilities. The hedging program utilizes derivative instruments,
including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate
swap and swaption contracts, as well as fixed maturity securities with a fair
value election. See Enterprise Risk Management – Life Insurance Companies Key
Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program for
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features. Nevertheless, differences between the change in fair value of GMWB
and GMAB embedded derivatives and the related hedging portfolio can be caused
by extreme and unanticipated movements in the equity markets, interest rates
and market volatility, policyholder behavior and our inability to purchase
hedging instruments at prices consistent with the desired risk and return
trade-off.  While we believe that our actions have reduced the risks related to
guaranteed benefits and guaranteed interest crediting, our exposure may not be
fully hedged, and we may be liable if counterparties are unable or unwilling to
pay, although the majority of our hedging derivative instruments are
exchange-traded, exchange-cleared and/or highly collateralized. We also remain
exposed to the risk that policyholder behavior and mortality may differ from
our assumptions. Finally, while we believe the impact of downturns in equity
markets, increased equity volatility or reduced interest rates would be
mitigated by our economic hedging program, the occurrence of one or more of
these events could result in an increase in the liabilities associated with the
guaranteed benefits that is not fully offset by the hedging program, reducing
our net income and shareholders’ equity. See Notes 4 and 13 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements, Item 1 – Business – Regulation, and Item 7. MD&A –
Critical Accounting Estimates for more information regarding these products. 

 Indemnity
claims could be made against us in connection with divested businesses. 
We have provided financial guarantees and indemnities in connection with the
businesses we have sold, as described in greater detail in Note 15 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. While we do not currently believe the claims
under these indemnities will be material, it is possible that significant
indemnity claims could be made against us. If such a claim or claims were
successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, cash flows and liquidity. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for more information on these financial guarantees and indemnities. 

 Our
foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations. 
We provide insurance, investment and other financial products and services to
both businesses and individuals in more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. A
substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, and
we intend to continue to grow this business. Operations outside the United
States may be affected by regional economic downturns, changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, political upheaval, nationalization and other
restrictive government actions, which could also affect our other operations. 

 The degree of regulation and supervision in foreign
jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must
satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses
may require AIG Parent to meet certain conditions. Licenses issued by foreign
authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation.
Consequently, our insurance subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting
future business in some of the jurisdictions where they currently operate.
Adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of
operations, depending on the magnitude of the event and our financial exposure
at that time in that country. 

 We
may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our
current and future distribution channels.  Although we distribute
our products through a wide variety of distribution channels, we maintain
relationships with certain key distributors. Distributors have in the past, and
may in the future, elect to renegotiate the terms of existing relationships, or
reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us, including for
such reasons as industry consolidation of distributors or other industry
changes that increase the competition for access to distributors, developments
in legislation or regulation that affect our business, adverse developments in
our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related
risks. An interruption in certain key relationships could materially affect our
ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our
businesses, operating results and financial condition. 


 


 
  
   
   38 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 In addition, when our products are
distributed through unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to monitor or
control the manner of their distribution, despite our training and compliance
programs. If our products are distributed to customers for whom they are
unsuitable or distributed in any other inappropriate manner, we may suffer
reputational and other harm to our business.  

 Significant
legal proceedings may adversely affect our results of operations or financial
condition.  We are party to numerous legal proceedings, including
class actions and regulatory and governmental investigations. Due to the nature
of these proceedings, the lack of precise damage claims and the type of claims
we are subject to, we cannot currently quantify our ultimate or maximum
liability for these actions. Developments in these unresolved matters could
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or
consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period. Starr
International Company, Inc. (SICO) has brought suit against the United States
challenging the government’s assistance of AIG, pursuant to which (i) AIG
entered into a credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and
(ii) the United States received an approximately 80 percent ownership interest
in AIG.  The United States has alleged that AIG is obligated to indemnify
the United States for any recoveries in these lawsuits.  A determination
that the United States is liable for damages in such suits, together with a
determination that AIG is obligated to indemnify the United States for any such
damages, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated
financial condition and results of operations.   For
a discussion of the SICO litigation and other unresolved matters, see Note 15
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 If we are unable to maintain
the availability of our electronic data systems and safeguard the security of
our data, our ability to conduct business may be compromised, which could
adversely affect our consolidated financial condition or results of operations .    We
use computer systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and utilize customer,
employee, and company data and information. Some of these systems in turn, rely
upon third-party systems. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to
access these systems to perform necessary business functions, including
providing insurance quotes, processing premium payments, making changes to
existing policies, filing and paying claims, administering variable annuity
products and mutual funds, providing customer support and managing our
investment portfolios. Systems failures or outages could compromise our ability
to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to
conduct business and hurt our relationships with our business partners and
customers. In the event of a natural disaster, a computer virus, unauthorized
access, a terrorist attack or other disruption inside or outside the U.S., our
systems may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners
for an extended period of time, and our employees may be unable to perform
their duties for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled
or destroyed. Our systems have in the past been, and may in the future be,
subject to unauthorized access, such as physical or electronic break-ins or
unauthorized tampering. Like other global companies, we have, from time to
time, experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and
computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, systems failures and disruptions.
There is no assurance that our security measures will provide fully effective
protection from such events.  AIG maintains cyber risk insurance, but this
insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of personal,
confidential or proprietary information being compromised. In some cases, such
unauthorized access may not be immediately detected. This may impede or
interrupt our business operations and could adversely affect our consolidated
financial condition or results of operations.  

 In addition, we routinely transmit, receive
and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other
electronic means. Although we attempt to keep such information confidential, we
may be unable to do so in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service
providers, counterparties and other third parties  who  may not have
or use appropriate controls to protect personal, confidential or proprietary
information. Furthermore, certain of our businesses are subject to compliance
with laws and regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the
European Union or other jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory
organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy and security of the
information of clients, employees or others. The compromise of personal,
confidential or proprietary information could result in remediation costs,
legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm.  

 The
integration of companies we acquire from time to time may not be as successful
as we anticipate. 
Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including operational, strategic,
financial, accounting, legal and tax risks. Difficulties in integrating an
acquired company may result in the acquired company performing differently than
we expected or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related
efficiencies. Our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by
acquisitions. Risks resulting from future acquisitions may have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  


 


 
  
   
   39 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 REGULATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our businesses are heavily
regulated and changes in regulation may affect our operations, increase our
insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability. 
Our operations generally, and our insurance subsidiaries, in particular, are
subject to extensive and potentially conflicting supervision and regulation by
national authorities and by the various jurisdictions in which we do business.
Supervision and regulation relate to numerous aspects of our business and
financial condition. State and foreign regulators also periodically review and
investigate our insurance businesses, including AIG-specific and industry-wide
practices. The primary purpose of insurance regulation is the protection of our
insurance contract holders, and not our investors. The extent of domestic
regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes. These statutes
delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to state
insurance departments. 

 We strive to maintain all required licenses and approvals.
However, our businesses may not fully comply with the wide variety of
applicable laws and regulations. The relevant authority’s interpretation of the
laws and regulations also may change from time to time. Regulatory authorities
have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew or revoke licenses and
approvals. If we do not have the required licenses and approvals or do not
comply with applicable regulatory requirements, these authorities could
preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our
activities or impose substantial fines. Further, insurance regulatory
authorities have relatively broad discretion to issue orders of supervision,
which permit them to supervise the business and operations of an insurance company. 

 In the U.S., the RBC formula is designed to measure the
adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus in relation to the risks inherent in
its business. Virtually every state has adopted, in substantial part, the RBC
Model Law promulgated by the NAIC, which specifies the regulatory actions the
insurance regulator may take if an insurer’s RBC calculations fall below
specific thresholds. Those actions range from requiring an insurer to submit a
plan describing how it would regain a specified RBC ratio to a mandatory
regulatory takeover of the company. Regulators at the federal and international
levels are also considering the imposition of additional group-wide capital
requirements on certain insurance companies designated as systemically
important, that may augment state-law RBC standards that apply at the legal
entity level, and such capital calculations may be made on bases other than the
statutory statements of our insurance subsidiaries. See “Our status as a
nonbank systemically important financial institution, as well as the enactment
of Dodd-Frank, will subject us to substantial additional federal regulation,
which may materially and adversely affect our businesses, results of operations
and cash flows” and “Actions by foreign governments and regulators could
subject us to substantial additional regulation” below for additional
information on increased capital requirements that may be imposed on us. We
cannot predict the effect these initiatives may have on our business, results
of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

 We provide products and services to certain employee
benefit plans that are subject to restrictions imposed by ERISA and the
Internal Revenue Code, including the requirement under ERISA that fiduciaries
must perform their duties solely in the interests of ERISA plan participants
and beneficiaries, and that fiduciaries may not cause a covered plan to engage
in certain prohibited transactions. The DOL has proposed a new regulation that
could, if enacted as originally proposed, materially affect our ability to sell
and service certain types of annuities and other investment products.  If the
new DOL proposals are finalized as originally proposed, the investment-related
information and support that our advisors and employees could provide to
ERISA-covered plan sponsors, participants and IRA holders on a non-fiduciary
basis could be substantially limited compared to what is allowed under current
law, and these changes could have a material impact on the types and levels of
and compensation structures associated with the investment products and
services we provide.  For additional information, see Item 1 – Business –
Regulation and Item 7 – MD&A – Executive Overview – Consumer Insurance
Strategic Initiatives and Outlook. 

 The degree of regulation and supervision in foreign
jurisdictions varies. AIG subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must
satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses
may require AIG Parent to meet certain conditions. Licenses issued by foreign
authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation.
Accordingly, our insurance subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting
future business in certain of the jurisdictions where they currently operate.
Adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of
operations, liquidity and financial condition, depending on the magnitude of
the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country.  

 See Item 1. Business – Regulation for further discussion of
our regulatory environment. 


 


 
  
   
   40 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Our status as a nonbank systemically important financial
institution, as well as the enactment of Dodd-Frank, will subject us to
substantial additional federal regulation, which may materially and adversely
affect our businesses, results of operations and cash flows.   On
July 21, 2010, Dodd-Frank, which effects comprehensive changes to the
regulation of financial services in the United States, was signed into law.
Dodd-Frank directs existing and newly created government agencies and bodies to
promulgate regulations implementing the law, an ongoing process anticipated to
continue over the next few years. 

 We cannot predict the requirements of the regulations
ultimately adopted, the level and magnitude of supervision we may become
subject to, or how Dodd-Frank and such regulations will affect the financial
markets generally or our businesses, results of operations or cash flows. It is
possible that the regulations adopted under Dodd-Frank and our regulation by
the FRB as a nonbank SIFI could significantly alter our business practices,
limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us to
raise additional capital, and impose burdensome and costly requirements and
additional costs. Some of the regulations may also affect the perceptions of
regulators, customers, counterparties, creditors or investors about our
financial strength and could potentially affect our financing costs. 

 See Item 1. Business – Regulation for further discussion of
the details of the aforementioned regulations to which AIG and its businesses
are subject. 

 Actions by foreign governments and regulators could
subject us to substantial additional regulation.    We
cannot predict the impact laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions
may have on the financial markets generally or our businesses, results of
operations or cash flows.  It is possible such laws and regulations, the impact
of our designation as a global systemically important insurer (G-SII), our
status as an Internationally Active Insurance Group (IAIG) and certain
initiatives by the FSB and the IAIS, including, but not limited to, the
application of HLA capital and the ongoing development of an ICS, and
implementation of Solvency II in the European Union, may significantly alter
our business practices, limit our ability to engage in capital or liability
management, require us to raise additional capital, and impose burdensome
requirements and additional costs.  It is possible that the laws and
regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions will differ from one another, and
that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of other
jurisdictions including the United States. 

 For further details on these international regulations and
their potential impact on AIG and its businesses, see Item 1. Business –
Regulation—Other Regulatory Developments. 

 The
USA PATRIOT Act, the Office of Foreign Assets Control and similar laws that
apply to us may expose us to significant penalties.  The
operations of our subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations, including,
in some cases, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, which require companies to know
certain information about their clients and to monitor their transactions for
suspicious activities. Also, the Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign
Assets Control administers regulations requiring U.S. persons to refrain from
doing business, or allowing their clients to do business through them, with
certain organizations or individuals on a prohibited list maintained by the U.S.
government or with certain countries. The United Kingdom, the European Union
and other jurisdictions maintain similar laws and regulations. Although we have
instituted compliance programs to address these requirements, there are
inherent risks in global transactions. 

 Attempts
to efficiently manage the impact of Regulation XXX and Actuarial Guideline
AXXX may fail in whole or in part resulting in an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.   The NAIC Model Regulation “Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires insurers to establish additional statutory
reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees and
universal life policies with secondary guarantees. In addition,  NAIC    Actuarial Guideline 38 (AG
38, also referred to as Guideline AXXX) clarifies the application of Regulation
XXX as to certain universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees.  

 Our domestic Life Insurance Companies manage the capital
impact of statutory reserve requirements under Regulation XXX and Guideline
AXXX through affiliated reinsurance transactions, to maintain their ability to
offer competitive pricing and successfully market such products. See Note 18 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on statutory
reserving requirements under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX and our use of
affiliated reinsurance. The NAIC and other state and federal regulators continue
to focus on life insurers’ affiliated reinsurance transactions used to satisfy
certain reserve requirements or to manage the capital impact of certain
statutory reserve requirements, particularly transactions using captive
insurance companies or special purpose vehicles. While our domestic Life
Insurance Companies do  
 


 
  
   
   41 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 not use captive or special
purpose vehicle structures for this purpose, we cannot predict whether any
applicable insurance laws or regulations will be changed in a way that
prohibits or adversely impacts the use of affiliated reinsurance.  If
regulations change, our statutory reserve requirements could increase, and we
could be required to increase prices on our products or incur higher expenses
to obtain reinsurance, which could adversely affect our competitive position,
financial condition or results of operations. If our actions to efficiently
manage the impact of Regulation XXX or Guideline AXXX on future sales of term
and universal life insurance products are not successful, we may incur higher
operating costs or our sales of these products may be affected.  

 New
regulations promulgated from time to time may affect our businesses, results of
operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. 
Legislators and regulators may periodically consider various proposals that may
affect the profitability of certain of our businesses. New regulations may even
affect our ability to conduct certain businesses at all, including proposals
relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial
institutions are permitted to engage and the size of financial institutions.
These proposals could also impose additional taxes on a limited subset of
financial institutions and insurance companies (either based on size,
activities, geography, government support or other criteria). It is uncertain
whether and how these and other such proposals would apply to us or our
competitors or how they could impact our consolidated results of operations,
financial condition and ability to compete effectively. 

 An
“ownership change” could limit our ability to utilize tax loss and credit
carryforwards to offset future taxable income.  As of December 31,
2015, we had a U.S. federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately
$34.9 billion and $6.9 billion in foreign tax credits (tax loss and credit
carryforwards). Our ability to use such tax attributes to offset future taxable
income may be significantly limited if we experience an “ownership change” as
defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
Code). In general, an ownership change will occur when the percentage of AIG
Parent's ownership (by value) of one or more “5-percent shareholders” (as
defined in the Code) has increased by more than 50 percent over the lowest
percentage owned by such shareholders at any time during the prior three years
(calculated on a rolling basis). An entity that experiences an ownership change
generally will be subject to an annual limitation on its pre-ownership change
tax loss and credit carryforwards equal to the equity value of the corporation
immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by the long-term,
tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the IRS (subject to certain adjustments). The
annual limitation would be increased each year to the extent that there is an
unused limitation in a prior year. The limitation on our ability to utilize tax
loss and credit carryforwards arising from an ownership change under Section
382 would depend on the value of our equity at the time of any ownership
change.  If we were to experience an “ownership change”, it is possible that a
significant portion of our tax loss and credit carryforwards could expire
before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable income. 

 On March 9, 2011, our Board adopted our Tax Asset
Protection Plan (the Plan) to help protect these tax loss and credit
carryforwards, and on January 8, 2014, the Board adopted an amendment to the
Plan, extending its expiration date to January 8, 2017. The amendment of the
Plan was ratified by our shareholders at our 2014 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders.  At our 2011 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, shareholders adopted
a protective amendment to our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Protective
Amendment), which is designed to prevent certain transfers of AIG Common Stock
that could result in an “ownership change.” At our 2014 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, our shareholders approved an amendment to our Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to adopt a successor to the Protective Amendment
that contains substantially the same terms as the Protective Amendment and that
expires on May 12, 2017, the third anniversary of the date of our 2014 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders.   

 The Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood of an
“ownership change” by (i) discouraging any person or group from becoming a 4.99
percent shareholder and (ii) discouraging any existing 4.99 percent shareholder
from acquiring additional shares of AIG Common Stock. The Protective Amendment
generally restricts any transfer of AIG Common Stock that would (i) increase
the ownership by any person to 4.99 percent or more of AIG stock then
outstanding or (ii) increase the percentage of AIG stock owned by a Five
Percent Stockholder (as defined in the Plan). Despite the intentions of the
Plan and the Protective Amendment to deter and prevent an “ownership change”,
such an event may still occur. In addition, the Plan and the Protective
Amendment may make it more difficult and more expensive to acquire us, and may
discourage open market purchases of AIG Common Stock or a non-negotiated tender
or exchange offer for AIG Common Stock. Accordingly, the Plan and the
Protective Amendment may limit a shareholder’s ability to realize a premium
over the market price of AIG Common Stock in connection with any stock
transaction. 


 


 
  
   
   42 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Changes in tax laws could increase our corporate taxes,
reduce our deferred tax assets or make some of our products less attractive to
consumers.    Changes in tax laws or their
interpretation could negatively impact our business or results.   Some proposed
changes could have the effect of increasing our effective tax rate by reducing
deductions or increasing income inclusions, such as by limiting rules allowing
deferral of tax on certain foreign insurance income.  Conversely, other
changes, such as lowering the U.S. federal corporate tax rate discussed
recently in the context of tax reform, could reduce the value of our deferred
tax assets.  In addition, changes in the way foreign taxes can be credited
against U.S. taxes, methods for allocating interest expense, the ways insurance
companies calculate and deduct reserves for tax purposes, and impositions of
new or changed premium, value added and other indirect taxes could increase our
tax expense, thereby reducing earnings.  

 In addition to proposing to change the taxation of
corporations in general and insurance companies in particular, the Executive
Branch of the U.S. Government and Congress have considered proposals that could
increase taxes on owners of insurance products.  For example, there have been
proposals that would have limited the deferral of tax on income from life and
annuity contracts relative to other investment products.  These changes could
reduce demand in the U.S. for life insurance and annuity contracts, or cause
consumers to shift from these contracts to other investments, which would
reduce our income due to lower sales of these products or potential increased
surrenders of in-force business.  

 The need for governments to seek
additional revenue makes it likely that there will be continued proposals to
change tax rules in ways that would reduce our earnings.  However, it remains
difficult to predict whether or when there will be any tax law changes having a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

 COMPETITION and employees 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We face intense competition in
each of our businesses.  Our businesses operate in highly
competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. Our principal
competitors are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as
banks, investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. The insurance
industry in particular is highly competitive. Within the U.S., our Non-Life
Insurance Companies compete with other stock companies, specialty insurance
organizations, mutual insurance companies and other underwriting organizations.
Our Life Insurance Companies compete in the U.S. with life insurance companies
and other participants in related financial services fields. Overseas, our
subsidiaries compete for business with the foreign insurance operations of
large U.S. insurers and with global insurance groups and local companies. 

 The past reduction of our credit ratings and past negative
publicity have made, and may continue to make, it more difficult to compete to
retain existing customers and to maintain our historical levels of business
with existing customers and counterparties. General insurance and life
insurance companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria,
product pricing, and terms and conditions. Retirement services companies
compete through crediting rates and the issuance of guaranteed benefits. A
decline in our position as to any one or more of these factors could adversely
affect our profitability. 

 Competition
for employees in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to attract and
retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. 
Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key
people. Due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with
demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. In
addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and
difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic
actions and organizational and operational changes. Losing any of our key
people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their
skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the
potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. Our
results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees. 

 Managing
key employee succession and retention is critical to our success. 
We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession
of our senior management and other key employees. While we have succession
plans and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our
succession plans may not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot
guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be available to
us. 


 


 
  
   
   43 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 1A /  risk factors 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Employee error and misconduct may be
difficult to detect and prevent and may result in significant losses.  There have been a number of cases involving
fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in
recent years and we run the risk that employee misconduct could occur.
Instances of fraud, illegal acts, errors, failure to document transactions
properly or to obtain proper internal authorization, misuse of customer or
proprietary information, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements or
our internal policies may result in losses and/or reputational damage. It is not
always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the controls that
we have in place to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in
all cases. 

 ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Estimates used in the
preparation of financial statements and modeled results used in various areas
of our business may differ materially from actual experience.  Our
financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), which requires the application of accounting
policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. The accounting
policies that we consider most dependent on the application of estimates and
assumptions, and therefore may be viewed as critical accounting estimates, are
described in Item 7. MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates. These accounting
estimates require the use of assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at
the time of estimation. These estimates are based on judgment, current facts
and circumstances, and, when applicable, internally developed models.
Therefore, actual results could differ from these estimates, possibly in the
near term, and could have a material effect on our consolidated financial
statements. 

 In
addition, we employ models to price products, calculate reserves and value
assets, as well as evaluate risk and determine capital requirements, among
other uses. These models rely on estimates and projections that are inherently
uncertain, may use incomplete, outdated or incorrect data or assumptions and
may not operate properly. As our businesses continue to expand and evolve, the
number and complexity of models we employ has grown, increasing our exposure to
error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated
input data, controls and assumptions and the controls we have in place to
mitigate their risk may not be effective in all cases. 

 Changes in accounting principles
and financial reporting requirements could impact our reported results of
operations and our reported financial position.   Our financial statements are  subject to the
application of U.S. GAAP, which is periodically revised.   Accordingly, from
time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards
issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB). The impact of accounting pronouncements that have been
issued but are not yet required to be implemented is disclosed in Note 2 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.    

 The FASB and International Accounting Standards Board (IASB)
have ongoing projects to revise accounting standards for insurance contracts.  The
FASB has focused on disclosures for short-duration insurance contracts, which
primarily relate to our property casualty products, and on targeted
improvements to accounting measurements and disclosures for long-duration
insurance contracts, which primarily relate to our life and annuity products. 
The IASB continues to contemplate significant changes to accounting measurements
for both short and long-duration insurance contracts. While the final
resolution of changes to U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting
Standards pursuant to these projects remains unclear, changes to the manner in
which we account for insurance products could have a significant impact on our
future financial reports, operations, capital management and business. 
Further, the adoption of a new insurance contracts standard as well as other
future accounting standards could have a material effect on our reported
results of operations and reported financial condition. 

 Changes in our assumptions
regarding the discount rate, expected rate of return, and expected compensation
for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased
expenses and reduce our profitability.  We
determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on
assumed discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, expected 
increases in compensation levels and trends in health care costs. Changes in
these assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained low interest rate
environment, may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability. See
Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on our
pension and postretirement benefit plans. 








 
 


 
  
   
   44 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 ITEM 1B /  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 There are no material unresolved written comments that were
received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal
year relating to periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. 

 ITEM 2 /  PROPERTIES  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We operate from approximately 350 offices in the United States and
approximately 500 offices in over 75 foreign countries. The following offices
are located in buildings in the United States owned by us: 

 
  
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   •    
   Wilmington, Delaware 
   •    
   Stevens Point, Wisconsin 
   •    
   Greensboro and Winston-Salem, North Carolina 
   
  
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   •    
   Amarillo and Houston, Texas 
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other: 
   •    
   175 Water Street in New York, New York 
   •    
   Livingston, New Jersey 
   •    
   Stowe, Vermont 
   •    
   Ft. Worth, Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 In addition, Non-Life Insurance Companies own offices in
approximately 20 foreign countries and jurisdictions including Argentina,
Bermuda, Colombia, Ecuador, Japan, Mexico, the U.K., Taiwan, and Venezuela. 
The remainder of the office space we utilize is leased.  We believe that our
leases and properties are sufficient for our current purposes. 

 LOCATIONS
OF CERTAIN ASSETS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 As of
December 31, 2015, approximately 10 percent of our consolidated assets
were located outside the U.S. and Canada, including $659 million of cash
and securities on deposit with regulatory authorities in those locations. See
Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional geographic
information. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for total carrying
amounts of cash and securities deposited by our insurance subsidiaries under
requirements of regulatory authorities.   

 Operations outside the U.S. and Canada and assets held abroad
may be adversely affected by political developments in foreign countries, including
tax changes, nationalization and changes in regulatory policy, as well as by
consequence of hostilities and unrest. The risks of such occurrences and their
overall effect upon us vary from country to country and cannot be predicted. If
expropriation or nationalization does occur, our policy is to take all
appropriate measures to seek recovery of any affected assets. Certain of the
countries in which our business is conducted have currency restrictions that
generally cause a delay in a company’s ability to repatriate assets and
profits. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations for
additional information. 

 
 


 
  
   
   45 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 ITEM 3 /  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For a
discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 15 — Contingencies, Commitments and
Guarantees to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated
herein by reference. 

   

 ITEM 4 /  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Not applicable. 








 
 


 
  
   
   46 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 5 /  market for registrant’s common
equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Part II 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 ITEM 5
/  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG’s common stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common
Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG), as well as on the
Tokyo Stock Exchange. There were approximately 29,245 stockholders of record of
AIG Common Stock as of February 11, 2016. 

 The following table presents high and low closing sale
prices of AIG Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape for
each quarter of 2015 and 2014, and the dividends declared per share during
those periods: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   High  
   
  
     
   
  
   Low  
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   High
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Low
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Dividends 
   
  
 
   
   First quarter 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56.42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52.22 
   
  
      
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46.88 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   Second quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.32 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.81 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.72 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49.40 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   Third quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.54 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.66 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.280 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   51.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 
   
   Fourth quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.280 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.51 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49.40 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.125 
   
  
 


 Dividends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On February 11, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 28, 2016 to
shareholders of record on March 14, 2016.  

 Any payment of dividends must be approved by AIG’s Board of
Directors. In determining whether to pay any dividend, our Board of Directors
may consider AIG’s financial position, the performance of our businesses, our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and liquidity,
available capital, the existence of investment opportunities, and other
factors. AIG may become subject to restrictions on the payment of dividends and
purchases of AIG Common Stock as a nonbank SIFI and a G-SII. See Item 1.
Business — Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation for
further discussion. 

 For a discussion of certain restrictions on the payment of
dividends to AIG by some of its insurance subsidiaries, see Item 1A. Risk
Factors — Liquidity, Capital and Credit — AIG Parent’s ability to access funds
from our subsidiaries is limited, and Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our table of
equity compensation plans will be included in the definitive proxy statement
for AIG’s 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The definitive proxy statement
will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of AIG’s fiscal
year pursuant to Regulation 14A.  


 


 
  
   
   47 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 5 /  market for registrant’s common
equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table provides the information with
respect to purchases made by or on behalf of AIG or any “affiliated purchaser”
(as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
Exchange Act)) of AIG Common Stock during the three months ended December 31,
2015: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total
  Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average 
   
  
   Total
  Number of Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   Approximate
  Dollar Value of Shares 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of
  Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   Price
  Paid 
   
  
   Purchased
  as Part of Publicly  
   
  
     
   
  
   that
  May Yet Be Purchased Under the 
   
  
 
   
   Period 
   
  
   Repurchased 
   
  
     
   
  
   per
  Share 
   
  
   Announced
  Plans or Programs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans
  or Programs (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   October 1 - 31 
   
  
   10,363,200 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58.06 
   
  
   10,363,200 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,926 
   
  
 
   
   November 1 - 30 
   
  
   10,964,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   61.45 
   
  
   10,964,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,252 
   
  
 
   
   December 1 - 31 
   
  
   31,566,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   61.53 
   
  
   31,566,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,310 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   52,894,037 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60.83 
   
  
   52,894,037 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,310 
   
  
 


 Our Board of
Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock through a
series of actions. On December 16, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized an
additional increase to its previous repurchase authorization of AIG Common
Stock of $3.0 billion.  

 During the
three-month period ended December 31, 2015, we repurchased approximately 53
million shares of AIG Common Stock under this authorization for an aggregate
purchase price of approximately $3.2 billion.  Pursuant to an Exchange Act Rule
10b5-1 plan, from January 1 to February 11, 2016, we have repurchased
approximately 44 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an approximate purchase
price of $2.5 billion.  

 On February 11,
2016, our Board of Directors authorized an additional increase to the
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock of $5.0 billion, resulting in a
remaining authorization on such date of approximately $5.8 billion. Shares may
be repurchased from time to time in the open market, private purchases, through
forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase
transactions or otherwise (including through the purchase of warrants). 
Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from time to time be
effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of any
future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors. 

 See Note 16 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our share
purchases. 


 


 
  
   
   48 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 5 /  market for registrant’s common
equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 common Stock PERFORMANCE GRAPH 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following Performance Graph compares the cumulative total shareholder
return on AIG Common Stock for a five-year period (December 31, 2010 to
December 31, 2015) with the cumulative total return of the S&P’s 500
stock index (which includes AIG) and a peer group of companies consisting of 15
insurance companies to which we compare our business and operations: 

 
  
   
   •      ACE Limited* 
   
  
   •      Lincoln
  National Corporation 
   
  
 
   
   •      AEGON, N.V. 
   
  
   •      MetLife, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •      Aflac
  Incorporated 
   
  
   •      Principal
  Financial Group, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •      Allianz Group 
   
  
   •      Prudential
  Financial, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •      AXA Group 
   
  
   •      The Travelers
  Companies, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   •      The Chubb
  Corporation* 
   
  
   •      XL Capital
  Ltd. 
   
  
 
   
   •      CNA Financial
  Corporation 
   
  
   •      Zurich
  Insurance Group 
   
  
 
   
   •      The Hartford
  Financial Services Group, Inc. 
   
    
  
 


 * In January 2016, ACE Limited acquired The Chubb Corporation.
The combined organization now operates as Chubb Limited. 


 


 
  
   
   49 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 5 /  market for registrant’s common
equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Five-Year
Cumulative Total Shareholder Returns 

 Value
of $100 Invested on December 31, 2010 

   

 

 
  
   
   
   
  
 

 


   

 Dividend reinvestment has been assumed and returns have been weighted
to reflect relative stock market capitalization. 

   

 
  
   
      
   
  
   As of December 31,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49.05 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74.64 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   120.02 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134.63 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102.11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   118.45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   156.82 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   178.29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   180.75 
   
  
 
   
   Peer Group 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.00 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   86.72 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111.36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   165.52 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   167.48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   175.50 
   
  
 










 


 
  
   
   50 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 6 /  Selected financial data 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 ITEM 6
 / SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The Selected Consolidated Financial Data should be read
in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and
accompanying notes included elsewhere herein.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,026 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policy
  fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,343 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,755 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   803 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft
  leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,504 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,508 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,861 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71,214 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,150 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits,
  losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,503 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,036 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33,523 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest
  credited to policyholder account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,892 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,432 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,157 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,709 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,486 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      General
  operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,564 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,783 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,319 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,444 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net loss
  on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,908 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft
  leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,549 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,401 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  (gain) loss on sale of properties and divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,736 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   59,506 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,323 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66,051 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,891 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (901) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,764) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from
  continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,699 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,863 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,467 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,330 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income (loss) from continuing operations attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to
  noncontrolling interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net
  income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,622 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income
  per common share attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  common shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income
  from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.65 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income
  (loss) from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.36 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11.01 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income
  from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.08 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.65 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income
  (loss) from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.36 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net
  income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.04 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11.01 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends
  declared per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year-end
  balance sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   356,428 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   375,824 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   410,438 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   496,943 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   541,329 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   548,633 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   553,054 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,350 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,693 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48,500 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75,253 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   406,733 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   408,309 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   440,218 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   449,630 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   442,138 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  AIG shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,538 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total
  equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98,669 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102,393 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   51 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 6 /  Selected financial data 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
      Book
  value per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66.38 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53.53 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book
  value per common share, excluding Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  comprehensive income (loss) (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57.87 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50.11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Book
  value per common share, excluding Accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  comprehensive income (loss) and Deferred tax assets (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39.57 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      ROE 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      ROE -
  after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      ROE -
  after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI and DTA (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other
  data (from continuing operations): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Other-than-temporary impairments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,142 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Adjustment to federal deferred tax valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,907) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,307) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Catastrophe-related losses (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   728 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,307 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) Book value per
common share excluding Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ,  Book value per
common share excluding  AOCI and Deferred Tax
Assets (DTA), return on equity – after-tax operating income excluding AOCI and
return on equity – after-tax operating income excluding AOCI and DTA  are non-GAAP measures and the reconciliations are below. 
See Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures for additional
information.  

 (b) 
Catastrophe-related losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net
impact on our property casualty businesses in excess of $10 million each. 

 Items Affecting Comparability Between
Periods 

 The following are significant developments that affected
multiple periods and financial statement captions. Other items that affected
comparability are included in the footnotes to the table presented immediately
above. 

 Adjustments to Federal Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We concluded
that $18.4 billion of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance for the
U.S. consolidated income tax group should be released through the Consolidated
Statements of Income in 2011.  The valuation allowance resulted primarily from
losses subject to U.S. income taxes recorded from 2008 through 2010. See
Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.  

 Capitalization and Book Value Per Common Share 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On January
14, 2011, we completed a series of integrated transactions to recapitalize AIG
(the Recapitalization) with the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve
Bank of New York (FRBNY) and AIG Credit Facility Trust, including the repayment
of all amounts owed under the Credit Facility with the FRBNY (the FRBNY Credit
Facility). As a result of the closing of the Recapitalization on January 14,
2011, the remaining preferred interests (the SPV Preferred Interests) in the
special purpose vehicles that held remaining AIA Group Limited (AIA) shares and
the proceeds of the AIA initial public offering and the American Life Insurance
Company (ALICO) sale (the AIA SPV and ALICO SPV, respectively) held by the
FRBNY of approximately $26.4 billion were purchased by AIG and transferred
to the Department of the Treasury. The SPV Preferred Interests were no longer
considered permanent equity on AIG’s Consolidated Balance Sheets, and were
classified as redeemable noncontrolling interests.  


 


 
  
   
   52 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 6 /  Selected financial data 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Asset
Dispositions in 2011, 2014 and 2015  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We completed
the sale of ILFC on May 14, 2014, and in 2015 we sold all of our ordinary
shares of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) received as part of the consideration
for the sale of ILFC, as further discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. We also executed multiple asset dispositions in 2011. 

 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP measures
included in Selected Financial Data 

 The following table presents a
reconciliation of Book value per common share to Book value per common share,
excluding AOCI, and Book value per common share, excluding AOCI and DTA, which
are non-GAAP measures.  See Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP
Measures for additional information. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   At December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  shareholders' equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101,538 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,481 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  shareholders' equity, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   87,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   96,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   85,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   95,057 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Deferred
  tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,007 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  shareholders' equity, excluding AOCI and DTA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   70,370 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,313 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66,879 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75,050 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  common shares outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476,321,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,896,821,482 
   
  
 
   
   Book value
  per common share 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68.62 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   66.38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53.53 
   
  
 
   
   Book value
  per common share, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   64.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   57.87 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.11 
   
  
 
   
   Book value
  per common share, excluding AOCI and DTA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45.30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39.57 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents a reconciliation of Return on equity to Return on
equity, after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI, and Return on equity,
after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI and DTA, which are non-GAAP
measures.  See Item 7. MD&A — Use of Non‑GAAP Measures for additional
information. 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars
  in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,438 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,622 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   After-tax
  operating income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,630 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,650 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,542 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,021 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG
  Shareholders' equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,558 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105,589 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98,850 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101,873 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   85,639 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average
  AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,598 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,781 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,865 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,718 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,234 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG
  Shareholders' equity, excluding average AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   93,960 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89,985 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   92,155 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77,405 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average DTA 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,803 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,611 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,250 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average AIG
  Shareholders' equity, excluding average AOCI and DTA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,905 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,905 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ROE 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   ROE -
  after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ROE -
  after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI and DTA 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 









 


 
  
   
   53 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


       TABLE OF CONTENTS         

   

   


 
 

 


 ITEM 7 /  MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 

 This Annual Report on
Form 10-K and other publicly available documents may include, and officers
and representatives of American International Group, Inc. (AIG) may from time
to time make, projections, goals, assumptions and statements that may constitute
“forward‑looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These projections, goals, assumptions and
statements are not historical facts but instead represent only our belief
regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently
uncertain and outside our control. These projections, goals, assumptions and
statements include statements preceded by, followed by or including words such
as "will," “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,”
“focused on achieving,” “view,” “target,” "goal" or “estimate.” These
projections, goals, assumptions and statements may address, among other things,
our: 

 
  
   
   •      exposures to
  subprime mortgages, monoline insurers, the residential and commercial real
  estate markets, state and municipal bond issuers, sovereign bond issuers, the
  energy sector and currency exchange rates; 
   •      exposure to
  European governments and European financial institutions; 
   •      strategy for
  risk management; 
   •      sales of
  businesses; 
   •      restructuring
  of business operations; 
   •      generation of
  deployable capital; 
   •      strategies to
  increase return on equity and earnings per share; 
   
  
   •    
   strategies to grow net investment income, efficiently manage capital,
  grow book value per common share, and reduce expenses; 
   •    
   anticipated restructuring charges and annual cost savings; 
   •    
   anticipated business or asset divestitures or monetizations; 
   •    
   anticipated organizational and business changes; 
   •    
   strategies for customer retention, growth, product development, market
  position, financial results and reserves; and 
   •    
   subsidiaries' revenues and combined ratios. 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   54 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


       TABLE OF CONTENTS         

   

   


 
 It is possible that our actual results and financial
condition will differ, possibly materially, from the results and financial
condition indicated in these projections, goals, assumptions and statements.
Factors that could cause our actual results to differ, possibly materially,
from those in the specific projections, goals, assumptions and statements
include: 

 
  
   
   •      changes in
  market conditions; 
   •      negative
  impacts on customers, business partners and other stakeholders; 
   •      the occurrence
  of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made; 
   •      significant
  legal proceedings; 
   •      the timing and
  applicable requirements of any new regulatory framework to which we are
  subject as a nonbank systemically important financial institution (SIFI) and
  as a global systemically important insurer (G‑SII); 
   •      concentrations
  in our investment portfolios; 
   •    
   actions by credit rating agencies;  
   •    
   judgments concerning casualty insurance underwriting and insurance
  liabilities; 
   •    
   our ability to successfully manage run-off insurance portfolios; 
   
  
   •    
   our ability to successfully reduce costs and expenses and make
  business and organizational changes without negatively impacting client
  relationships or our competitive position; 
   •    
   our ability to successfully dispose of, or monetize, businesses or
  assets; 
   •    
   judgments concerning the recognition of deferred tax assets;  
   •    
   judgments concerning estimated restructuring charges and estimated
  cost savings; and 
   •      such other
  factors discussed in: 
   •      Part I,
  Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K; and 
   •      this Part II,
  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
  Results of Operations (MD&A) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  
 


 We are not under any obligation (and
expressly disclaim any obligation) to update or alter any projections, goals, assumptions
or other statements, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to
time, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 









 


 
  
   
   55 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 The MD&A is organized as follows:         

 
  
   
   INDEX TO ITEM 7 
   
  
     
   
    
  
 
     
  
     
   
  
   
   Page 
   

   
  
 
   
   USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
       Executive Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
 
   
       Strategic Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
   RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
       Segment Results 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
 
   
          Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
          Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
 
   
          Corporate and Other 
    
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   INVESTMENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
       Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
       Investment Highlights 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
       Investment
  Strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
       Investments by Legal
  Entity 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
       Credit
  Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
 
   
       Impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
 
   
   INSURANCE RESERVES 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance
  Companies DAC and Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
 
   
   LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
 
   
       Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
 
   
       Analysis
  of Sources and Uses of Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
       Liquidity and Capital
  Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
 
   
       Credit Facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
       Contingent Liquidity
  Facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
       Contractual Obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
 
   
       Off-Balance
  Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
 
   
       Debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
       Credit Ratings 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
       Regulation and Supervision 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
       Dividends and Repurchases
  of AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
 
   
       Dividend Restrictions 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
 
   
   ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 
   
  
     
   
  
   172 
   
  
 
   
       Overview 
   
  
     
   
  
   172 
   
  
 
   
       Credit Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
 
   
       Market Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
 
   
       Liquidity Risk Management 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
 
   
   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
 
   
   GLOSSARY 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
 
   
   ACRONYMS 
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
 

 Throughout the MD&A, we use certain terms and
abbreviations, which are summarized in the Glossary and Acronyms. 

 We have incorporated into this discussion a number of
cross-references to additional information included throughout this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to assist readers seeking additional information
related to a particular subject. 








 
 


 
  
   
   56 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  use of non-gaap measures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 USE OF NON-GAAP MEASURES 

 In Item  6. Selected Financial Data  and throughout this MD&A,
we present our financial condition and results of operations in the way we
believe will be most meaningful and representative of our business results.
Some of the measurements we use are “non‑GAAP financial measures” under
SEC rules and regulations. GAAP is the acronym for “accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States.” The non‑GAAP financial measures
we present may not be comparable to similarly‑named measures reported by
other companies. 

 Book Value Per Common Share Excluding Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (AOCI) and Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and
Deferred Tax Assets (DTA)  are used to show the amount of our net worth on a
per-share basis. We believe these measures are useful to investors because they
eliminate the effect of non-cash items that can fluctuate significantly from
period to period, including changes in fair value of our available for sale
securities portfolio, foreign currency translation adjustments and U.S. tax
attribute deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets represent U.S. tax
attributes related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits.
Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year
attribute utilization. Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI is derived by
dividing Total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI, by Total common shares
outstanding. Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by
dividing Total AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA, by Total
common shares outstanding. The reconciliation to book value per common share,
the most comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6. Selected Financial
Data. 

 Return on Equity – After-tax Operating Income Excluding
AOCI and Return on Equity – After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA 
are used to show the rate of return on shareholders’ equity. We believe these
measures are useful to investors because they eliminate the effect of non-cash
items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, including changes
in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency
translation adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax assets. Deferred
tax assets represent U.S. tax attributes related to net operating loss
carryforwards and foreign tax credits. Amounts for interim periods are
estimates based on projections of full-year attribute utilization. Return on
Equity – After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing
actual or annualized after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average
AIG shareholders’ equity, excluding average AOCI. Return on Equity – After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing actual or
annualized after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG
shareholders’ equity, excluding average AOCI and DTA. The reconciliation to
return on equity, the most comparable GAAP measure, is presented in Item 6.
Selected Financial Data. 

 We use the following operating performance measures because
we believe they enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of
continuing operations and trends of our business segments. We believe they also
allow for more meaningful comparisons with our insurance competitors. When we
use these measures, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure are
provided in the Results of Operations section of this MD&A on a
consolidated basis. 


 


 
  
   
   57 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  use of non-gaap measures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 After-tax operating income attributable
to AIG  is derived by excluding the following items from net income
attributable to AIG: 

 
  
   
   •      deferred
  income tax valuation allowance releases and charges; 
   •      changes in fair
  value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits; 
   •      changes in
  benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC), value of
  business acquired (VOBA), and sales inducement assets (SIA) related to net
  realized capital gains and losses; 
   •      other income
  and expense — net, related to Corporate and Other run-off insurance
  lines; 
   •      loss on
  extinguishment of debt; 
   •      net realized
  capital gains and losses; 
   •      non‑qualifying
  derivative hedging activities, excluding net realized capital gains and
  losses; 
   
  
   ·      
   income or loss from discontinued operations; 
   ·      
   income and loss from divested businesses, including:  
   ·      
   gain on the sale of International Lease Finance Corporation
  (ILFC); and 
   ·      
   certain post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by
  AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap) in connection with its acquisition of ILFC and
  the difference between expensing AerCap’s maintenance rights assets over the
  remaining lease term as compared to the remaining economic life of the
  related aircraft and related tax effects; 
   ·      
   legacy tax adjustments primarily related to certain changes in
  uncertain tax positions and other tax adjustments;  
   •      non-operating
  litigation reserves and settlements; 
   •      reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance business; and 
   •      restructuring
  and other costs related to initiatives designed to reduce operating expenses,
  improve efficiency and simplify our organization.  
   
  
 


 We use the
following operating performance measures within our Commercial Insurance and
Consumer Insurance reportable segments as well as Corporate and Other. 

 •      Commercial
Insurance: Property Casualty and Mortgage Guaranty; Consumer Insurance:
Personal Insurance 

 •    
 Pre‑tax operating income:  includes both underwriting income
and loss and net investment income, but excludes net realized capital gains and
losses, other income and expense — net, and non-operating litigation
reserves and settlements. Underwriting income and loss is derived by reducing
net premiums earned by losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition
expenses and general operating expenses. 

 •    
 Ratios:  We, along with most property and casualty insurance
companies, use the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined ratio as
measures of underwriting performance. These ratios are relative measurements
that describe, for every $100 of net premiums earned, the amount of losses and
loss adjustment expenses, and the amount of other underwriting expenses that
would be incurred. A combined ratio of less than 100 indicates underwriting
income and a combined ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. The
underwriting environment varies across countries and products, as does the
degree of litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. In addition,
investment returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and
competition can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as
reflected in underwriting income and associated ratios. 

 •      Accident year
loss and combined ratios, as adjusted:  both the accident year loss and combined
ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses and related reinstatement
premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of
reserve discounting. Catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events
having a net impact in excess of $10 million each. 


 


 
  
   
   58 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  use of non-gaap measures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 ·      
 Commercial Insurance: Institutional Markets; Consumer
Insurance: Retirement and Life 

 •      Pre‑tax
operating income  is derived by excluding the following items from pre‑tax
income:  

 
  
   
   ·      
   changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed
  living benefits; 
   
  
   ·      
   changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to
  net realized capital gains and losses; and 
   
  
 
   
   ·      
   net realized capital gains and losses; 
   
  
   ·      
   non-operating litigation reserves and settlements. 
   
  
 


 •    
 Premiums and deposits:  includes direct and assumed amounts
received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit
policies and life‑contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits
received on universal life, investment‑type annuity contracts and mutual
funds. 

 ·      
 Corporate and Other — Pre‑tax operating income and
loss  is derived by excluding the following items from pre‑tax
income and loss: 

 
  
   
   ·      
   loss on extinguishment of debt; 
   ·      
   net realized capital gains and losses; 
   ·      
   changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to
  net realized capital gains and losses; 
   ·      
   income and loss from divested businesses, including Aircraft
  Leasing; 
   
  
   ·      
   net gain or loss on sale of divested businesses, including: 
   •      gain on the
  sale of ILFC; and  
   •      certain
  post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by AerCap in connection with
  its acquisition of ILFC and the difference between expensing AerCap’s
  maintenance rights assets over the remaining lease term as compared to the
  remaining economic life of the related aircraft and our share of AerCap’s
  income taxes;  
   ·      
   non-operating litigation reserves and settlements;  
   ·      
   reserve development related to non-operating run-off insurance
  business; and 
   ·      
   restructuring and other costs related to initiatives designed
  to reduce operating expenses, improve efficiency and simplify our
  organization. 
   
  
 


 Results from
discontinued operations are excluded from all of these measures. 









 


 
  
   
   59 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Executive Overview 
   
  
 


 This overview of the MD&A highlights selected information
and may not contain all of the information that is important to current or
potential investors in AIG’s securities. You should read this Annual Report on
Form 10‑K in its entirety for a complete description of events,
trends, uncertainties, risks and critical accounting estimates affecting us.  

 As a result of the progress of the wind down and de-risking
activities of the Direct Investment book (DIB) and the derivative portfolio of
AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively, AIGFP)
included within Global Capital Markets (GCM), AIG has discontinued separate
reporting of the DIB and GCM.  Their results are reported within Income
from other assets, net, beginning in 2015. This reporting aligns with the
manner in which AIG manages its financial resources. Prior periods are
presented in the historical format for informational purposes.  AIG
borrowings supported by assets continue to be managed as such with assets
allocated to support the timely repayment of those liabilities. Assets
previously held in the DIB and GCM that are otherwise not required to meet the
obligations and capital requirements of the DIB and GCM have been made
available to AIG Parent. 

 As part of our broad and on-going efforts to transform AIG for long-term
competitiveness, in the third quarter of 2015 we finalized a series of
initiatives focused on organizational simplification, operational efficiency,
and business rationalization, which are expected to result in pre-tax
restructuring and other costs of approximately $0.7 billion, as well as
generate pre-tax annualized savings of approximately $0.7 billion to $0.8
billion when fully implemented.  Results
for 2015 include approximately $0.5 billion of pre-tax restructuring and other
costs,  composed of $0.3 billion of employee severance and one-time
termination benefits, approximately $0.1 billion associated with the
modernization of information technology platforms, and the balance relating to
costs associated with consolidation of legal entities and exiting lower return
lines of business. We expect  the
remaining $0.2 billion to be recognized through 2017, as well as  approximately
$0.3 billion of the aggregate pre-tax costs to result in cash expenditures. 

 On January 26, 2016, we announced several actions designed to
create a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer. These actions include a
plan to reorganize our operating model into “modular”, more self-contained
business units to enhance transparency and accountability. Additionally, we are
introducing a new Legacy Portfolio that aims to maximize value and release
capital of certain run-off non-strategic assets and highlight progress on
improving the ROE of our Operating Portfolio. When the new operating structure
is finalized, the presentation of our segment results may be modified and prior
periods’ presentation may be revised to conform to the new structure. 

 
 


 
  
   
   60 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Executive Summary 

 Financial
Performance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Commercial Insurance  pre‑tax
operating income decreased in 2015, compared to 2014 primarily due to a higher
underwriting loss in Property Casualty due to an increase in net adverse prior
year loss reserve development. In addition net investment income in Property
Casualty and Institutional Markets decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 .     

 Consumer Insurance   pre-tax operating income decreased in 2015,
compared to 2014, reflecting lower net investment income, less favorable
adjustments related to the update of  actuarial assumptions, less favorable
mortality experience in Life, and an underwriting loss in Personal Insurance in
2015. These decreases were partially offset by higher policy and advisory fees
in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by growth in separate account assets under
management in Retirement.   

 Our investment portfolio
performance  declined in 2015, compared to 2014 due to lower income
on alternative investments, primarily related to hedge fund performance, lower
income on investments for which the fair value option was elected, and lower
reinvestment yields. 

 Net realized capital gains   increased slightly in 2015, compared to 2014, due
to higher net realized capital gains from sales of equity securities and fair
value gains on embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guarantee
features, net of hedges, compared to fair value losses in the prior year,
mostly offset by an increase in other-than-temporary impairment charges and
impairments on investments in life settlements. 


 


 
  
   
   61 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Our Performance – Selected Indicators 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data and ratios) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Results
  of operations data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from
  continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  per common share attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   After-tax
  operating income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,650 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   After-tax
  operating income per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   attributable
  to AIG (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.49 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Key
  metrics: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property
  Casualty combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   115.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property
  Casualty accident year combined ratio, as 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property
  Casualty net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,020 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,880 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage
  Guaranty domestic first-lien new insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50,842 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,038 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49,356 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Institutional
  Markets premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,782 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,797 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   991 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,564 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Personal
  Insurance combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Personal
  Insurance accident year combined ratio, as 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100.2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Personal
  Insurance net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,580 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retirement
  premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,241 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,023 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,729 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life
  premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,974 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,862 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life
  Insurance Companies assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   338,032 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   332,847 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   317,977 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions, except per share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance
  sheet data: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,350 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value
  per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75.10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   77.69 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value
  per common share, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72.97 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69.98 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Book value
  per common share, excluding AOCI and DTA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58.23 
   
  
     
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Years Ended
  December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Return on
  equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Return on
  equity - after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Return on
  equity - after-tax operating income, excluding AOCI and DTA 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   62 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Total revenues  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Income from continuing operations  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 
   
   Net income ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG  
   (in millions) 
     
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net INCOME PER COMMON SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG
  (DILUTED) 
     
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 


   

 
  
   
   After-tax operating income attributable to aig  (excludes net
  realized capital gains and certain other items) 
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-tax operating income (loss) by segment 
   (in millions)  
     
     
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 


   

 *    Includes a gain of $1.4 billion associated with the completion
of the sale of ILFC. 


 


 
  
   
   63 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   TOTAL ASSETS  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Long-term debt  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity  
   (in millions) 
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Book value per common share and book value per common
  share excluding aoci 
     
   
   
  
 
     
  
     
   
    
  
 


 *    Includes operating borrowings of other subsidiaries and
consolidated investments and hybrid debt securities. 


 


 
  
   
   64 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Investment Highlights 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net investment income decreased to $14.1 billion in 2015
compared to $16.1 billion in 2014 due to lower income on alternative
investments, primarily related to hedge fund performance, lower income on
assets for which the fair value option was elected, and lower reinvestment
yields.   While corporate debt securities
represented the core of new investment allocations, we continued to make
investments in structured securities, mortgage loans and other fixed income
investments with favorable risk versus return characteristics to improve yields
and increase net investment income. 

 Net unrealized gains in our available for sale portfolio
decreased to approximately $8.8 billion as of December 31, 2015, from
approximately $19.0 billion as of December 31, 2014, primarily due to a rise in
rates, widening of credit spreads and sale of equity securities. 

 The overall
credit rating of our fixed maturity securities portfolio remains largely
unchanged from December 31, 2014. 

 Liquidity and
Capital Resources Highlights 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We reduced our debt  by $1.9 billion in 2015, primarily as a result of
maturities, repayments and repurchases of $10.0 billion, offset in part by new
debt issuances of $6.9 billion. We reduced the average cost of our financial
debt from 5.34 percent per annum in 2014 to 4.92 percent per annum in 2015 and
extended the maturity profile of our debt in 2015. 

 We maintained financial
flexibility at AIG Parent in  2015     through $3.2 billion in dividends in the form of cash and
fixed maturity securities from our Non-Life Insurance Companies and $4.6
billion in dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity
securities from our Life Insurance Companies. The dividends that AIG Parent
received in 2015 included $2.8 billion of dividends that were declared during
the fourth quarter of 2014. 

 Our Board of Directors increased our previous share
repurchase authorization of AIG Common Stock, par value $2.50 per share (AIG
Common Stock), by an additional $5.0 billion on February 11, 2016,  resulting
in a remaining authorization on such date of approximately $5.8 billion.   During
2015, we repurchased approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common Stock for
an aggregate purchase price of approximately $10.7 billion. The total number of
shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2015 includes (but the aggregate
purchase price does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares of AIG Common
Stock received in January 2015 upon the settlement of an ASR agreement executed
in the fourth quarter of 2014. Pursuant to a Securities and Exchange Act of
1934 (Exchange Act) Rule 10b5-1 plan, from January 1 to February 11, 2016, we
have repurchased approximately $2.5 billion of additional shares of AIG Common
Stock.  

 We paid a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock  of
$0.125 per share on each of March 26, 2015 and June 25, 2015, and $0.28
per share on each of September 28, 2015 and December 21, 2015. 

 Our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG
Common Stock on February 11, 2016  of $0.32 per share, payable on March 28,
2016 to shareholders of record on March 14, 2016. 

 We received net cash proceeds  of approximately $4.2
billion in the aggregate from the sale of approximately 97.6 million ordinary
shares of AerCap in June and September 2015. 

 We received gross cash proceeds  of approximately $1.3
billion from our sale of 617 million ordinary H shares of PICC P&C by
means of a placement to certain institutional investors. 

 Additional discussion and other
liquidity and capital resources developments are included in Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Liquidity and Capital Resources herein.  

 
 


 
  
   
   65 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Strategic Outlook  

 Industry Trends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our business is affected by industry and economic factors
such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market
conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition,
and general economic, market and political conditions. We continued to operate
under difficult market conditions in 2015, characterized by factors such as
historically low interest rates, instability in the global equity markets,
volatile energy markets and slowing growth in emerging markets, China and
Euro-Zone economies.  

 Interest rates remain low relative to historical levels,
which has affected our industry by reducing investment returns and unfavorably
affecting loss reserve discounting, primarily related to our workers’
compensation reserves. In addition, current market conditions may not
necessarily permit insurance companies to increase pricing across all our
product lines. 

 Currency volatility in 2015 was particularly acute compared
to recent years, as the three major foreign currencies (Japanese yen, euro, and
British pound) that we transact in weakened considerably against the U.S.
dollar.  Such volatility affected line item components of income for those
businesses with substantial international operations. In particular, growth
trends in net premiums written reported in U.S. dollars can differ
significantly from those measured in original currencies. The net effect on
underwriting results, however, is significantly mitigated, as both revenues and
expenses are similarly affected.  

 These currencies may continue to fluctuate, in either
direction, and such fluctuations will affect net premiums written growth trends
reported in U.S. dollars, as well as financial statement line item
comparability. 

 See Results of Operations – Foreign Currency Impact; Results
of Operations – Segment Results – Pre-Tax Income Comparison for 2015 and 2014;
Results of Operations – Commercial Insurance – Property Casualty Net Premiums
Written by Region; and Results of Operations – Consumer Insurance – Personal
Insurance Net Premiums Written by Region. 

 
  
   
   AIG Priorities for 2016 
   
  
 
   
   AIG is focused on the following
  priorities for 2016: 
   ·      
   Improving our Return on Equity (ROE) 
   ·      
   Creating a leaner, more profitable and focused insurer by
  reorganizing our operating model into “modular”, more self-contained business
  units to enhance transparency and accountability, including through the
  introduction of a new Legacy Portfolio that aims to maximize value and
  release capital from run-off of non-strategic assets  
   ·      
   Reducing general operating expenses 
   ·      
   Improving the Commercial Insurance Property Casualty accident
  year loss ratio  
   ·      
   Returning excess capital to shareholders 
   ·      
   Growing book value per common share 
   
  
 


    

 Outlook for Our Operating
Businesses  

 The outlook for each of our businesses and management
initiatives to improve growth and performance in 2016 and over the longer term
is summarized below.  


 


 
  
   
   66 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Commercial insurance Outlook
AND Strategic initiatives  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   

    

 Market Conditions and
Industry Trends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Commercial Insurance expects the current low interest rate
environment relative to historical levels, currency volatility, and ongoing
uncertainty in global economic conditions will continue to limit growth and
profitability in some markets and challenge growth of net investment income.
Due to these conditions and overcapacity in the property casualty insurance
industry, Commercial Insurance has continued to diversify its business focusing
on growing profitable segments and geographies, exiting unprofitable lines and
developing advanced data and analytics to improve profitability. 

 Property Casualty 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Property Casualty has observed improving trends in certain
key indicators that may partially offset the effect of current economic
challenges. In 2015, the property casualty insurance industry experienced
modest growth and an increase in overall exposures in certain markets, although
this growth may be leveling off. Property Casualty also expects that expansion
in certain growth economies will continue at a faster pace than in developed
countries, but at levels lower than those previously expected due to revised
economic assumptions. As a result of its ongoing strategy to optimize its
portfolio and maintain underwriting discipline, Property Casualty expects that
net premiums written for the U.S. Casualty line will continue to decline
through 2016. 

 Overall, Property Casualty experienced a modest increase
in rate pressure in 2015 compared to 2014. Property Casualty expects that trend
to continue in the near term, particularly in certain lines including in the
U.S. Property Excess and Surplus market. Property Casualty continues to
differentiate its underwriting capacity from its peers by leveraging its global
footprint, diverse product offering, risk engineering expertise and significant
underwriting experience. 

 In the U.S., Property Casualty’s exposure to terrorism risk
is mitigated by TRIPRA in addition to limited private reinsurance protections.
For additional information on TRIPRA, see Item 1A. Risk Factors —
Reserves and Exposures and Item 7. MD&A — Enterprise Risk
Management — Insurance Operations Risks — Non-Life Insurance
Companies Key Insurance Risks — Terrorism Risk. 

 Mortgage Guaranty 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 During 2015, the U.S. market
experienced an increase in mortgage loan originations driven by a decrease in   r esidential    mo r tgage    interest  
 rates  in the latter part of 2014 that persisted throughout most of 2015, and experienced increased purchase volume that
was favorably impacted by a drop in unemployment, improving housing prices, and
lower down payment requirements .   In addition, the current economic environment has
favorably impacted incurred losses through fewer delinquencies and higher cure
rates.  If the current economic environment persists, Mortgage Guaranty
expects to benefit through increased purchase volume and, for   poli c ies   originated in the higher interest r ate environment prior to 2012, increased  refinancing    a ctivity .  Mortgage Guaranty also expects current interest
rates to have a favorable impact on the persistency of business written during
2012 and the first half of 2013, since refinancing would be unattractive to
homeowners who originated mortgages at the lower residential mortgage interest
rates prevalent in that time period.    

 Mortgage Guaranty   also    e x p ects    that    the
delinquency rate and cure rate will remain close to 2015 levels  duri n g    2016.    Mortgage
Guaranty   believes    the    combination    of    the
factors  described above  w ill    r e sult    in    favorab l e    operating  
 results    for    2016.  

 On December 31, 2015, the Private Mortgage Insurer
Eligibility Requirements (PMIERs) issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
(collectively, the GSEs) became effective. Mortgage Guaranty met the PMIERs
requirements as of December 31, 2015. Subject to interpretation and the
prospective amendment of the new requirements by the GSEs, Mortgage Guaranty’s
minimum required assets under PMIERs was $3.0 billion as of December 31, 2015,
and its estimated available assets were $3.6 billion, exceeding the required
assets by $600 million. 


 


 
  
   
   67 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Institutional
Markets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Institutional Markets is expected to continue growing its
assets under management from the structured settlement business and the stable
value wrap business, as well as from disciplined growth through the pursuit of
select opportunities related to pension buyouts. Volatility in the earnings of
our alternative investment portfolio will continue to affect Institutional
Markets’ results. 

 Strategic
Initiatives  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   Customer  — Strive to be our
  clients’ most valued insurer by offering innovative products, superior
  service and access to an extensive global network. 
   Sharpen Commercial Focus  — Achieve ROE in excess of
  target across our businesses primarily through improvements in our loss
  ratio.  Improve our business portfolio through risk selection by using
  enhanced data, analytics and the application of science to deliver superior
  risk-adjusted returns. Exit or remediate targeted sub-segments of
  underperforming portfolios that do not meet our risk acceptance or
  profitability objectives. 
   Drive Efficiency  — Reorganize our operating model
  into “modular”, more self-contained business units to enhance decision
  making, transparency and accountability, driving performance improvement and
  strategic flexibility over time; increase capital fungibility and
  diversification, streamline our legal entity structure, optimize reinsurance,
  improve tax efficiency and reduce expenses. 
   Invest to Grow  — Grow
  our higher-value businesses while investing in transformative opportunities,
  continuing initiatives to modernize our technology and infrastructure,
  advancing our engineering capabilities, innovating new products and client
  risk services and delivering a better client experience. 
   
  
 


 Customer
 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our vision is to be our clients’
most valued insurer. We expect that investments in underwriting, claims services,
client risk services, science and data will continue to differentiate us from
our peers and drive a superior client experience. For example,  during the fourth quarter, AIG increased global
commercial property limits to $2.5 billion per occurrence from $1.5 billion, in
response to increased demand for capacity and services from clients managing
complex global risks and increasing property values. This increase was the
result of recent investments in engineering and analytical capabilities, which
in turn allowed us to secure meaningful support from a panel of long-standing
reinsurers. 

 Sharpen
Commercial Focus  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Exit or remediate targeted
underperforming portfolios 

 Commercial Insurance is focused on the products where we have
the most potential to deliver value.  Experience and emerging data indicate
that there are consistently under-performing sub-segments of our business.  We
will grow where we see opportunity and we will exit or remediate
underperforming portfolios.  We will continue to further enhance our risk
selection process and refine technical pricing through enhanced tools and
analytics to achieve this goal. 


 


 
  
   
   68 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Drive Efficiency 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Narrow geographic footprint while
continuing to maintain and improve multinational capabilities 

 Commercial Insurance, along with our other businesses,
continues to evaluate the markets and geographies that provide the greatest
opportunities, while maintaining the global footprint that our multinational
clients greatly value.  Additionally, we will continue to leverage our various
off-shore centers, taking advantage of opportunities to centralize and
standardize processes and platforms. We believe there is great opportunity to
further streamline our operating model. 

 Expand and optimize the use of reinsurance
and other risk mitigating strategies  

 Commercial Insurance continues to execute capital management
initiatives by enhancing broad‑based risk tolerance guidelines for its
operating units, implementing underwriting strategies to increase ROE by line of
business and reducing exposure to businesses with inadequate pricing and
increased loss trends. Commercial Insurance remains focused on enhancing its
global reinsurance strategy to improve overall capital efficiency, although
this strategy may lead to periodic income statement volatility. 

 Accelerate micro-segmentation of risks
using internal and external data 

 Property Casualty continues to improve decision-making, risk
acceptance and pricing based on its ongoing efforts to refine segmentation by
customer, industry and geography. For example, after enhancing the segmentation
of workers’ compensation, Property Casualty has observed different experience
and trends, which helps inform its risk appetite, pricing and loss mitigation
decisions. 

 Invest
to Grow 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Grow most profitable lines 

 As part of our strategic goal of diversifying product
offerings and providing customers with greater access to unique insurance
programs, on March 31, 2015, we paid approximately $239 million to acquire a
controlling stake in NSM Insurance Group (NSM), a leading U.S. managing general
agent and insurance program administrator. NSM is known for its unique
development and implementation of programs for a broad range of niche customer
segments. We expect the acquisition of NSM to facilitate closer strategic
coordination and provide us with access to new, attractive markets including
programs, specialty small commercial insurance solutions, and complementary
distribution networks.  

 Mortgage Guaranty expects to continue as a leading provider
of mortgage insurance and seeks to differentiate itself from its competitors by
utilizing its proprietary risk-based pricing strategy. This pricing strategy
provides Mortgage Guaranty’s customers with mortgage insurance products that
are priced commensurate with the underwriting risk, which we believe will
result in an appropriately priced, high-quality book of business.  As announced
on January 26, 2016, we plan to conduct an initial public offering of up to
19.9 percent of Mortgage Guaranty, subject to regulatory and GSE approval, as a
first step towards a full separation.  

 Institutional Markets is expected to
continue growing the structured settlement business and continue contributing
to growth in assets under management with stable value wraps and utilizing a
disciplined approach to growth and diversification of our business by pursuing
select opportunities in areas such as the pension buyout business. 


 


 
  
   
   69 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 consumer insurance Outlook AND
STRATEGIC INITIATIVES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   

 Market Conditions and
Industry Trends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Retirement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Increasing life expectancy and reduced expectations for
traditional retirement income from defined benefit programs and fixed income
securities are leading Americans to seek additional financial security as they
approach retirement. The strong demand for individual variable and fixed index
annuities with guaranteed income features has attracted increased competition
in this product space.  In addition, higher tax rates and a desire for better
investment returns have prompted less risk-averse investors to seek products
without guaranteed living benefits, providing the opportunity to further
diversify our product portfolio by offering investment-focused variable
annuities. 

 The sustained low interest rate environment has a significant
impact on the annuity industry. Low long-term interest rates put pressure on
investment returns, which may negatively affect sales of interest rate
sensitive products and reduce future profits on certain existing fixed rate
products. In addition, more highly leveraged competitors have entered the
market offering higher crediting rates. As long as the low interest rate
environment continues, conditions will be challenging for the fixed annuity
market. Rapidly rising interest rates could create the potential for increased
surrenders. Customers are, however, currently buying fixed annuities with
longer surrender periods in pursuit of higher returns, which may help mitigate
the rate of increase in surrenders in a rapidly rising rate environment. Low
interest rates have also driven strong sales growth of our fixed index annuity
products, which provide additional interest crediting tied to favorable
performance in certain equity market indices. 

 Consumer Insurance provides products and services to certain
employee benefit plans that are subject to restrictions imposed by ERISA and
the Internal Revenue Code, including rules that generally restrict the
provision of investment advice to ERISA plans and participants and IRA holders
if the investment recommendation results in fees paid to the individual
advisor, his or her firm or their affiliates that vary according to the
investment recommendation chosen.  In April 2015, the DOL issued a proposed
regulation that would, if enacted, expand the definition of "investment
advice," which would substantially expand the range of activities
considered to be fiduciary investment advice under ERISA and the Internal
Revenue Code. For additional information on the DOL proposed regulation, see
Item 1 – Business – Regulation – Other Regulatory Developments - ERISA
Considerations.  The DOL proposed regulation has generated substantial
attention in our industry.  If the final DOL regulation and related guidance
were to be finalized as originally proposed, it may be necessary for us, and
our competitors, to materially modify product design, marketing, and
compensation arrangements with distribution partners and financial advisors for
certain products and services.  It  c ould also
impose additional requirements and/or limitations on certain services that our
advisors and employees could provide to ERISA plan sponsors, ERISA plan
participants, and IRA holders.  These changes could materially affect our
ability to sell or service certain types of annuities and other investment
products. Once we have fully evaluated the impact of the final rule, we intend
to strategically invest in the most attractive post-DOL opportunities across
the market. 

   Life  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Populations are living longer and
have increased needs for financial protection for beneficiaries, estate
planning and wealth creation.  The Life operating segment addresses these
needs with a broad spectrum of products, ranging from the pure protection focus
of term life to indexed universal life and investment-oriented products such as
variable universal life.  Market factors, primarily low interest rates
and regulatory changes, have caused the universal life market to shift its
focus from guaranteed universal life to indexed universal life products that
offer cash accumulation and living benefit options. 


 


 
  
   
   70 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Personal
Insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The need for full life cycle products and coverage,
increases in personal wealth accumulation, and awareness of insurance
protection and risk management continue to support the growth of the Personal
Insurance industry. Our Personal Insurance operations focus on group and
corporate clients, together with individual customers within national markets. 
We expect the demand for multinational cross-boundary coverage and services to
increase due to the internationalization of clients and customers. AIG’s global
presence  provides   Personal Insurance a
distinct competitive advantage.   

 In Japan, the competition for auto insurance has
intensified, in part driven by a decline in new car sales and the existence of fewer
major insurers. Growth in property insurance generally reflects increases in
new housing starts and heightened demand before the duration restriction on
long-term fire insurance became effective in October 2015. In the U.S., we
compete in the high net worth market and will continue to take advantage of market
consolidation and expand our innovative products and services to distribution
partners and clients.  Outside of Japan and the U.S., our Personal Insurance
operating segment continues to invest selectively in markets where we believe
higher potential for sustainable profitability exists. 

 Strategic Initiatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   Customer  — Strive to be our
  clients’ most valued insurer. Through our unique franchise, which brings
  together a broad portfolio of retirement, life insurance and personal
  insurance products offered through multiple distribution networks, Consumer
  Insurance aims to provide customers with the products and services they
  desire, delivered through the channels they prefer. 
   Information-driven
  Strategy  —    Utilize customer insight, analytics and the application
  of science to optimize customer acquisition, product profitability, product
  mix, channel performance and risk management capabilities. 
   Sharpen
  Consumer Focus  — Invest in areas where Consumer Insurance can grow
  profitably and sustainably. Target growth in select markets according to
  market size, growth potential, market maturity and customer demographics and
  narrow our footprint in less profitable markets with insufficient scale. 
   Operational
  Effectiveness  — Simplify processes and enhance operating environments to
  increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities and
  facilitate delivery of our target customer experience. 
   Investment
  Strategy  — Maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed
  maturity securities that largely matches the duration characteristics of the
  related insurance liabilities, and pursue selective yield-enhancement
  opportunities that meet liquidity, risk and return objectives. 
   Profitability and Capital
  Management  — Deliver solid earnings through disciplined pricing,
  sustainable underwriting improvements, expense reductions and diversification
  of risk, and increase capital efficiency within insurance entities to enhance
  return on equity. 
   
  
 


 Customer 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In striving to be our clients’ most valued insurer, we have
implemented initiatives to better serve our target segments. Our focus on ease
of doing business for consumers and producers includes enhancements to our
platforms and services.  We are working to expand relationships with key
distribution partners to offer our products across multiple distribution
channels. 

 


 
  
   
   71 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Information-driven
Strategy 

 


 We believe that strengthening our
information-driven decision making and marketing capabilities through the use
of enhanced analytics, stronger platforms and tools, a well-designed product
portfolio and expanded relationships may allow us to bring more effective
product solutions to our chosen markets.   

 We focus on rate adequacy through our global underwriting
practices and tools and analytics, and seek to optimize the value of our
business lines through product and portfolio management and refined technical
pricing. We strive to deliver leading customer experience and efficiency
through claims best practices, deployment of enhanced operating structures and
standardized processes and systems, while managing claims-handling efficiency. 

 Sharpen Consumer Focus 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Retirement Income Solutions  intends to continue
capitalizing on the opportunity to meet consumer demand for guaranteed income
by maintaining competitive variable annuity product offerings, while managing
risk from guarantee features through risk-mitigating product design and
well-developed economic hedging capabilities. Retirement Income Solutions
continues to invest in hedging and market risk management capabilities.
Retirement Income Solutions is also focused on diversifying its product
portfolio by growing sales of fixed index annuities with guarantee features,
which provide additional income solutions for consumers approaching retirement,
and introducing new investment-focused variable annuities, which offer various
investment options, including alternative asset classes, to investors seeking
higher returns. 

 Fixed Annuities  sales will continue to be challenged
by the low interest rate environment. Sales of fixed annuities could improve if
interest rates rise and the yield curve steepens, as these market conditions
make fixed annuity products more attractive compared to alternatives such as
bank deposits. The growing market for immediate and deferred income products,
driven by customers seeking guaranteed income products, provides an opportunity
for Fixed Annuities to increase the diversification of its product portfolio. 

 Life  will continue to invest to position itself for growth,
serve its customers more effectively, and maintain pricing discipline in its
overall strategy.  Life’s organization has been aligned to serve its
customers in the Americas, Asia Pacific and EMEA regions with a focus on the
demographic, governmental and socioeconomic trends unique to each region.
 As part of this initiative, our Group Benefits business recently merged
with our U.S. Life, Health and Disability business to focus on strong existing
relationships with multi-line and specialty producers .
In 2016, we  announced a plan to improve capital efficiency by using
reinsurance to reduce certain statutory reserves that are above economic
requirements in our domestic Life business. 

 Personal Insurance  aims to provide clients with the
products and services they desire, delivered through the channels they prefer. 
We continue to focus and invest in the most profitable markets and segments,
while narrowing our footprint where appropriate. We are also leveraging our
multinational capabilities to meet the increasing demand for cross-border
coverage and services. Personal Insurance will continue to utilize its strong
risk management and market expertise to foster growth by providing innovative
and competitive solutions to its customers and distributors. 

 Operational Effectiveness 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We are continuing to invest in initiatives that we believe
will make our operating platforms simpler and more agile, enabling us to
provide superior service and accommodate future growth. In Japan, we continue
to invest in technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing
business for our distribution partners and customers. In the U.S. Life
business, we are focused on leveraging our most efficient systems and
increasing automation of our underwriting process. We believe that simplifying
our operating models will enhance productivity and support further profitable
growth. 

 Investment Strategy 


 


 
  
   
   72 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our investment objective is to
maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities having
weighted average durations that are matched to the duration and cash flow
profile of our liabilities, to the extent practicable. Our investment strategy
is to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity
requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements,
asset-liability matching and available investment opportunities. While a
portfolio of alternative investments remains a fundamental component of the
investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies, we intend to reduce the
overall size of the hedge fund portfolio, in light of changing market
conditions and perceived market opportunities, and to continue reducing the
size of the private equity portfolio. See Investments for additional discussion
of investment strategies. If these reductions were to include the sale of
alternative investments that support certain payout annuities, we could incur
additional loss recognition expense on such products, due to updating
assumptions to reflect reinvestment at lower future yields. See Critical
Accounting Estimates – Insurance Liabilities - Future Policy Benefits for Life
and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts (Life Insurance Companies) for
discussion of assumptions related to loss recognition testing. 

 Profitability and Capital
Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We are focused on enhancing profitability and capital
efficiency within our insurance entities through disciplined pricing, in-force
profitability management, effective management of risk and expense reductions.
For product lines where we have significant equity market risk and exposure to
changes in interest rates, we use risk management tools, such as the risk
mitigation product features and hedging program in our Retirement Income
Solutions and Group Retirement annuity businesses. Additionally, our scale and
the breadth of our product offerings provide diversification of risk. Within
our Non-Life Insurance Companies, we continue to increase capital efficiency.  

 In conjunction with our strategic active divestiture
program, we announced on January 26, 2016 that we have agreed to sell AIG
Advisor Group, our network of independent broker-dealers, to investment funds
affiliated with Lightyear Capital LLC and PSP Investments. The transaction is
expected to close in the second quarter of 2016, subject to regulatory
approvals.  

 See Results of Operations — Consumer Insurance and Insurance
Reserves for additional information about our Consumer Insurance businesses. 









 


 
  
   
   73 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Results of Operations 
   
  
 


 The following section provides a comparative discussion of
our Results of Operations on a reported basis for the three-year period ended
December 31, 2015. Factors that relate primarily to a specific business segment
are discussed in more detail within that business segment discussion. For a
discussion of the Critical Accounting Estimates that affect the Results of
Operations, see the Critical Accounting Estimates section of this MD&A. 

 The
following table presents our consolidated results of operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,655 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       37,254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       37,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
       16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
       15,810 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
       739 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
       6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
       6,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
       64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
       68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
       28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
       29,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
       3,892 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
       5,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
       13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
       13,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
       651 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
       1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
       4,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of divested
  businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
       (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
       48 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
       53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
       59,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations before  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
       10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
       9,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
       2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
       360 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
       7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
       9,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   net of income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
       (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
       84 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
       7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
       9,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Less: Net income (loss) attributable to
  noncontrolling 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
       (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
       7 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
       9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 For the year
ended December 31, 2015 ,  the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 32.3 percent. The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $195 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $127
million related to reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive
income to income from continuing operations related to the disposal of
available for sale securities, $58 million associated with the effect of
foreign operations, and $109 million related to the partial completion of the
Internal Revenue Service examination covering tax year 2006, partially offset
by $324 million of tax charges and related interest associated with increases
in uncertain tax positions related to cross border financing transactions, and
$110 million related to increases in the deferred tax asset valuation
allowances associated with certain foreign jurisdictions. See Note 22 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2015, our repatriation assumptions 
 related to certain European operations changed, and related foreign
earnings are now considered to be indefinitely reinvested. These earnings
relate to ongoing operations and have been reinvested in active non-U.S.
business operations. Further, we do not intend to   repatriate
these earnings to fund U.S. operations.  As a result, U.S. deferred taxes have
not been provided on $1.8 billion of accumulated earnings, including
accumulated other comprehensive income, of these non-U.S. affiliates.  Potential U.S. income tax liabilities related to such
earnings would be offset, in whole or in part, by allowable foreign tax credits
resulting from foreign taxes paid to foreign jurisdictions in which such
operations are located.  As a result, we currently believe that any
incremental U.S. income tax  
 


 
  
   
   74 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 liabilities relating to
indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings would not be significant.  Deferred taxes have been provided on earnings of non-U.S.
affiliates whose earnings are not indefinitely reinvested. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 27.9 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $236 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $209
million related to a decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’ capital
loss carryforward valuation allowance, $182 million of income excludible from
gross income related to the  global
resolution of certain residential mortgage-related disputes  and $68 million associated with the effect of foreign
operations.  See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 3.8 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $2.8 billion related to a decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance
Companies’ capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, $396 million related
to a decrease in certain other valuation allowances associated with foreign
jurisdictions and $298 million associated with tax exempt interest income. 
These items were partially offset by charges of $632 million related to
uncertain tax positions.  

 The
following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to AIG to
after-tax operating income attributable to AIG: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
 
   
   Uncertain tax positions and other tax
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income tax valuation allowance
  (releases) charges 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,237) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair value of securities used
  to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA
  and SIA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   related to net realized capital gains
  (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
 
   
   Other (income) expense - net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (476) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (470) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,285) 
   
  
 
   
   (Income) loss from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (84) 
   
  
 
   
   (Income) loss from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,462) 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating litigation reserves and
  settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (350) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (460) 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve development related to
  non-operating run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   insurance business 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax operating income attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,630 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,650 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average diluted shares
  outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334,464,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447,553,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481,206,797 
   
  
 
   
   Income per common share attributable to
  AIG (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
 
   
   After-tax operating income per common
  share attributable  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   to AIG (diluted) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4.58 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4.49 
   
  
 


 After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG for 2015 decreased compared to 2014
primarily due to a decrease in income from insurance operations, reflecting  adverse prior year loss reserve development in Commercial
Property Casualty,  decreased net investment
income, and lower income on assets held by AIG Parent .  

 After-tax
operating income attributable to AIG for 2014 was essentially flat compared to
2013, primarily due to higher income tax expense, partially offset by an
increase in income from insurance operations.  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2015, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was
28.0 percent. The significant factors that contributed to the difference
from the statutory rate included tax benefits resulting from tax-exempt
interest income,  
 


 
  
   
   75 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 the effect of foreign operations and
other permanent tax items, certain tax benefits associated with the  partial completion of the Internal Revenue Service
examination covering tax year 2006  and the
impact of other discrete tax benefits. 

 For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating income was
30.9 percent.  The significant
factors that contributed to the difference from the statutory rate included tax
benefits resulting from tax exempt interest income and other permanent tax
items, and the impact of discrete tax benefits .  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2013, the effective tax rate on pre-tax operating
income was 28.8 percent. The significant factors that contributed to the
difference from the statutory rate included tax benefits resulting from tax
exempt interest income and other permanent tax items, and the impact of
discrete tax benefits. 

 

 Segment Results 

 


 We report the results of our operations through two
reportable segments: Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance. The Corporate
and Other category consists of businesses and items not allocated to our
reportable segments. 

 The
following table summarizes the operations of each reportable segment and
Corporate and Other. See also Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,652 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,564 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (883) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (379) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (265) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidations, eliminations and other
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,055 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,390 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in fair value of securities used
  to hedge guaranteed living 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in benefit reserves and DAC,
  VOBA, and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   SIA related to net realized capital gains
  (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,608) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income (expense) – net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,282) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (651) 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-operating litigation reserves and
  settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve development related to
  non-operating run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   insurance business 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
 


 *    Certain 2013
severance expenses for Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance are included
in Corporate & Other.  As these expenses, which totaled $263 million, were
related to an overall AIG initiative to centralize work streams into lower cost
locations, and create a more streamlined organization, they have not been
allocated to the operating segments.   

   


 


 
  
   
   76 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   pre-tax
  operating INCOME    
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
   commercial
  insurance 
     
   
   
  
   consumer
  insurance 
     
   
   
  
 


    

 

 Pre-tax Income Comparison for 2015 and 2014 

 


 Pre-tax income decreased in 2015
compared to 2014 primarily due to: 

 •    
 a decrease in Commercial Insurance pre-tax operating income, reflecting
an underwriting loss in 2015 compared to underwriting income in 2014 driven by
adverse prior year loss reserve development from Property Casualty of $3.5
billion in 2015 compared to $655 million in 2014 and lower net investment
income; 

 •      a
decrease in Consumer Insurance pre-tax operating income , reflecting lower net investment income, less favorable adjustments
related to the update of actuarial assumptions, less favorable mortality experience
in Life, and an underwriting loss in Personal Insurance in 2015, partially
offset by higher policy and advisory fees; 

 •    
 restructuring and other costs; and  

 •    
 lower income from divested businesses as a result of the sale of ILFC in
the second quarter of 2014.  

 These decreases were partially
offset by: 

 •    
 a lower loss on extinguishment of debt from ongoing liability management
activities; 

 •    
 a $264 million increase from the change in the fair value of GMWB and
GMAB embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guaranteed living
benefits, net of all related economic hedges  (See
Insurance Reserves – Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves – Variable
Annuity Guaranteed Features and Hedging Program for additional discussion); and 

 •    
 higher net realized capital gains from sales of investments, which
included realized gains on the sales of Class B shares of Prudential Financial,
Inc., a portion of our holdings in PICC P&C shares and common shares of
Springleaf Holdings Inc. (Springleaf), mostly offset by a realized loss on the
sale of ordinary shares of AerCap and an increase in other-than-temporary
impairment charges.  

 


 
  
   
   77 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Pre-tax Income Comparison for 2014
and 2013 

 


 Pre-tax income increased in 2014
compared to 2013 primarily due to:  

 •    
 an increase in pre-tax operating income for Commercial Insurance;  

 •    
 a $2.3 billion increase in income from divested businesses associated
with the gain recognized upon completion of the sale of ILFC in 2014; and  

 •    
  lower c hanges in benefit reserves and
DAC, VOBA, and SIA related to net realized capital gains, which were  primarily affected by loss recognition expense    in the
Life Insurance Companies  of  $30 million in 2014 compared to $1.5 billion in 2013. The
loss recognition in 2013 was primarily  attributable
to investment sales in the  Institutional
Markets and Retirement operating segments 
related to capital loss carryforward utilization, with reinvestment of the
sales proceeds at lower yields. Loss recognition expense  in Corporate and Other was $140 million in 2014 and $98
million in 2013. 

 These increases were partially
offset by decreases from:  

 •    
 higher loss on extinguishment of debt from on-going debt management
activities;  

 •    
 a decrease in net realized capital gains driven by lower gains from
sales of investments related to capital loss carryforward utilization in 2013; 

 •    
  a decrease in legal settlements with financial
institutions that participated in the creation, offering and sale of RMBS from
which we realized losses during the financial crisis, which is reflected in
Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements;  and 

 •    
  a $149 million change in the fair value
of GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guaranteed
living benefits, net of the change in fair value of all related economic
hedges. 

 Net Investment Income 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net investment income is attributed to the operating segments
of Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance based on internal models
consistent with the nature of the underlying businesses. 

 For Commercial Insurance — Property Casualty and Consumer
Insurance — Personal Insurance, we estimate investable funds based primarily on
loss reserves, unearned premiums and a capital allocation for each operating
segment. The net investment income allocation is calculated based on the
estimated investable funds and risk-free yields (plus a liquidity premium)
consistent with the approximate duration of the liabilities, and excludes net
investment income associated with the run-off insurance lines reported in
Corporate and Other. The remaining excess is attributed to Commercial Insurance
— Property Casualty and Consumer Insurance — Personal Insurance based on the
relative net investment income previously allocated. 

 For Commercial Insurance — Institutional Markets, Consumer
Insurance — Retirement and Consumer Insurance — Life, net investment income is
attributed based on invested assets from segregated product line portfolios.
Invested assets in excess of liabilities are allocated to product lines based
on internal capital estimates. 


 


 
  
   
   78 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /    Results
of Operations   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Foreign Currency
Impact 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Property Casualty, International
Life and Personal Insurance businesses are transacted in most major foreign
currencies. The following table presents the average of the quarterly weighted
average exchange rates of the currencies that have the most significant impact
on our businesses:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   Rate for 1 USD 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Currency: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   JPY 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120.82 
   
  
   104.43 
   
  
   95.86 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   EUR 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.89 
   
  
   0.75 
   
  
   0.76 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   GBP 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.65 
   
  
   0.61 
   
  
   0.64 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 Unless
otherwise noted, references to the effects of foreign exchange in the
Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance discussion of results of operations
are with respect to movements in the three currencies included in the preceding
table (the Major Currencies). 



 
  



 Commercial
insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Commercial
Insurance Results  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Commercial Insurance
results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,521 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,221 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,096 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,017 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,575 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,342 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,418 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,652 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
general operating expenses, commissions and other acquisition expenses. 

 

 Commercial
Insurance Results by Operating Segment 

 


 Commercial
Insurance presents its financial information in three operating segments –
Property Casualty, Mortgage Guaranty and Institutional Markets. The following
section provides a comparative discussion of Commercial Insurance Results of
Operations for 2015, 2014 and 2013 by operating segment.  

 


 
  
   
   79 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Property Casualty Results 

 


 The
following table presents Property Casualty results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,436 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (407) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (203) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,885 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   907 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
     
   
  
   937 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,810 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,003) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,298 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   593 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,248 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN  
   (in millions )  
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME 
   (in millions )  
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
   
  
 


    

 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Pre‑tax operating
income  decreased in 2015 compared to 2014
primarily due to an increase in net adverse prior year loss reserve development
and lower net investment income.  Net adverse prior year loss reserve
development, including related premium adjustments, was $3.5 billion in 2015
compared to $550 million in 2014. The increase in net adverse prior year loss
reserve development  primarily  reflected the
loss reserve strengthening of $3.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015, in
classes of business with long reporting tails, primarily excess  and
primary  casualty and financial lines. Premium
adjustments consisted of return premiums of $49 million in 2015 compared
to additional premiums of $105 million in 2014. See Insurance Reserves –
Non-Life Insurance Companies  —  Net Loss
Development for further discussion. Current accident year loss ratio, as
adjusted, increased due to higher casualty and severe losses, which were mostly
offset by improvement in attritional losses in Property and Specialty.  Net loss reserve discount benefit was $68 million in 2015
compared to a net loss reserve discount charge of $71  
 


 
  
   
   80 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 million
in 2014. See Insurance Reserves  —  Non-Life
Insurance Companies – Discounting of Reserves for further discussion.
Catastrophe losses were $581 million in 2015 compared to $602 million in
2014. 

 Acquisition
expenses  decreased slightly in 2015
compared to 2014, primarily due to  the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Major Currencies, as discussed
above. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, acquisition expenses increased
primarily due to an increase in commission expenses in certain classes of
business in Property and Specialty and higher premium taxes and other
assessments reflecting a change in business mix. 

 General operating
expenses  decreased in 2015 compared to
2014, primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Major
Currencies, as well as lower employee-related expenses, partially offset by
increased technology-related costs, and the  acquisition
of NSM, whose expenses were consolidated commencing in the second quarter of
2015. 

 Net investment income 
decreased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower income on
alternative investments and a decrease  in net
investment income related to assets accounted for under the fair value option. 

 See
MD&A — Investments for additional information on the Non-Life Insurance
Companies invested assets, investment strategy, and asset-liability management
process. 

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income    increased
in 2014 compared to 2013 due to decreases in underwriting loss, partially
offset by a decrease in net investment income. The decrease in underwriting
loss was primarily due to an increase in production, lower charges due to
changes in discount for workers’ compensation reserves as discussed further under
Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance Companies  –  Discounting of Reserves, lower catastrophe losses and
lower general operating expenses. The loss reserve discount charge decreased to
$71 million in 2014 from $322 million in 2013. Catastrophe losses decreased to
$602 million in 2014 from $710 million in 2013. These decreases were
partially offset by higher net adverse prior year loss reserve development in
all lines of business except for Property, and an increase in current accident
year losses reflecting higher frequency of non-severe losses in the Property
and Specialty businesses. The current accident year losses for 2014 included 30
severe losses totaling $592 million compared to 27 severe losses totaling $569
million in the prior year. Net adverse prior year loss reserve development,
including related premium adjustments, was $550 million and $294 million
in 2014 and 2013, respectively, as discussed further under Insurance Reserves –
Non-Life Insurance Companies – Net Loss Development.    

 Acquisition expenses    decreased
in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to a reduction in expenses related to
personnel engaged in sales support activities, and lower premium taxes and
guaranty fund and other assessments reflecting a change in business mix. 
  

 General operating expenses  decreased
in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational
realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses
and an increase in bad debt expense. In 2013, general operating expenses
benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense .  

 Net investment income    decreased
in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a decrease in interest rates during
2014,  as yields on new purchases were lower than the weighted average
yield of the overall portfolio , lower income on
alternative investments, and lower income associated with investments accounted
for under the fair value option, as the increase related to the PICC P&C
rights offerings was more than offset by a decrease from fixed maturity
investments accounted for under the fair value option. These were partially
offset by the effect of continued portfolio diversification. The decrease in
allocated net investment income is also due to a reduction in net loss reserves .
 


 


 
  
   
   81 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Property Casualty Net Premiums Written 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Property Casualty’s net
premiums written by major line of business: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,957 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,649 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specialty 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,666 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Property Casualty net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   premiums
  written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,436 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Property Casualty NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by
  Line of Business    
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
     
     
   
  
 


 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Property Casualty net premiums written decreased in 2015
compared to 2014, primarily due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the
Major Currencies. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums
written increased in 2015 from 2014, primarily due to new business growth
across all regions in all lines except for U.S. Casualty. Additionally, the
increase in net premiums written in U.S. Financial lines reflected higher
renewal in certain targeted growth products. The following paragraphs discuss the
changes within our lines of business exclusive of the effect of foreign
exchange.  

 Casualty  net premiums written decreased in 2015
compared to 2014, reflecting continued execution of our strategy to enhance the
portfolio mix, particularly in the U.S., and rate pressure.  Additionally, net
premiums written included return premiums related to the loss sensitive
businesses of $49 million for 2015 compared to additional premiums of $105
million in 2014. An increase in new business in targeted growth products in
2015, particularly in EMEA, was more than offset by the declines in the U.S. 


 


 
  
   
   82 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Property  net premiums
written increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to strong growth in
new business across all regions.  

 Specialty  net premiums written increased in 2015
compared to 2014, primarily due to new business increases related to targeted
growth products across all regions, partially offset by a decrease in certain
classes of business, particularly in the U.S. as a result of the effect of our
strategy to enhance risk selection. 

 Financial lines  net premiums written increased in
2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to strong growth in new business and higher
retention related to targeted growth products across all regions. Additionally,
2015 reflected the first quarter renewal of a multi-year E&O policy in the
U.S.  

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Property Casualty net premiums
written increased in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting increases in new
business related to targeted growth products in Property and Financial lines.  The
following paragraphs discuss the changes within our lines of business exclusive
of the effect of foreign exchange. 

 Casualty    net premiums
written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the effect on
renewals from our strategy to enhance risk selection, particularly in the
Americas. Strong growth and new writings in certain lines of business,
particularly in EMEA, were more than offset by the declines in the Americas.  
  

 Property  net premiums
written increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to new business
increases in targeted growth products, and optimization of Property Casualty’s
reinsurance structure as part of its decision to retain more favorable risks
while continuing to manage aggregate exposure .   

 Specialty    net premiums
written decreased slightly in 2014, compared to 2013 primarily reflecting lower
retention and rate decline in the EMEA region. This decline was largely offset
by new business increases related to targeted growth products, including growth
in small‑ and medium‑sized enterprise markets in the Americas
region .    

 Financial lines    net premiums
written increased in 2014, compared to 2013 reflecting growth in new business
related to targeted growth products across all regions, as well as a favorable
rate environment in the U.S .  

 Property
Casualty Net Premiums Written by Region 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Property Casualty’s net
premiums written by region: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Americas 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,572 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,799 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,192 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,795 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,436 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   83 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   property casualty
  NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by Region  
   
   (in millions) 
   

   
   
  
 

    

 The following paragraphs discuss
the changes in net premiums written on a constant dollar basis, which exclude
the effect of foreign exchange. 

 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 The Americas  net premiums written decreased in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to  continued execution of our
strategy to enhance risk selection and optimize our product portfolio in
Casualty,  largely offset by strong growth in
new business  related to targeted growth
products in Property, Specialty and  Financial
lines.   Additionally, for  2015, net premiums written reflected the renewal of a
multi-year E&O policy in the U.S. 

 Asia Pacific  net premiums written increased in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to  new business and higher
retention  in all lines of business. 

 EMEA  net premiums written increased in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to new business growth in targeted growth products across all
lines of business.  

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 The Americas  net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to declines in new business growth and rate pressure,
particularly in the Casualty business. However, for 2014, the decrease in net
premiums written was partially offset by lower ceded premiums from catastrophe
reinsurance transactions described above in 2014 compared to 2013. 

 Asia Pacific  net premiums written increased slightly in 2014 compared to
2013, primarily due to increases in targeted growth products, and changes to
optimize our reinsurance structure as part of our decision to retain more
favorable risks while continuing to manage aggregate exposure, particularly in
Japan.  

 EMEA  net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
due to new business growth across all lines of businesses, except for
Specialty. 


 


 
  
   
   84 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Property Casualty Underwriting Ratios 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables present the Property Casualty
combined ratios based on GAAP data and reconciliation to the accident year
combined ratio, as adjusted: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
 
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   86.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   71.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   71.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   65.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   65.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.4) 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.1) 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   115.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   100.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.4) 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   94.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   95.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.9) 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   property casualty ratios 
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
 


   

 See Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance
Companies for further discussion of discounting of reserves and prior year
development. 


 


 
  
   
   85 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following tables present  Property Casualty’s  accident year
catastrophe and severe losses by region and number of events: 

 Catastrophes (a) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   # of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Pacific 
   
  
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms
  and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical
  cyclone 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   364 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   581 
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms
  and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical
  cyclone 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
   Reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   97 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   602 
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   195 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms
  and hailstorms 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   283 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical
  cyclone 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   710 
   
  
 


 (a) Catastrophes
are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of
$10 million each.  

 Severe Losses (b) 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Pacific 
   
  
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   378 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   294 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   699 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   169 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   592 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   139 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   184 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   569 
   
  
 


 (b)  Severe losses are defined as non-catastrophe individual
first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million, net of related
reinsurance and salvage and subrogation. 

 2015 and
2014 Comparison  

 The loss ratio
and combined ratio increased by 14.6 points and 14.8 points, respectively, in
2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to higher net adverse prior year loss
development. 

 The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.8 points in 2015 compared to
2014 primarily due to a higher accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, and an
increase in the acquisition ratio. 

 The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.6 points in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to higher casualty and severe losses, partially offset by lower
attritional losses in U.S. Property, and Specialty, particularly in the U.S.
and EMEA. Severe losses represented approximately 3.5 points and 2.8 points of
the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, respectively, in 2015 and 2014.  

 The
acquisition ratio increased by 0.4 points in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily
due to higher commission expenses in certain classes of business in Property
and Specialty and higher premium taxes and other assessments reflecting a
change in business mix.   


 


 
  
   
   86 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The general operating expense
ratio decreased by 0.2 points in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower
employee-related expenses partially offset by additional expense resulting from
the NSM acquisition and higher technology-related expenses. 

 2014 and
2013 Comparison 

 The combined
ratio decreased by 1.4 points in 2014 compared to 2013 reflecting decreases in
the expense ratio and the loss ratio.  

 The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 0.9 points in 2014 compared
2013, primarily due to lower expense ratio which was partially offset by a
higher accident year loss ratio, as adjusted. 

 The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.2 points in 2014, compared to
2013, primarily due to higher frequency of non-severe losses, particularly in
Property and Specialty businesses. This was partially offset by an improvement
in Financial lines, particularly in the U.S., reflecting enhanced risk
selection and pricing discipline. Severe losses represented approximately 2.8
points of the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted, in both 2014 and 2013.  

 The
acquisition ratio decreased by 0.4 points in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to a reduction in expenses of personnel engaged in sales support
activities and lower premium taxes and guaranty fund and other assessments. 

 The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.7 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily
due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially
offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt
expense. In 2013, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low
bad debt expense. 

 Mortgage
Guaranty Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Mortgage Guaranty results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (138) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
   912 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   904 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   809 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   223 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting income 
   
  
     
   
  
   505 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   644 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   592 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Key metrics: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior year loss reserve development
  (favorable)/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   unfavorable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Domestic first-lien: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New insurance written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   91.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Risk in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,442 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   60+ day delinquency ratio on primary
  loans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Domestic second-lien: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Risk in force (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   399 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   87 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (a) Based on number of policies. 

 (b)  Represents the full amount of
second-lien loans insured reduced for contractual aggregate loss limits on
certain pools of loans, which is usually 10 percent of the full amount of
loans insured in each pool. Certain second-lien pools have reinstatement provisions,
which will expire as the loan balances are repaid . 

   

 
  
   
   Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME  
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   domestic first-lien new insurance written on mortgage loans 
   (in millions) 
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
     
   
  
 


   

 The following table presents Mortgage Guaranty
first-lien results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   990 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   950 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (256) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
   853 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   812 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
     
   
  
   462 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting income 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   575 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   509 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   188 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating income  increased in 2015 compared to 2014 due to an increase in
first-lien net premiums earned as a result of higher new insurance written
increasing the amount of insurance in-force, an acceleration of earnings on the
cancellations of single premium business for which a return premium is
generally not required, and a decline in incurred losses from lower delinquency
rates and higher cure rates. Offsetting these increases in operating income was
a reduction in favorable prior year loss development of $35 million primarily
related to a settlement with a large lender which resulted in $64 million of
favorable prior year loss development in 2014. 


 


 
  
   
   88 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 First-Lien Results 

 First-lien
pre-tax operating income  increased $66 million in 2015 compared to 2014,
primarily due to improved underwriting income as a result of a $41 million
increase in first-lien net premiums earned in 2015 compared to 2014, largely
from growth in the book of business and the acceleration of premiums earned as
a result of cancellations of single premium business. Additionally, there was a
$72 million decrease in accident year losses offset in part by a $13 million
reduction in prior year loss development, which was driven primarily by $57
million of favorable prior year loss development from a settlement with a large
lender in 2014.  The increases in operating income were offset in part by a $37
million increase in acquisition and general operating expenses. The combined
ratio was 47.5 points in 2015, compared to 52.6 points in 2014, reflecting a
decrease in the loss ratio, partially offset by an increase in the expense
ratio. 

 Acquisition
expenses  increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily as a result of sales
support solicitation activities, which generated new insurance written. 

 General
operating expenses  increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to an
increase in costs related to servicing the growth of the in-force business,
technology-related and customer service initiatives expenses and severance. 

 Other Business Results 

 Other business results include international mortgage
insurance operations and the run-off portfolios of second-lien insurance and
student loan insurance. 

 The Other
business’ pre-tax operating income  for 2015 was $69 million compared to $82
million in 2014. The decrease in pre-tax operating income was due to a decrease
in net premiums earned and net investment income offset by the decrease in
general operating expenses and losses and loss adjustment expenses, which
included $35 million of favorable prior year loss development largely
attributable to recoveries on previously paid claims. 

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income  increased in 2014 compared
to 2013 due to a decline in incurred losses from lower delinquency rates,
higher cure rates and an increase in first-lien net premiums earned reflecting
higher persistency. 

 First Lien Results 

 First-lien pre-tax operating income  increased in 2014
compared to 2013, primarily due to improved underwriting income as a result of
a $229 million decrease in first-lien losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred reflecting fewer new delinquencies, favorable prior year loss reserve
development, and higher cure rates. In addition, first-lien pre-tax operating
income increased due to a $119 million increase in first-lien net premiums
earned in 2014 compared to 2013, largely from growth in the book of business,
higher persistency, and, to a lesser extent, the acceleration of premiums
earned as the result of the recognition of a shorter expected coverage period
on certain single premium business. The decrease in first-lien losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred combined with the increase in earned premiums
resulted in an improved combined ratio of 52.6 points in 2014 compared to 91.1
points in 2013. 

 Acquisition expenses  decreased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily as a result of the decrease in new insurance written related to the
decline in mortgage originations.  

 General operating expenses  increased in 2014 compared
to 2013 due to increased technology expenses and an impairment charge on
certain capitalized technology costs. 

 Other Business Results 

 The Other business’ pre-tax operating income  for 2014
was $82 million compared to $27 million in 2013. The increase in pre-tax
operating income is due to a decline in losses and loss adjustment expenses
incurred of $62 million and a $17 million reduction in underwriting expenses, partially
offset by a decline in net premiums earned of $22 million and a decline in net
investment income of $2 million. 


 


 
  
   
   89 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 New Insurance Written 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Domestic first-lien
new insurance written increased to a record level of $50.8 billion in 2015
compared to $42.0 billion in 2014, driven by an increase in refinancing,
improvements in existing home sales due to lower down payment requirements and
new purchase volume. 

 The decline in domestic first-lien new insurance written to
$42.0 billion in 2014 from $49.4 billion in 2013 was primarily due to the
contraction in the mortgage originations market and an increase in competition. 

 Delinquency Inventory 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The delinquency inventory for domestic first-lien business
declined during 2015 as a result of cures and paid claims exceeding the number
of newly reported delinquencies. Mortgage Guaranty’s first-lien primary
delinquency ratio at December 31, 2015 was 3.4 percent compared to 4.4 percent
at December 31, 2014. Over the last several years, Mortgage Guaranty has
experienced a decline in newly reported defaults and an increase in cure rates. 

 The delinquency inventory for domestic first lien business
declined during 2014 as a result of cures and paid claims exceeding the number
of newly reported delinquencies. Mortgage Guaranty’s first lien primary
delinquency ratio at December 31, 2014 was 4.4 percent compared to 5.9 percent
at December 31, 2013.  

 The following table provides a summary of activity in
Mortgage Guaranty’s domestic first lien delinquency inventory: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (number of policies) 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Number of delinquencies at the beginning
  of the year 
   
  
   38,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,832 
   
  
 
   
   Newly reported 
   
  
   39,619 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,194 
   
  
 
   
   Cures 
   
  
   (36,279) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,680) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51,283) 
   
  
 
   
   Claims paid 
   
  
   (8,451) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,601) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,862) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   (1,961) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (363) 
   
  
 
   
   Number of delinquencies at the end of the
  year 
   
  
   31,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,518 
   
  
 


 Mortgage Guaranty Underwriting Ratios 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables present the Mortgage Guaranty
combined ratios based on GAAP data: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
 
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   63.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38.8) 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.1) 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.3) 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   90.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41.1) 
   
  
 


 2015
and 2014 Comparison  

 The combined
ratio decreased by 5.2 points in 2015 compared to 2014. The decrease in the
ratio in 2015 was driven primarily by a reduction in the loss ratio due to a
decrease in incurred losses driven by lower delinquencies and higher cure
rates, partially offset by a reduction in favorable prior year loss development. 

 The
acquisition ratio increased by 1.1 points in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily
due to the increases in sales-related activities supporting the $8.8 billion
increase in new insurance written. 


 


 
  
   
   90 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The general operating expense ratio increased by 0.9 points
in  2015 
compared to 2014, primarily due to an increase in  technology-related expenses, customer service initiatives
and severance . 

 2014
and 2013 Comparison  

 The combined
ratio decreased by 41.1 points in 2014 compared to 2013. The decrease was
driven primarily by a reduction in the loss ratio due to lower losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred from fewer new delinquencies, favorable prior year
loss reserve development, and higher cure rates. 

 The
acquisition ratio decreased by 2.1 points in 2014 compared to 2013.  Acquisition
expenses decreased compared to an increase in net premiums earned, driven by
the decreases in new insurance written in 2014 due to lower mortgage
originations. 

 The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.2 points in 2014 compared to 2013.  The
decrease was driven primarily by growth in net premiums earned. 

 Institutional Markets Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Institutional Markets results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   610 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,583 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   670 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   91 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   INSTITUTIONAL MARKETS pre-tax
  OPERATING INCOME  ( in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
 


 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income 
in 2015 decreased compared to 2014, primarily due to a decrease in net
investment income. Fee income increased in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by
growth in reserves and assets under management, primarily from continued
development of the stable value wrap business. The notional amount of stable
value wrap assets under management at December 31, 2015 grew by $3.0 billion or
nine percent from December 31, 2014. The increases in premiums and benefit
expense in 2015 compared to 2014 were primarily due to the premiums received
and establishment of future policy benefit reserves for terminal funding
annuities issued in 2015. 

 Net investment income  in
2015 decreased compared to 2014, primarily due to lower returns on alternative
investments in hedge funds and lower yield enhancements from bond call and
tender income. See MD&A – Investments – Life Insurance Companies for
additional information on th e investment strategy,
asset-liability management process and invested assets of our Life Insurance
Companies, which include the invested assets of the Institutional Markets
business. 

 General
operating expenses  in 2015 increased
compared to 2014 , primarily due to higher state guaranty fund assessment
expenses, technology investments and higher interest expense. 

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating income  for
2014 decreased slightly compared to 2013, as a decrease in net investment
income was only partially offset by an increase in fee income. The increase in
fee income was driven by growth in reserves and assets under management,
primarily from strong development of the stable value wrap business.   The notional amount of stable value
wrap assets under management at December 31, 2014 grew by $7.8 billion or 32
percent from December 31, 2013, which excluded a $2.5 billion deposit to the
separate accounts for a stable value funding agreement. Growth in reserves also
reflected a GIC deposit of $450 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 under a
funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, in which an unaffiliated,
non-consolidated statutory trust issues to investors medium-term notes, which
are secured by GICs issued by one of the Life Insurance Companies. Under the
funding agreement-backed notes program, issuances will be made
opportunistically based upon pricing and demand available in the marketplace. 

 Net investment income  for
2014 decreased compared to 2013, primarily due to lower net investment income
from alternative investments and from the base portfolio. The 2014 decrease in
alternative investment income of $41 million compared to 2013 primarily
reflected high hedge fund income in 2013 due to favorable equity market
conditions. The decrease in base net investment income in 2014 compared to 2013
primarily reflected lower base portfolio yield as a result of reinvestment in
the  
 


 
  
   
   92 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
commercial insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 low interest rate environment, partially offset by
growth in average assets. See MD&A – Investments – Life Insurance Companies
for additional information on th e investment
strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of our Life
Insurance Companies, which include the invested assets of the Institutional
Markets business.  

 General
operating expenses  in 2014 increased
slightly compared to 2013, primarily due to investments in technology. 

 Institutional
Markets Premiums, Deposits and Net Flows 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For Institutional Markets, premiums represent amounts
received on traditional life insurance policies and life-contingent payout
annuities or structured settlements. Premiums and deposits is a non‑GAAP
financial measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits
received on universal life insurance and investment-type annuity contracts,
including GICs and stable value wrap funding agreements. 

 The
following table presents a reconciliation of Institutional Markets premiums and
deposits to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,782 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,797 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   991 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,344) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (354) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   610 
   
  
 


 Premiums and
deposits for 2015 decreased compared to 2014, primarily due to a $2.5 billion
deposit to the separate accounts of one of the Life Insurance Companies for a
stable value wrap funding agreement that was reflected in 2014. Excluding the
$2.5 billion deposit in the prior year period, premiums and deposits for 2015
increased compared to 2014, primarily due to higher premiums, which reflected
increased sales of terminal funding annuities in 2015. 

 The decrease
in premiums in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to a high volume of
single-premium products sold in 2013, including life-contingent payout annuities. 
Sales of these products decreased in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a more
competitive environment as well as continued low interest rates.  The increase
in deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 included a $2.5 billion deposit to the
separate accounts of one of the Life Insurance Companies for a stable value wrap
funding agreement. The majority of stable value wrap sales are measured based
on the notional amount included in assets under management, but do not include
the receipt of funds that would be included in premiums and deposits.  The
increase in deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 also reflected a $450 million GIC
issued in 2014.  



 
  



 
 


 
  
   
   93 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Consumer
insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Consumer
Insurance Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Consumer Insurance results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,936 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,887 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses * 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,378 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,474 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Includes general operating expenses, non deferrable
commissions, other acquisition expenses, advisory fee expenses and other
expenses.  

 

 Consumer Insurance Results by Operating Segment 

 


 Consumer Insurance presents its operating results in three
operating segments – Retirement, Life and Personal Insurance. The following
section provides a comparative discussion of Consumer Insurance Results of
Operations for 2015, 2014 and 2013 by operating segment. 

 Retirement Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Retirement results:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   287 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,072 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,010 
   
  
     
   
  
   861 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   364 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,823 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   480 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   249 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Advisory fee expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
     
   
  
   980 
   
  
     
   
  
   945 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,495 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,490 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   94 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   RETIREMENT pre-tax OPERATING INCOME  ( in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
 


    

 2015 and
2014 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating income  in 2015 decreased
compared to 2014, primarily due to lower net investment income and a lower net
positive adjustment to reflect the update of actuarial assumptions, partially
offset by growth in fee income. In addition, DAC amortization in Retirement
Income Solutions increased in 2015 due to growth in the business and lower equity
market returns compared to 2014. Base net investment income decreased in 2015,
which resulted in base spreads compression, but this decrease was partially
offset by higher policy fees due to growth in variable annuity separate account
assets under management, principally driven by positive net flows. 

 Pre-tax
operating income in  both years included a net
positive impact from the update of certain estimated gross profit assumptions
used to amortize DAC and related items in the investment-oriented product
lines, which resulted in a $140 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2015, compared to a $246 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2014. See Insurance Reserves - Life Insurance Companies DAC and
Reserves – Update of Actuarial Assumptions for amounts by product line and
financial statement line item and additional discussion. 

 Net
investment income    for 2015 decreased compared to 2014, primarily due to lower
returns on alternative investments in hedge funds and lower base net investment
income. 

 Base net investment income for 2015 decreased compared to
2014, primarily due to the effect of lower base yields from reinvestment at
rates below the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio. See
Investments – Life Insurance Companies for additional information on th e investment strategy, asset-liability management process
and invested assets of our Life Insurance Companies, which include the invested
assets of the Retirement business. 

 Overall,
Retirement fixed maturity portfolio yields in 2015 declined compared to 2014,
primarily as a result of investment purchases and investment of portfolio cash
flows at rates below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio given
the sustained low interest rate environment. While average interest crediting
rates were down slightly due to active rate management, the decline in base
yield resulted in spread compression in Fixed Annuities base spreads compared
to 2014. Group Retirement base spread was flat compared to 2014, due to
slightly lower average crediting rates as well as additional accretion income
in 2015, which helped offset the decline in yield on the base portfolio. See
Spread Management below for additional discussion. 


 


 
  
   
   95 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 General operating expenses  i ncreased in 2015
compared to 2014, due in part to technology investments and higher expenses
associated with continued strong sales in the Retirement Income Solutions
product line. 

 2014 and
2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax
operating income  for Retirement in 2014
was comparable to 2013, as higher policy fees and the higher positive impact of
actuarial assumption updates were offset by lower net investment income from
alternative investments. The increase in policy fees was driven by growth in
variable annuity separate account assets from positive net flows and favorable
equity markets. A higher volume of commissions and advisory fees included in
Other income, net of related expenses, was driven by increased assets under
management .  

 Pre-tax
operating income in  both years included a net
positive impact from the update of certain estimated gross profit assumptions
used to amortize DAC and related items in the investment-oriented product
lines, which resulted in a $246 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2014, compared to a $233 million net increase in pre-tax operating
income in 2013. See Insurance Reserves - Life Insurance Companies DAC and
Reserves – Update of Actuarial Assumptions for amounts by product line and
financial statement line item and additional discussion. 

 Net
investment income  for 2014 decreased
compared to 2013, primarily due to a $158 million decrease in income from
alternative investments, including lower hedge fund income, which in 2013 had
benefited from favorable equity market conditions and several large hedge fund
redemptions. The decrease in hedge fund income in 2014 compared to 2013 was
partially offset by an increase in private equity fund income. 

 Base net
investment income for 2014 increased slightly compared to 2013, as
participation income on a commercial mortgage loan and income from the
redemption of an invested asset in 2014 more than offset the effect of lower
base yields from reinvestment at rates below the weighted average yield of the
overall portfolio. See Investments – Life Insurance Companies for additional
information on  th e
investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested assets of
our Life Insurance Companies,  which include the invested assets of the Retirement business. 

 Overall,
Retirement fixed maturity portfolio yields in 2014 declined compared to 2013,
primarily as a result of investment purchases and investment of portfolio cash
flows at rates below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio in
the historically low interest rate environment.  The Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement product lines were able to
maintain base spreads in 2014 at a level comparable to 2013, and Retirement
Income  Solutions base  spread increased, as a result of active crediting rate
management. See Spread Management below for additional discussion. 

 General
operating expenses  increased in 2014
compared to 2013, due in part to technology investments and the volume of
continued sales growth of annuities in the Retirement Income Solutions and
Fixed Annuities product lines. 

 Spread Management 

 The contractual
provisions for renewal of crediting rates and guaranteed minimum crediting
rates included in products may reduce spreads in a sustained low interest rate
environment and thus reduce future profitability. Although this interest rate
risk is partially mitigated through the Life Insurance Companies’ asset‑liability
management process, product design elements and crediting rate strategies, a
sustained low interest rate environment may negatively affect future
profitability. 

 Disciplined
pricing on new business and active crediting rate management are used in the
Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement product lines to partially offset the
impact of a continued decline in base yields resulting from investment of
available cash flows in the low interest rate environment. 

 Disciplined
pricing on new business  is used to pursue
new sales of annuity products at targeted net investment spreads in the current
rate environment. Retirement has an active product management process to ensure
that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current interest rate
environment. To the extent that Retirement cannot achieve targeted net
investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no longer sold.
Additionally, where appropriate, existing products that had higher minimum rate
guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates as permitted under
state  
 


 
  
   
   96 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 insurance laws for new sales. As a result, new
sales of fixed annuity products generally have minimum interest rate guarantees
of one percent. 

 Renewal
crediting rate management  is done under
contractual provisions in annuity products that were designed to allow
crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals in accordance with
state and federal laws and subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees.
Retirement will continue to adjust crediting rates on in-force business to
mitigate the pressure on spreads from declining base yields. In addition to
deferred annuity products, certain traditional long-duration products for which
Retirement does not have the ability to adjust interest rates, such as payout
annuities, are exposed to reduced earnings and potential loss recognition
reserve increases in a sustained low interest rate environment. 

 As of December
31, 2015, Retirement’s fixed annuity reserves, which include fixed options
offered within variable annuities sold in the Group Retirement and Retirement
Income Solutions product lines as well as reserves of the Fixed Annuities
product line, had minimum guaranteed interest rates ranging from one percent to
5.5 percent, with the higher rates representing guarantees on older in-force
products. As indicated in the table below, approximately 73 percent of annuity
account values were at their minimum crediting rates as of December 31, 2015,
compared to 71 percent at December 31, 2014. As a result of disciplined pricing
on new business and the run-off of older business with higher minimum crediting
rates, fixed annuity account values having contractual minimum guaranteed rates
above one percent decreased to 74 percent of total fixed annuity reserves at
December 31, 2015 from 79 percent at December 31, 2014 . 

 The
following table presents fixed annuity account values by contractual minimum
guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Current Crediting Rates 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1-50
  Basis 
   
  
   More
  than 50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Minimum Guaranteed  
   
  
   At
  Contractual 
   
  
   Points
  Above 
   
  
   Basis
  Points 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Above
  Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed annuities  * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,896 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,340 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,635 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,871 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,341 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,974 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,067 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,151 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,291 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,671 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,675 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,270 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,695 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95,169 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Percentage of total 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Fixed
annuities shown include fixed options within variable annuities sold in Group
Retirement and Retirement Income Solutions product lines. 

 Retirement Premiums and Deposits,
Surrenders and Net Flows 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Premiums  

 For Retirement, premiums primarily represent amounts
received on life-contingent payout annuities. Premiums and deposits is a non‑GAAP
financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums,
deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds . 

 The
following table presents a reconciliation of Retirement premiums and deposits
to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits* 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,729 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,078) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,903) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,690) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   287 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   97 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 * Excludes activity related to closed blocks of fixed and
variable annuities. 

 Premiums    have fluctuated
since 2013 primarily due to changes in immediate annuity premiums in the Fixed
Annuities product line. 

   

 Premiums and Deposits and Net Flows  

 The following table presents
Retirement premiums and deposits and net flows by product line: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,702 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,578 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,828 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retail Mutual Funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Retirement premiums and deposits* 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,241 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,023 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Net flows 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,188) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,313) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,820) 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,010 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,566 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,092 
   
  
 
   
   Retail Mutual Funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,780 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,135) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,797) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (492) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Retirement net flows* 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,713 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   455 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,560 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes activity related to closed blocks of
fixed and variable annuities, which had reserves of approximately $5.0 billion
and $5.4 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  

   

 
  
   
   RETIREMENT PREMIUMS AND DEPOSITS by
  Product Line  (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
     
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   98 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Premiums
and deposits  increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to growth in
Retirement Income Solutions and Retail Mutual Funds. Premiums and deposits
increased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily in Retirement Income Solutions
product lines and in Fixed Annuities, partially offset by lower deposits in
Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement.  

 Net flows  for annuity products included in the Fixed
Annuities, Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines
represent premiums and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal
benefits. Net flows from mutual funds, which are included in both the Retail
Mutual Funds and Group Retirement product lines, represent deposits less
withdrawals.  

 Total net flows for Retirement increased in 2015 compared
to 2014, primarily due to lower surrenders in Group Retirement, improvement in
both sales and the level of withdrawals in Retail Mutual Funds, and continued
growth in Retirement Income Solutions. 

 Total net flows for Retirement decreased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to higher surrenders and withdrawals in 2014, primarily
in the Group Retirement and Retail Mutual Funds product lines, which resulted
in a significant decrease in net flows compared to 2013.  

 Premiums and Deposits and Net
Flows by Product Line 

 A discussion of the significant variances in premiums and
deposits and net flows for each product line follows: 

 Fixed Annuities  premiums and deposits increased in
2015 compared to 2014, due to new product offerings and increases in market
interest rates driven by widening credit spreads in the second half of the
year, but net flows continued to be negative, primarily due to the sustained
relatively low interest rate environment. The increase in Fixed Annuities
deposits in 2014 compared to 2013 was due to modest increases in interest rates
and steepening of the yield curve in the first half of 2014, compared to lower rates
in the prior year, particularly in the first half of 2013. Fixed Annuities net
flows in 2014 were negative, but improved compared to 2013, primarily due to
the increased deposits. 

 Retirement Income Solutions  premiums and deposits and
net flows increased in 2015 compared to 2014, reflecting an increase in index
annuity sales. Premiums and deposits and net flows increased significantly in
2014 compared to 2013, reflecting a high volume of variable and index annuity
sales, which benefitted from consumer demand for retirement products with
guaranteed benefit features, product enhancements, expanded distribution and a
more favorable competitive environment. The improvement in surrender rates in
2015 and 2014 compared to the prior years (see Surrender Rates below) was
primarily due to the significant growth in account value driven by the high
volume of sales, which has increased the proportion of business that is within
the surrender charge period. 

 Retail Mutual Funds  deposits and net flows increased
in 2015 compared to 2014, and decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, driven
primarily by activity within the Focused Dividend Strategy Portfolio. After
record sales in 2013, the Focused Dividend Strategy Portfolio experienced
relatively less favorable performance in 2014, putting pressure on 2014 sales
and withdrawal activity. In 2015, sales and withdrawals for this portfolio
improved, due to a return to strong performance levels, resulting in overall
growth in Retail Mutual Funds net flows compared to 2014. 

 Group Retirement  net flows increased in 2015 compared
to 2014, primarily due to lower surrender activity. The improvement in the
surrender rate in 2015 compared to 2014 was due in part to lower large group
surrenders, which were approximately $1.5 billion in 2015, compared to $2.7
billion in 2014. Group Retirement   net flows decreased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to higher group surrender activity, as well as lower
premiums and deposits. The large group market has become increasingly
competitive and has been impacted by the consolidation of healthcare providers
and other employers in our target markets. This trend of heightened competition
is expected to continue in 2016 as plan sponsors perform reviews of existing
retirement plan relationships. 


 


 
  
   
   99 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
    Surrender Rates  

 The following table presents reserves for annuity
product lines by surrender charge category: 

 
  
   
   At
  December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   No
  surrender charge (b)(c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,184 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,751 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,255 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,429 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater
  than 0% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,517 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,512 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater
  than 2% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,565 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,254 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Greater
  than 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,952 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,683 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,165 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-surrenderable 
   
  
     
   
  
   676 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,723 
   
  
     
   
  
   358 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   770 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,910 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55,020 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55,307 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,619 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49,511 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) Excludes
mutual fund assets under management of $14.5 billion and $14.6 billion at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 (b) Group
Retirement  amounts in this category include
reserves of approximately $6.2 billion, at both December 31, 2015 and 2014,
which are subject to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations. 

 (c) Retirement  Income Solutions amounts in this category for 2014 include
$12.5 billion of reserves with zero surrender charge that were previously
reported within “Greater than 0% - 2%”. 

 The
following table presents surrender rates for deferred annuities by product
line: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders
  as a percentage of average account value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed
  Annuities 
   
  
   6.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   6.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement
  Income Solutions 
   
  
   6.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Group
  Retirement 
   
  
   10.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Life Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Life results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,759 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,679 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,485 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefits and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   507 
   
  
     
   
  
   542 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non deferrable insurance commissions 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   968 
   
  
     
   
  
   885 
   
  
     
   
  
   849 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   806 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   100 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   Life pre-tax OPERATING INCOME  ( in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
 


 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income  decreased
in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower net investment income,
mortality experience that was within pricing expectations but less favorable
than the prior year, and a higher net negative adjustment to reflect updated
actuarial assumptions. These decreases were partially offset by a $20 million reduction
in the reserve for IBNR death claims related to enhanced claims practices, due
to updated estimates in 2015, compared to a $104 million increase in this
reserve in 2014, which was primarily related to a legacy block of small
policies for which personal data elements were unavailable or incomplete. 

 Other income in 2015 was
primarily related to commission and profit sharing revenues received by Laya
Healthcare for the distribution of insurance products. Laya Healthcare, which
we acquired on March 31, 2015, is Ireland’s second largest primary health
insurance provider. Laya Healthcare distributes and administers primary
healthcare for approximately 550,000 customers, and also offers other coverage
including life, dental and travel insurance. 

 The net negative adjustment of
$146 million related to an update of actuarial assumptions in 2015 was
primarily due to lower assumed surrender rates for certain later-duration
universal life with secondary guarantees, which represent approximately eight
percent of the Life Insurance Companies’ total U.S. life reserves. The net
negative adjustment also reflected lower investment spread assumptions,
partially offset by more favorable than expected assumptions for mortality, as
well as loss recognition expense of $28 million for certain discontinued
long-term care products primarily due to lower future premium assumptions.
These negative adjustments were partially offset by a decrease in certain Group
Benefit claim reserves based on updated experience data. See Insurance Reserves
- Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves – Update of Actuarial Assumptions
for amounts by financial statement line item and additional discussion of loss
recognition. 

 Net investment income  for 2015 decreased compared to
2014, primarily due to lower returns on alternative investments in hedge funds and,
to a lesser extent, a decrease due to lower yields on the base portfolio. See
Investments – Life Insurance Companies for additional discussion of th e investment strategy, asset-liability management process
and invested assets of our Life Insurance Companies,  which include the
invested assets of the Life business. 

 General operating expenses  increased in 2015 compared
to 2014, primarily related to the expansion of the international Life business
through the acquisitions of AIG Life Limited and Laya Healthcare. Higher
expenses from the international acquisitions were partially offset by domestic
savings from organizational changes. 


 


 
  
   
   101 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre-tax operating income  decreased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to increases in policyholder benefit reserves, lower net
investment income and higher general operating expenses. Updates of actuarial
assumptions also decreased pre-tax operating income by $119 million in 2014
compared to $80 million in 2013.  These decreases were partially offset by a
$28 million increase in pre-tax operating income in 2014 compared to 2013, due
to a 2013 increase in equity-indexed universal life reserves, which was
reflected in Interest credited to policyholder account balances.   

 Overall, mortality experience for 2014 was similar to 2013
and within pricing assumptions. Policyholder benefit expense in 2014 included
an increase of approximately $104 million to the estimated reserves for IBNR
death claims, which reflected continuing efforts to identify deceased insureds
and their beneficiaries who have not presented a valid claim, pursuant to the
2012 resolution of a multi-state audit and market conduct examination. The 2014
increase in the IBNR reserve was related primarily to a legacy block of
in-force and lapsed small face amount policies, for which certain personal data
elements were unavailable or incomplete. In 2014, in the process of reviewing
these policies as required under the terms of the regulatory agreement, we
refined our estimate of the ultimate cost of these claims. The reserve increase
in 2014 was in addition to amounts previously provided for IBNR claims in 2011
and 2012, which totaled $259 million.  

 Net investment income  decreased in 2014 compared to
2013, primarily due to lower income from alternative investments and lower
yields on the base portfolio due to investment of portfolio cash flows at rates
below the weighted average yield of the existing portfolio. See Investments –
Life Insurance Companies for additional discussion of th e investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested
assets of our Life Insurance Companies,  which include the invested
assets of the Life business.    

 General operating expenses  increased in 2014
compared to 2013 primarily due to strategic investments in technology and
service platforms in the U.S. and Japan. 

 Spread Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Disciplined pricing on new business  is used to
pursue new sales of life products at targeted net investment spreads in the
current interest rate environment. Life has an active product management
process to ensure that new business offerings appropriately reflect the current
interest rate environment. To the extent that Life cannot achieve targeted net
investment spreads on new business, products are re-priced or no longer sold.
Additionally, where appropriate, existing products with higher minimum rate
guarantees have been re-filed with lower crediting rates, as permitted under
state insurance laws for new sales. Universal life insurance interest rate
guarantees are generally two to three percent on new non-indexed products and
zero to two percent on new indexed products, and are designed to meet targeted
net investment spreads.  

 In-force Management . Crediting rates for in-force
policies are adjusted in accordance with contractual provisions that were
designed to allow crediting rates to be reset subject to minimum crediting rate
guarantees. 

 The following table presents universal life account
values by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate and current crediting
rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Current Crediting Rates 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1-50
  Basis 
   
  
   More
  than 50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contractual Minimum Guaranteed  
   
  
   At
  Contractual 
   
  
   Points
  Above 
   
  
   Basis
  Points 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Minimum 
   
  
   Above
  Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
   Guarantee 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Universal life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   1% 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 1% - 2% 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 2% - 3% 
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,308 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 3% - 4% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,651 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   > 4% - 5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,143 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   102 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   > 5% - 5.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,916 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,761 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,844 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Percentage of total 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 Life
Premiums and Deposits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Premiums for Life represent amounts received on traditional
life insurance policies and group benefit policies. Premiums and deposits for
Life is a non‑GAAP financial measure that includes direct and assumed
premiums as well as deposits received on universal life insurance. 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of Life
premiums and deposits to GAAP premiums: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,974 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,862 
   
  
 
   
   Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,540) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,532) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,541) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (595) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (584) 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,759 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,679 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
 


 Excluding the
effect of foreign exchange, Life premiums and deposits increased six percent in
2015 compared to 2014, and premiums increased eight percent, principally driven
by growth in Japan and the acquisition of AIG Life Limited in the U.K. 

 The decrease
in Life premiums in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to the non-renewal
of certain group benefit accounts and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar
against the Japanese yen, partially offset by solid growth in Japan premiums
excluding the effect of foreign exchange.  As a result of the decrease in
premiums, premiums and deposits also decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. 

 Personal Insurance Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Personal Insurance results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums written 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (442) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (323) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net premiums earned 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,970 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total acquisition expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   General operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,995 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Underwriting income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   455 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   399 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   103 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   NET
  PREMIUMS WRITTEN 
   (in millions )  
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax oPERATING INCOME 
   (in millions )  
   
  
 
   
     
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
   
  
 


    

 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Pre‑tax operating income  decreased in 2015,
compared to 2014, primarily due to a decrease in net investment income and
underwriting results. Catastrophe losses were $145 million in 2015 compared to
$126 million in 2014. In 2015, net favorable prior year loss reserve
development was $19 million compared to $77 million in 2014.  

 Acquisition expenses  decreased in 2015 compared to
2014. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, acquisition expenses increased
due to higher acquisition costs, primarily in automobile and property
businesses, and higher profit share expenses related to warranty service
programs, partially offset by a decrease in non-deferred direct marketing
expenses. The non-deferred direct marketing expenses, excluding commissions,
for 2015 were approximately $292 million, and, excluding the impact of foreign
exchange, decreased by approximately $71 million from 2014.  

 General operating expenses  decreased in 2015 compared
to 2014, primarily due to the effect of foreign exchange and reflected an ongoing
focus on cost efficiency. 

 Net investment income  decreased in 2015 compared to
2014, primarily due to the continued impact of low interest rates resulting in
yields on new purchases that were lower than the weighted average yield of the
overall portfolio, negative performance of alternative investments in hedge
funds, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most major foreign
currencies, and lower allocation of net investment income. 

 See MD&A — Investments for additional information
on the Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets, investment strategy, and
asset-liability management process. 

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Pre‑tax operating income  increased in 2014  compared to 2013, primarily due
to a decrease in current accident year losses and lower general operating
expenses, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses and lower net favorable
prior year loss reserve development, higher acquisition expenses and a decrease
in net investment income. Catastrophe losses were $126 million in 2014,
compared to $77 million in 2013. The accident year losses include severe
losses of approximately $54 million in 2014 compared to $17 million in 2013. Net
favorable loss reserve development was $77 million in 2014 compared to
$155 million in 2013, and included approximately $7 million of
favorable loss reserve development from Storm Sandy compared to $41 million in 2013 . Foreign exchange did not have a significant impact on the
pre-tax operating income compared to 2013. 


 


 
  
   
   104 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Acquisition
expenses    increased in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to the change in business mix and higher costs in
growth-targeted lines of business, partially offset by the effect of foreign
exchange as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Japanese
yen. Direct marketing expenses, excluding commissions, for 2014 were
$392 million, compared to $440 million in 2013. Excluding the impact
of foreign exchange, direct marketing expenses decreased by approximately $24
million in 2014 compared to 2013. Direct marketing accounted for approximately
17 percent of net premiums written in both 2014 and 2013. 

 General operating expenses    decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. Excluding the
effect of foreign exchange, general operating expenses remained flat, as efficiencies
from organizational realignment initiatives were offset by increased
technology-related expenses.  

 Net investment income  decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a
decrease in interest rates during 2014,  as yields on new purchases were
lower than the weighted average yield of the overall portfolio , lower income on alternative investments, and lower income
associated with investments accounted for under the fair value option method as
an increase related to the PICC P&C rights offerings was more than offset
by a decrease from fixed maturity investments accounted for under the fair
value option. These were partially offset by the effect of continued portfolio
diversification. The decrease in allocated net investment income was also due
to a reduction in net loss reserves. 

 See MD&A — Investments
for additional information on the Non-Life Insurance Companies invested assets,
investment strategy, and asset-liability management process.   

 Personal
Insurance Net Premiums Written 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents Personal Insurance net
premiums written by major line of business: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident & Health 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,990 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,441 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,714 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Personal Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,590 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,971 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Personal Insurance net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   105 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Personal
  Insurance 
   (in millions) 
   
  
 
   
     
     
   
     
     
   
  
 


 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Personal Insurance net premiums written decreased in 2015
compared to 2014 due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Major
Currencies. Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written
increased in 2015 compared to 2014, as the business continued to grow through
multiple product and distribution channels. The following paragraphs discuss
the changes in net premiums written on a constant dollar basis, which exclude
the effect of foreign exchange. 

 Accident & Health  net premiums written increased
in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to production increases in Accident and
Health in Japan, partially offset by the decrease in Accident and Health in the
U.S., due to continued underwriting discipline. 

 Personal Lines  net premiums written increased in 2015
compared to 2014. These increases were primarily due to increased production in
personal property business in the U.S. and Japan and in the automobile business
in all regions, partially offset by decreased production of warranty service
programs. The increase in the U.S. personal property business in 2015 was
attributable to new business sales and improved retention in the AIG Private
Client Group, whereas in Japan the increase was due to new business sales as a
result of the recent increase in new housing starts and heightened demand before
the duration restriction on long-term fire insurance became effective in
October 2015.  In addition, the increase in U.S. personal property
business in 2015 reflected changes to optimize our reinsurance structure to
retain more favorable risks, while continuing to manage aggregate exposure. 

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Personal Insurance net premiums
written  decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to the impact
of foreign exchange as the U.S. dollar strengthened against the Japanese yen.
Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, net premiums written increased in
2014 compared to 2013 as the business continued to grow through multiple
product and distribution channels, including direct marketing. The following
paragraphs discuss the changes in net premiums written on a constant dollar
basis, which exclude the effect of foreign exchange. 


 


 
  
   
   106 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Accident & Health    net premiums written decreased in 2014 compared to
2013. The decrease was primarily due to our focus on maintaining underwriting
discipline in certain classes of business in the U.S., partially offset by
growth in Japan and Latin America . 

 Personal Lines    net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to
2013. The increase was primarily due to increased rates and improved retention
in AIG Private Client Group and continued growth of automobile business outside
of Japan, partially offset by declines in the U.S. warranty service programs . 

 Personal
Insurance Net Premiums Written by Region 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents  Personal
Insurance  net premiums written by region: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. dollars 
   
  
     
   
  
   Original Currency 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Americas 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,916 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,072 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total net premiums written 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,580 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Personal insurance NET PREMIUMS WRITTEN by
  Region  
   
   (in millions) 
   

   
   
  
 

    

 The following paragraphs discuss the changes in net
premiums written on a constant dollar basis, which exclude the effect of
foreign exchange. 

 2015 and 2014 Comparison 

 Americas  net premiums written in 2015 increased
compared to 2014 due to growth in personal property and automobile businesses,
offset by decreases in warranty service programs and Accident and Health
businesses in the U.S. The growth in personal property business is primarily
driven by new business sales and improved retention in AIG Private Client Group
in the U.S., as well as the changes in the reinsurance structure discussed
above. 

 Asia Pacific  net premiums written increased in 2015
compared to 2014, primarily due to increased production in personal property, Accident
and Health and automobile businesses.  


 


 
  
   
   107 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 EMEA  net premiums written
increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily in automobile and in warranty
service programs, partially offset by decreases in Accident and Health. 

 2014 and 2013 Comparison 

 Americas  net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to an increase in all product lines in our Latin America
operations and growth in U.S. personal property and automobile businesses.
These were partially offset by a decrease in U.S. Accident and Health due to
our continued focus on maintaining underwriting discipline. 

 Asia Pacific  net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
primarily due to production increases in Japan Accident and Health and in
property and automobile business outside of Japan.  

 EMEA  net premiums written increased in 2014 compared to 2013,
due to growth in the automobile business and warranty service programs,
partially offset by a decrease in the Accident and Health business. 

 Personal
Insurance Underwriting Ratios 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables present
the Personal Insurance combined ratios based on GAAP data and reconciliation to
the accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
 
   
   Loss ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   56.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.4) 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   57.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
 
   
   General operating expense ratio  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Expense ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   45.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
 
   
   Combined ratio 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   99.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   101.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophe losses and reinstatement
  premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.4) 
   
  
 
   
   Prior year development net of premium
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
 
   
   Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   99.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   102.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.6) 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   108 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Personal Insurance   ratios  
   
  
 
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
 


 The following tables present
Personal Insurance accident year catastrophe and severe losses by region and
the number of events: 

 Catastrophes (a) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Pacific 
   
  
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
 
   
   Wildfire 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   145 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Earthquakes 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Flooding 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Windstorms and hailstorms 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Tropical cyclone 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Total catastrophe-related charges 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
 


 (a) Catastrophes
are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of
$10 million each.  

 Severe Losses (b) 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   #
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Events 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Pacific 
   
  
   EMEA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   109 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  results of operations /
consumer insurance  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 *     Severe losses are
defined as non-catastrophe individual first party losses and surety losses
greater than $10 million, net of related reinsurance and salvage and
subrogation. 

 2015 and
2014 Comparison  

 The combined
ratio increased by 1.4 points in 2015 compared to 2014, reflecting an increase
in the loss ratio and acquisition ratio ,
partially offset by a decrease in the general operating expense ratio . The accident year combined ratio, as adjusted, increased
by 0.7 points in 2015 compared to 2014. 

 The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, increased by 0.2 points in 2015, compared to
2014, due to higher  large but not severe  losses in automobile and personal property businesses,
partially offset by a decrease in losses in warranty service programs and lower
severe losses.  The loss ratio improvement in
warranty service programs was offset by an increase in the acquisition ratio
due to a related profit sharing arrangement. 

 The
acquisition ratio increased by 1.1 points in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily
due to increases in acquisition costs in warranty service programs and in the
automobile business, partially offset by lower direct marketing expenses in the
 Accident and Health business .  

 The general
operating expense ratio decreased by 0.6 points in 2015 compared to 2014,
reflecting an ongoing focus on cost efficiency.  

 2014 and
2013 Comparison 

 The combined
ratio decreased by 1.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a
lower loss ratio, partially offset by a higher acquisition ratio as discussed
below.  

 The accident
year combined ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 2.6 points in 2014 compared
to 2013, primarily due to an improved accident year loss ratio, as adjusted. 

 The accident
year loss ratio, as adjusted, decreased by 3.6 points in 2014 compared to 2013,
as a result of improvements across all lines of business. The lower losses
associated with a warranty retail program were largely offset by an increase in
the related profit sharing arrangement, which increased the acquisition ratio
in 2014 compared to 2013. The severe losses of $54 million, resulting largely
from four fire claims, accounted for 0.5 points of the accident year loss
ratio, as adjusted, in 2014. 

 The general
operating expense ratio remained unchanged in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting
the impact of efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, offset
by increased technology-related expenses.     



 
  



 Corporate
and Other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Corporate
and Other Results 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents AIG’s Corporate and Other
results: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage Change 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  vs. 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  vs. 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and Other pre-tax operating
  loss: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity in pre-tax operating earnings of
  AerCap (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   434 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of PICC investments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from other assets, net (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate general operating expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (985) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severance expense (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,101) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,233) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,412) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   110 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7
/  results of operations / Corporate and other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   Direct Investment book 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Global Capital Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   359 
   
  
     
   
  
   625 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Run-off insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (488) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (445) 
   
  
     
   
  
   403 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidation and eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   NM 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Corporate and Other pre-tax
  operating loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (883) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (379) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (265) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a) Represents
our share of AerCap’s pre-tax operating income, which excludes certain
post-acquisition transaction expenses incurred by AerCap in connection with its
acquisition of ILFC and the difference between expensing AerCap’s maintenance
rights assets over the remaining lease term as compared to the remaining
economic life of the related aircraft. 

 (b) During the
first quarter of 2015, Non-Life Insurance Companies sold a portion of their
investment in PICC P&C to AIG Parent. During 2014, the Life Insurance
Companies sold their investment in PICC Group to AIG Parent. 

 ( c)  Consists
of the results of investments held by AIG Parent to support various corporate
needs as well as the remaining positions of AIGFP, life settlements, real
estate, equipment leasing and lending and other secured lending investments
held by AIG Parent and certain subsidiaries. As a result of the progress of the
wind down and de-risking activities of the DIB and the derivative portfolio of
AIGFP included within GCM, AIG has discontinued separate reporting of the DIB
and GCM. Their results have been reported within Income from other assets, net,
beginning with the first quarter of 2015. This reporting aligns with the manner
in which AIG manages its financial resources. Prior periods are presented in historical
format for informational purposes. Interest expense for 2015 includes $70
million of interest expense previously reported in DIB results. 

 (d) Includes
$263 million of severance expense attributable to the Property Casualty
and Personal Insurance operating segments. 

 

 Corporate and Other Results 

 


 2015 and
2014 Comparison 

 Corporate and
Other pre-tax operating losses increased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due
to lower fair value appreciation on ABS CDOs, lower credit valuation
adjustments on assets for which the fair value option was elected, and lower
mark-to-market income on CDS positions as a result of portfolio wind down and
more significant spread tightening in 2014, all of which are reflected in
Income from other assets, net. Partially offsetting these declines were lower
corporate general operating expenses resulting from a pension curtailment
credit and lower interest expense from ongoing liability management activities.
 

 Run-off
insurance lines reported an increase in pre-tax operating loss in 2015
primarily due to higher net adverse prior year loss reserve development
reflecting the loss reserve strengthening in classes of business with long
reporting tails and transfers of certain casualty lines, including
environmental liability and healthcare coverage that were no longer offered by
Commercial Insurance to Run-off insurance lines. See Insurance Reserves –
Non-Life Insurance Companies – Net Loss Development for further discussion.
These increases in net adverse prior year loss reserve development were
partially offset by excess workers’ compensation net loss reserve discount
benefit, primarily reflecting an increase in Treasury rates in 2015. See
Insurance Reserves – Non-Life Insurance Companies – Discounting of Reserves for
further discussion. 

 2014 and
2013 Comparison 

 Corporate and
Other pre‑tax operating losses increased in 2014 compared to 2013
primarily due to an increase in general operating expenses as a result of
centralizing processes to lower-cost locations and increased costs related to
investments in technology, lower fair value appreciation on ABS CDOs driven
primarily by improved collateral pricing due to more significant improvements
in home price indices and amortization of the underlying collateral in 2013, lower
credit valuation adjustments on assets for which the fair value option was
elected, and lower mark-to-market income on CDS positions as a result of
portfolio wind down and spread widening, partially offset by our share of
AerCap’s pre-tax operating income, which was accounted for under the equity
method, and lower interest expense from ongoing debt management activities
described in Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

 Run-off
insurance lines reported a pre-tax operating loss of $445 million in 2014
compared to income of $403 million in 2013, primarily as a result of a $407
million charge from a decrease in reserve discount in 2014 compared to a $631
million benefit from an increase in discount in 2013. This
discounting-related charge was partially offset by a $98 million decrease in
net adverse prior year loss reserve development and an improvement in current
accident year loss experience, particularly in the environmental liability
business (2004 and prior). The discount charge was primarily due to the decline
in risk free rates during  
 


 
  
   
   111 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7
/  results of operations / Corporate and other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 2014 used under
Pennsylvania and Delaware prescribed or permitted practices, change in payout
pattern assumptions, including the effect of commutations and accelerated
settlements for the certain Excess Workers’ Compensation reserves, as well as
accretion. See Insurance Reserves - Discounting of Reserves for additional
information. 



 
  



   

 
  
   
   Investments 
   
  
 


 Overview 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our investment strategies are tailored
to the specific business needs of each operating unit. The investment
objectives are driven by the respective business models for Non-Life Insurance
Companies, Life Insurance Companies and AIG Parent. The primary objectives are
generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management
and growth of surplus to support the insurance products. The majority of assets
backing our insurance liabilities consist of intermediate and long
duration fixed maturity securities. 

    

 
  
   
   Investments Highlights in 2015 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   A rise in rates, widening of credit spreads and sales of equity
  securities resulted in a decrease in our net unrealized gain position in our
  investment portfolio. Net unrealized gains in our available for sale
  portfolio decreased to approximately $8.8 billion as of December 31, 2015
  from approximately $19.0 billion as of December 31, 2014. 
   •    
   We continued to make investments in structured securities and other
  fixed maturity securities and increased lending activities in mortgage loans
  with favorable risk versus return characteristics to improve yields and
  increase net investment income. 
   •    
   Our alternative investments portfolio performance experienced a
  significant drop off in the second half of 2015 due to increased volatility
  in equity markets, which affected the performance of our hedge fund
  portfolio. 
   •    
   Blended investment yields on new investments were lower than blended
  rates on investments that were sold, matured or called.  
   •    
   Other-than-temporary impairments increased due to impairments within
  the energy and emerging markets sectors, driven primarily by slowing growth
  in China and weakness in commodity markets. 
   •    
   We experienced an increase in gains of sales of securities in 2015
  versus 2014 due to a partial divestiture of our PICC equity interests. 
   
  
 


    

 Investment
Strategies  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Investment strategies are based on considerations that
include the local and general market conditions, liability duration and cash
flow characteristics, rating agency and regulatory capital considerations,
legal investment limitations, tax optimization and diversification. 

 Some of our key investment
strategies are as follows: 

 •    
 Fixed maturity securities held by the U.S. insurance companies included
in Non-Life Insurance Companies consist of a mix of instruments that meet our
current risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification
objectives. 


 


 
  
   
   112 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 •    
 Outside of the U.S., fixed maturity securities held by Non-Life
Insurance Companies consist primarily of intermediate duration high-grade
securities generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which we
operate.  

 ·        While
more of a focus is placed on asset-liability management in Life Insurance
Companies, our fundamental strategy across all of our investment portfolios is
to optimize the duration characteristics of the assets within a target range
based on comparable liability characteristics, to the extent practicable.  

 ·      
 AIG Parent actively manages its assets and liabilities in terms
of products, counterparties and duration. AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are
held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded,
intermediate term investment-grade rated fixed maturity securities. Based upon
an assessment of its immediate and longer-term funding needs, AIG Parent
purchases publicly traded, intermediate term, investment-grade rated fixed
maturity securities that can be readily monetized through sales or repurchase
agreements.  These securities allow us to diversify sources of liquidity while
reducing the cost of maintaining sufficient liquidity. 

 Investments
by Legal Entity Category 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables summarize the composition of AIG's
investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   Life 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   84,849 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   157,150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,589 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,730 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for
  sale, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
 
   
   Other Common and preferred stock, at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   566 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,692) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,565 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,825 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,794 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,066 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,132 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   111,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,691 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,011 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
   Total invested assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112,537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   200,694 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,752 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339,983 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   164,527 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,390 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,785 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,194 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for
  sale, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
 
   
   Other Common and preferred stock, at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   554 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,570) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,990 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,916 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,230 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,518 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,958 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   120,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   202,383 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,760 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   451 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Total invested assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,814 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202,834 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   357,524 
   
  
 


 (a) Beginning in
the fourth quarter of 2015, Eaglestone Reinsurance Company is reported in
Corporate and Other. 

 (b) At December
31, 2015, approximately 90 percent and 10 percent of investments were held by
domestic and foreign entities, respectively, compared to approximately 90
percent and 10 percent, respectively, at December 31, 2014. 

   


 


 
  
   
   113 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table
presents the components of Net Investment Income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Interest and dividends 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,856 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,199 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,803 
   
  
 
   
   Other investment income * 
   
  
     
   
  
   249 
   
  
     
   
  
   726 
   
  
     
   
  
   356 
   
  
 
   
   Total investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,358 
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   528 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   548 
   
  
 
   
   Total net investment income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
 


 * Includes changes in fair value of
certain fixed maturity securities where the fair value option has been elected
and which are used to economically hedge the interest rate risk in GMWB
embedded derivatives.  For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013, the net investment income (loss) recorded on these securities was $(43)
million, $260 million and $(161) million, respectively. 

 Net investment income decreased for 2015 compared to 2014
due to lower income on alternative investments, primarily related to hedge fund
performance, lower income on assets for which the fair value option was
elected, and lower reinvestment yields. 

 Net investment income for 2014 increased compared to 2013
primarily due to positive performance on bonds where we elected the fair value
option, driven by movements in interest rates, partially offset by lower income
on alternative investments due to equity market performance and lower reinvestment
yields on our fixed maturity securities portfolio due to the low interest rate
environment. 

 Non-Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For the Non-Life Insurance Companies, the duration of
liabilities for long-tail casualty lines is greater than that of other lines.
As a result, the investment strategy within the Non-Life Insurance Companies
focuses on growth of surplus and preservation of capital, subject to liability
and other business considerations. 

 The Non-Life Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed
maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other governmental
agencies and also invest in structured securities collateralized by, among
other assets, residential and commercial real estate and commercial mortgage
loans. While invested assets backing reserves of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies are primarily invested in conventional fixed maturity securities, we
have continued to allocate a portion of our investment activity into asset
classes that offer higher yields, particularly in the domestic operations. In
addition, we continue to invest in both fixed rate and floating rate
asset-backed investments for their risk-return attributes, as well as to manage
our exposure to potential changes in interest rates. This asset diversification
has maintained stable average yields while the overall credit ratings of our
fixed maturity securities were largely unchanged. We expect to continue to
pursue this investment strategy to meet the Non-Life Insurance Companies’
liquidity, duration and credit quality objectives as well as current risk‑return
and tax objectives. 

 In addition, the Non-Life Insurance Companies seek to
enhance returns through selective investments in a diversified portfolio of
alternative investments.  Although these alternative
investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically
achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields and have
provided added diversification to the broader portfolio.  The Non-Life
Insurance Companies’ investment portfolio also includes, to a lesser extent,
equity securities. 

 With respect to non-affiliate over‑the‑counter
derivatives, the Non-Life Insurance Companies conduct business with highly
rated counterparties and do not expect the counterparties to fail to meet their
obligations under the contracts. The Non-Life Insurance Companies have controls
in place to monitor credit exposures by limiting transactions with specific
counterparties within specified dollar limits and assessing the
creditworthiness of counterparties periodically. The Non-Life Insurance
Companies generally use ISDA Master Agreements and Credit Support Annexes
(CSAs) with bilateral collateral provisions to reduce counterparty credit
exposures. 

 Fixed maturity investments of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies domestic operations, with an intermediate duration of 4.7 years, are
currently comprised primarily of tax-exempt securities, which provide
attractive risk-adjusted after-tax returns, as  
 


 
  
   
   114 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 well
as taxable municipal bonds, government and agency bonds, and corporate bonds.
The majority of these high quality investments are rated A or higher based on
composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity investments held in the Non-Life Insurance
Companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated A or higher
based on composite ratings, and short to intermediate duration, averaging 3.2
years. 

 Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies is
to maximize net investment income and portfolio value, subject to liquidity
requirements, capital constraints, diversification requirements, asset‑liability
management and available investment opportunities. 

 The Life Insurance Companies use asset‑liability
management as a primary tool to monitor and manage risk in their businesses.
The Life Insurance Companies'  fundamental investment
strategy is to maintain a diversified, high quality portfolio of fixed maturity
securities that, to the extent possible, complements the characteristics of
liabilities, including duration, which is a measure of sensitivity to changes
in interest rates. The investment portfolio of each product line is tailored to
the specific characteristics of its insurance liabilities, and as a result,
certain portfolios are shorter in duration and others are longer in duration.  
An extended low interest rate environment may result in a lengthening of
liability durations from initial estimates, primarily due to lower lapses. 

 The Life Insurance Companies invest primarily in fixed
maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other
governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other
assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans. 

 In addition, the Life Insurance Companies seek to enhance
returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative
investments.  Although these alternative investments
are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved
yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields.  While a diversified
portfolio of alternative investments remains a fundamental component of the
investment strategy of the Life Insurance Companies, we intend to reduce the
overall size of the hedge fund portfolio, in light of changing market
conditions and perceived market opportunities, and to continue reducing the
size of the private equity portfolio.  The Life Insurance Companies investment
portfolio also includes, to a lesser extent, equity securities and yield
enhancing investments. 

 The Life Insurance Companies monitor fixed income markets,
including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the
yield curve. The Life Insurance Companies frequently review their interest rate
assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for their new and
in-force business. Business strategies continue to evolve to maintain profitability
of the overall business in a historically low interest rate environment. The
low interest rate environment makes it more difficult to profitably price many
of our products and puts margin pressure on existing products, due to the
challenge of investing recurring premiums and deposits and reinvesting
investment portfolio cash flows in the low rate environment while maintaining
satisfactory investment quality and liquidity. In addition, there is investment
risk associated with future premium receipts from certain in‑force
business. Specifically, the investment of these future premium receipts may be
at a yield below that required to meet future policy liabilities. 

 Fixed maturity investments of the Life Insurance Companies
domestic operations, with an intermediate duration of 6.6 years, are comprised
of taxable corporate bonds, as well as taxable municipal and government bonds,
and agency and non‑agency structured securities. The majority of these
investments are held in the available for sale portfolio and are rated
investment grade based on its composite ratings. 

 Fixed maturity investments held in the Life Insurance
Companies foreign operations are of high quality, primarily rated A or higher
based on composite ratings, and intermediate to long duration, averaging 13.7
years. 

    


 


 
  
   
   115 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 NAIC Designations of Fixed Maturity Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The Securities Valuation Office (SVO) of the National
Association of Insurance Companies (NAIC) evaluates the investments of U.S.
insurers for statutory reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities
to one of six categories called ‘NAIC Designations.’ In general, NAIC
Designations of ‘1’ highest quality, or ‘2’ high quality, include fixed
maturity securities considered investment grade, while NAIC Designations of ‘3’
through ‘6’ generally include fixed maturity securities referred to as below investment
grade.  The NAIC has adopted revised rating methodologies for certain
structured securities, including non-agency RMBS and CMBS, which are intended
to enable a more precise assessment of the value of such structured securities
and increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses to better determine the
appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities.  These
methodologies result in an improved NAIC Designation for such securities
compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies. 
The following tables summarize the ratings distribution of Life Insurance
Companies fixed maturity security portfolio by NAIC Designation, and the
distribution by composite AIG credit rating, which is generally based on
ratings of the three major rating agencies.  See Investments – Credit Ratings
herein for a full description of the composite AIG credit ratings. 

 The following table presents the fixed maturity
security portfolio of Life Insurance Companies categorized by NAIC Designation,
at fair value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NAIC Designation 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,714 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,029 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,801 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,739 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   413 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,086 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110,829 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,502 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,422 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87,125 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,120 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   147,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,040 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   442 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,006 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   156,251 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes $4.5
billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available
because they are not held in legal entities within Life Insurance Companies
that require a statutory filing. 

 The
following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio of Life
Insurance Companies    categorized by composite AIG credit rating, at fair value: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   CCC and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Composite AIG Credit Rating 
   
  
     
   
  
   AAA/AA/A 
   
  
     
   
  
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   BB 
   
  
     
   
  
   B 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lower 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,758 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,156 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,692 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,808 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,915 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   110,829 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,312 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,664 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,266 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,033 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,459 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,422 
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,070 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,508 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   132,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,841 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,874 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,673 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   156,251 
   
  
 


 *  Excludes $4.5
billion of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available
because they are not held in legal entities within Life Insurance Companies
that require a statutory filing. 

 Credit Ratings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2015, approximately 90 percent of our fixed
maturity securities were held by our domestic entities. Approximately 16
percent of such securities were rated AAA by one or more of the principal
rating agencies, and approximately 17 percent were rated below investment
grade or not rated. Our investment decision process relies primarily on
internally generated fundamental analysis and internal risk ratings.
Third-party rating services’ ratings and opinions provide one source of
independent perspective for consideration in the internal analysis. 


 


 
  
   
   116 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 A significant portion of our
foreign entities’ fixed maturity securities portfolio is rated by Moody’s
Investors’ Service Inc. (Moody’s), Standard & Poor’s Financial Services
LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (S&P), or similar
foreign rating services. Rating services are not available for some
foreign-issued securities. Our Credit Risk Management department closely
reviews the credit quality of the foreign portfolio’s non-rated fixed maturity
securities. At  December 31, 2015, approximately 16 percent of such
investments were either rated AAA or, on the basis of our internal analysis,
were equivalent from a credit standpoint to securities rated AAA, and
approximately 5 percent were below investment grade or not rated. Approximately
44 percent of the foreign entities’ fixed maturity securities portfolio is
comprised of sovereign fixed maturity securities supporting policy liabilities
in the country of issuance. 

 Composite
AIG Credit Ratings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 With respect to our fixed maturity investments, the credit
ratings in the table below and in subsequent tables reflect: (a) a
composite of the ratings of the three major rating agencies, or when agency
ratings are not available, the rating assigned by the NAIC SVO (over 99 percent
of total fixed maturity investments), or (b) our equivalent internal
ratings when these investments have not been rated by any of the major rating
agencies or the NAIC.  The “Non-rated” category in those tables consists
of fixed maturity securities that have not been rated by any of the major
rating agencies, the NAIC or us.  

 See Enterprise Risk Management herein for a discussion of
credit risks associated with Investments. 

 The following table presents the composite AIG credit
ratings of our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair
value:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Available for Sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other fixed maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,222 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,785 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,344 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,730 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35,551 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,954 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,741 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,693 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,781 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,522 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56,935 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   71,766 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75,607 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71,952 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   75,857 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,305 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,438 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,954 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   183,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196,179 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,341 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   188,879 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202,520 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   backed and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,096 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,003 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,078 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,549 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,711 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,627 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,462 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,606 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,878 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,394 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,813 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,891 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,433 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,638 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,376 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,314 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29,409 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,690 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   76,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,051 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,246 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,978 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,635 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,881 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,347 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   40,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   915 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,773 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,262 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,581 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,203 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,299 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60,400 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,035 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,160 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79,420 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   683 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   76,843 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,290 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,943 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,027 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,904 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,617 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41,847 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   42,644 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   936 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,041 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,140 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   265,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   279,571 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   117 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Available‑for‑Sale
Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the fair value of our
available‑for‑sale securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,992 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and
  political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,659 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,095 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   135,988 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,433 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,275 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,680 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,629 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   264,254 
   
  
 


 *    At  December 31, 2015 and 2014,  the fair value of bonds available for sale held by us that were below
investment grade or not rated totaled $34.9 billion and
$35.1 billion, respectively. 

    

 The
following table presents the fair value of our aggregate credit exposures to
non-U.S. governments for our fixed maturity securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Japan 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,416 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,728 
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   832 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315 
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   614 
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   648 
   
  
 
   
   Mexico 
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   639 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   619 
   
  
 
   
   Singapore 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   545 
   
  
 
   
   Chile 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,710 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,752 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,097 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   118 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table presents
the fair value of our aggregate European credit exposures by major sector for
our fixed maturity securities:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sovereign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Institution 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporates 
   
  
     
   
  
   Products 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Euro-Zone countries: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   France 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   784 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,019 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,018 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,498 
   
  
 
   
   Netherlands 
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
     
   
  
   991 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,276 
   
  
 
   
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   832 
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,155 
   
  
 
   
   Ireland 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   598 
   
  
     
   
  
   674 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
 
   
   Spain 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   968 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,557 
   
  
 
   
   Italy 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   863 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,009 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,245 
   
  
 
   
   Belgium 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   855 
   
  
     
   
  
   973 
   
  
 
   
   Luxembourg 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   496 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
 
   
   Finland 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
 
   
   Austria 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
 
   
   Other - EuroZone 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   929 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
 
   
   Total Euro-Zone 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,245 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,919 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,491 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,805 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,209 
   
  
 
   
   Remainder of Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   661 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,642 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,286 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,076 
   
  
 
   
   Switzerland 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,941 
   
  
 
   
   Sweden 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   827 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   688 
   
  
     
   
  
   846 
   
  
 
   
   Russian Federation 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
 
   
   Other - Remainder of Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   198 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   443 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
 
   
   Total - Remainder of Europe 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,591 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,821 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,816 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,885 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,803 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,836 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,740 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,307 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,690 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,012 
   
  
 


   

 Investments
in Municipal Bonds 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2015, the U.S. municipal bond portfolio was
composed primarily of essential service revenue bonds and high-quality
tax-backed bonds with over 95 percent of the portfolio rated A or higher. 


 


 
  
   
   119 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The
following table presents the fair values of our available for sale U.S.
municipal bond portfolio by state and municipal bond type: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   State 
   
  
     
   
  
   Local 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Fair Value 
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   620 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,116 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
     
   
  
   663 
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,707 
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
   328 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,534 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,553 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,356 
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,486 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,417 
   
  
 
   
   Washington 
   
  
     
   
  
   530 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   685 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,278 
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   980 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
 
   
   Virginia 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   808 
   
  
     
   
  
   878 
   
  
     
   
  
   918 
   
  
 
   
   Georgia 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
   870 
   
  
     
   
  
   819 
   
  
 
   
   Washington DC 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   548 
   
  
     
   
  
   705 
   
  
     
   
  
   607 
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   269 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   676 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
 
   
   Arizona 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
   734 
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   531 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
 
   
   All other states (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,150 
   
  
 
   
   Total (b)(c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,474 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,653 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,323 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,659 
   
  
 


 (a) We did not have material credit exposure to the government
of Puerto Rico. 

 (b) Excludes certain university and not-for-profit entities
that issue their bonds in the corporate debt market. Includes industrial
revenue bonds. 

 (c)  Includes $2.9 billion of pre-refunded municipal bonds. 

 Investments in Corporate Debt Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the industry categories of
our available for sale corporate debt securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industry
  Category 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  institutions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Money Center /Global Bank Groups 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,104 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,682 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — other 
   
  
     
   
  
   568 
   
  
     
   
  
   543 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,295 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,575 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Securities firms and other finance
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   380 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Insurance non-life 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,625 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Regional banks — North America 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,823 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,636 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other financial institutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,808 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,169 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Utilities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,497 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,249 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Communications 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,316 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer noncyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,792 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital goods 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,973 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,594 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Energy (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,861 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,494 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consumer cyclical 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,197 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,187 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,952 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,988 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   144,433 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) The Utilities and Energy amounts at December 31, 2014, have
been revised from $23.7 billion and $12.0 billion to $19.2 billion and $16.5
billion, respectively, to conform to current industry classification, which are
not considered material to previously issued financial statements. 


 


 
  
   
   120 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (b) At December 31, 2015 and December 31,
2014, approximately 91 percent and 93 percent, respectively, of these
investments were rated investment grade. 

 Our
investments in the energy category, as a percentage of total investments in
available-for-sale fixed maturities, were 5.6 percent and 6.4 percent at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The decline in energy exposure
from December 31, 2014 resulted from unrealized losses due to reduction in the
energy sector pricing, sales of securities and other-than-temporary
impairments.  While the energy investments are primarily investment grade
and are actively managed, the category continues to experience volatility that
could adversely affect credit quality and fair value. 

 Investments
in RMBS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents AIG’s RMBS available for
sale investments by year of vintage: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,096 
   
  
     
   
  
   871 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,724 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,944 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,382 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,800 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,310 
   
  
 
   
   2010 and
  prior * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,233 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
 
   
   Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   799 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,625 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,234 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,428 
   
  
 
   
   2010 and
  prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,324 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,551 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,410 
   
  
 
   
   Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 and
  prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,001 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,001 
   
  
 
   
   Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2010 and
  prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,376 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,423 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,376 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,423 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   121 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,882 
   
  
 
   
   2010 and
  prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,047 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,650 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,063 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Other housing related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   819 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   623 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
approximately $13.2 billion and $13.5 billion at December 31, 2015, and
December 31, 2014, respectively, of certain RMBS that had experienced
deterioration in credit quality since their origination.  See Note 5 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on Purchased Credit
Impaired (PCI) Securities. 

 The
following table presents our RMBS available for sale investments by credit
rating: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,884 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,699 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   546 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   911 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,779 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,937 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Total RMBS (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
 
   
   Agency RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,405 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,551 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,410 
   
  
 
   
   Alt-A RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,559 
   
  
 
   
   Total Alt-A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,001 
   
  
 
   
   Subprime
  RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   252 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,829 
   
  
 
   
   Total Subprime 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,376 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,423 
   
  
 
   
   Prime
  non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,986 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,076 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,169 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Total prime non-agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,650 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,063 
   
  
 
   
   Total Other housing related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   819 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   623 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   122 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (a) Includes certain RMBS that had
experienced deterioration in credit quality since their origination. See Note 5
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on PCI
Securities. 

 (b) The weighted average expected life was six years at both December
31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. 

 Our underwriting practices for investing in RMBS, other
asset‑backed securities and CDOs take into consideration the quality of
the originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying
characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of
credit enhancement in the transaction. 

 Investments in CMBS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents our CMBS available for
sale investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS (traditional) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,132 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,265 
   
  
 
   
   Agency 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   817 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the fair value of our CMBS available for sale
investments by rating agency designation and by vintage year: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Below 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   Grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
   
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   404 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   465 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,933 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,798 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,187 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   737 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,092 
   
  
 
   
   2010 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
     
   
  
   700 
   
  
     
   
  
   635 
   
  
     
   
  
   738 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,640 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,712 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,805 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,262 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   183 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,764 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   442 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,275 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,351 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
 
   
   2010 and prior 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,119 
   
  
     
   
  
   626 
   
  
     
   
  
   814 
   
  
     
   
  
   843 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,993 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,395 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,553 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,332 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   981 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,993 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   123 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table presents
our CMBS available for sale investments by geographic region: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Geographic
  region: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,149 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,759 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,305 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   831 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   457 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Virginia 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
     
   
  
   323 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Georgia 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
   286 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Maryland 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   North Carolina 
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   All Other * 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,970 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    Includes Non-U.S.
locations. 

 The
following table presents our CMBS available for sale investments by industry:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industry: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retail 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Office 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,896 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,652 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Multi-family * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,889 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Lodging 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Industrial 
   
  
     
   
  
   868 
   
  
     
   
  
   679 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   838 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    Includes Agency-backed CMBS. 

 The fair value of CMBS holdings remained stable throughout
2015. The majority of our investments in CMBS are in tranches that contain
substantial protection features through collateral subordination. The majority
of CMBS holdings are traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified
across property types and geographical areas. 


 


 
  
   
   124 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Investments
in CDOs 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents our CDO available for sale
investments by collateral type:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Collateral Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bank loans (CLO) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,962 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,683 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,071 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents our CDO available for sale investments by credit
rating: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value at 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value at 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,922 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,543 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,135 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,317 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
 
   
   Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,071 
   
  
 


 Commercial Mortgage Loans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2015, we had direct commercial mortgage
loan exposure of $22.1 billion of which, approximately 99 percent of
the loans were current.   

 The following table presents the commercial mortgage
loan exposure by location and class of loan based on amortized cost: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   823 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   516 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   186 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,960 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   547 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   533 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,696 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,304 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   441 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   324 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   956 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   617 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Connecticut 
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   570 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Ohio 
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,118 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,073 
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   471 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   520 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,074 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   849 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,919 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,845 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,098 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,067 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   125 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New York 
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   545 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   215 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,372 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   California 
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   635 
   
  
     
   
  
   389 
   
  
     
   
  
   472 
   
  
     
   
  
   597 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,591 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   New Jersey 
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Florida 
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   335 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,084 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Texas 
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Illinois 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   637 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Massachusetts 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   198 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   553 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Colorado 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Connecticut 
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   279 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pennsylvania 
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   432 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other states 
   
  
   349 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   920 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,140 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,883 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
   142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   636 
   
  
     
   
  
   678 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,054 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total * 
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,384 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,677 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,817 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,909 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Does not
reflect allowance for credit losses. 

 See Note 6 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on commercial
mortgage loans. 

 Impairments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The
following table presents impairments by investment type: 

   

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary Impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities, available
  for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities, available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity funds and hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
 
   
   Other impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   971 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
 
   
      Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   582 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,334 
   
  
 


 Our investments in life settlements are monitored for
impairment on a contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life
settlements is considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting
from the expected proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated
future carrying amount, which is the current carrying amount for the investment
in life settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums and other
capitalizable future costs, if any. Impaired investments in life settlements
are written down to their estimated fair value which is determined on a
discounted cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality assumptions
and market yields. 

 In late 2015, several insurance providers gave notice of
increases in policy premiums related to our investments in life settlements. 
The increase in premiums required to keep policies in force results in lower
future expected net cash flows which are insufficient to recover our net
investment on certain policies. 

 Other-Than-Temporary Impairments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 To determine other-than-temporary impairments, we use
fundamental credit analyses of individual securities without regard to rating
agency ratings. Based on this analysis, we expect to receive cash flows
sufficient to cover the amortized cost of all below investment grade securities
for which credit impairments were not recognized. 


 


 
  
   
   126 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following tables present
other-than-temporary impairment charges recorded in earnings on fixed maturity
securities, equity securities, private equity funds and hedge funds. 

 Other-than-temporary impairment charges by reportable
segment and impairment type: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   238 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   350 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   162 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   178 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
 


 Other-than-temporary
impairment charges by investment type and impairment type:  

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Fixed 
   
  
   Equities/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   RMBS 
   
  
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
   CMBS 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
    Invested Assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For
  the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment
  Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific
  credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   348 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse
  projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   671 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   127 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment
  Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific
  credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse
  projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   For the
  Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Impairment
  Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  intent 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign
  currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific
  credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse
  projected cash flows  
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
 


 *    Includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on private
equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments. 

 Other-than-temporary
impairment charges by investment type and credit rating:  

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Fixed 
   
  
   Equities/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   RMBS 
   
  
   CDO/ABS 
   
  
   CMBS 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
    Invested Assets * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   For
  the Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   671 
   
  
 
   
   For the
  Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   For the
  Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   A 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
 
   
   Non-rated 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   232 
   
  
 


 *    Includes other-than-temporary impairment charges on
private equity funds, hedge funds and direct private equity investments. 


 


 
  
   
   128 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 We
recorded other-than-temporary impairment charges in the years ended December
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 related to: 

 •    
 issuer-specific credit events;  

 •    
 securities that we intend to sell or for which it is more likely than
not that we will be required to sell; 

 •    
 declines due to foreign exchange rates;  

 •    
 adverse changes in estimated cash flows on certain structured
securities; and 

 •    
 securities that experienced severe market valuation declines. 

 In addition,
impairments are recorded on real estate and investments in life settlements. 

 In periods subsequent to the recognition of an
other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity
securities that is not foreign-exchange related, we generally prospectively
accrete into earnings the difference between the new amortized cost and the
expected undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining life of the
security. The accretion that was recognized for these securities in earnings
was $735 million in 2015, $725 million in 2014 and $774 million in 2013. See
Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our
other-than-temporary impairment accounting policy. 

 The following table shows the aging of the pre-tax
unrealized losses of fixed maturity and equity securities, the extent to which
the fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the number of
respective items in each category: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
   Less Than or Equal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 20% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Greater Than 50% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   to 20% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   to 50% of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of Cost (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total  
   
  
 
   
   Aging (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars
  in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
   Items (e)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss (d)  
   
  
   Items (e)  
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  grade 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,961 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   815 
   
  
   5,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   408 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   115 
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,369 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   930 
   
  
   5,598 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,342 
   
  
   3,594 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   275 
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,617 
   
  
   3,795 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
   938 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   733 
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,267 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,247 
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   65,978 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,658 
   
  
   10,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,832 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,123 
   
  
   466 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
   10,520 
   
  
 
   
   Below
  investment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   grade bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,024 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   199 
   
  
   2,341 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   567 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168 
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,608 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   378 
   
  
   2,454 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
   814 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,912 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
   949 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   324 
   
  
   766 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   871 
   
  
     
   
  
   278 
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   845 
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,894 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   691 
   
  
   3,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   505 
   
  
   432 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   409 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   260 
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,940 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,456 
   
  
   4,452 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-6 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,985 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,014 
   
  
   7,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   975 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   283 
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,977 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,308 
   
  
   8,052 
   
  
 
   
   7-11 months 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,510 
   
  
   4,408 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,260 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
   333 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,850 
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
 
   
   12 months
  or more 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   825 
   
  
   1,704 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,011 
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
   2,176 
   
  
 
   
   Total (e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79,872 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,349 
   
  
   13,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,469 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,628 
   
  
   898 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   430 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   273 
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,771 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
   14,972 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   0-11 months 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   280 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   174 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   280 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   315 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   174 
   
  
 


 (a) Represents the number of consecutive months that fair value
has been less than cost by any amount. 

 (b) Represents the percentage by which fair value is less than
cost at December 31, 2015. 

 (c)  For bonds, represents amortized cost. 

 (d) The effect on Net income of unrealized losses after taxes
will be mitigated upon realization because certain realized losses will result
in current decreases in the amortization of certain DAC. 

 (e) Item count is by CUSIP by subsidiary. 


 


 
  
   
   129 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Change
in Unrealized Gains and Losses on Investments  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The change in net unrealized gains and losses on
investments in 2015 was primarily attributable to decreases in the fair value
of fixed maturity securities. For 2015, net unrealized gains related to fixed
maturity and equity securities decreased by $10.2 billion due primarily to
the rise in rates, widening of credit spreads, and the sale of equity
securities. 

 The change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments
in 2014 was primarily attributable to increases in the fair value of fixed
maturity securities. For 2014, net unrealized gains related to fixed maturity
and equity securities increased by $7.3 billion due to a decrease in
interest rates on investment grade fixed maturity securities, partially offset
by the widening of spreads. 

 See also Note 5, Investments to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion of our investment portfolio. 








   

 
  
   
   Insurance Reserves 
   
  
 


 The following section provides discussion of insurance
reserves for both the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the Life Insurance
Companies, including Eaglestone Reinsurance Company, which is reported in
Corporate and Other.     

 Non-Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following section provides discussion of the
consolidated liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses for the
Non-Life Insurance Companies. 

 The following table presents the components of AIG’s
gross loss reserves by major lines of business on a U.S. statutory basis (a) : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 (b) 
   
  
 
   
   Other liability occurrence (including
  asbestos and environmental) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,856 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,988 
   
  
 
   
   Workers' compensation (net of discount) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,978 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,014 
   
  
 
   
   Other liability claims made 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,006 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,632 
   
  
 
   
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,823 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,350 
   
  
 
   
   Auto liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,814 
   
  
 
   
   Accident and health 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,972 
   
  
 
   
   Products liability 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,678 
   
  
 
   
   Medical malpractice 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,520 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,340 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage guaranty / credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   733 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,944 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
 
   
   Total U.S. & Canada  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,890 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,729 
   
  
 
   
   Total International  (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,052 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,531 
   
  
 


 (a) Presented by
lines of business pursuant to statutory reporting requirements as prescribed by
the NAIC. 

 (b) 2014 reflects
the reclassification of International reserves to major lines of business. 

 (c) The decrease
was primarily the effect of foreign exchange on gross reserves, a payment on a
large loss, and the net of other claim payments and reserve movements. 


 


 
  
   
   130 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Gross loss reserves represent the accumulation of estimates
of ultimate losses, including estimates for IBNR and loss expenses, less
estimated salvage and subrogation and applicable discount. The Non-Life
Insurance Companies regularly review and update the methods and assumptions
used to determine loss reserve estimates and to establish the resulting
reserves. Any adjustments resulting from this review are reflected in pre‑tax
operating income. Because loss reserve estimates are subject to the outcome of
future events, changes in estimates are unavoidable given that loss trends vary
and time is often required for changes in trends to be recognized and
confirmed. Reserve changes that increase prior years’ estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve
strengthening. Reserve changes that decrease prior years’ estimates of ultimate
cost are referred to as favorable development. 
See MD&A Critical Accounting Estimates – Details of the Loss Reserving
Process. 

 Net loss
reserves represent gross loss reserves reduced by reinsurance recoverable, net
of an allowance for unrecoverable reinsurance . 

 The
following table presents the components of net loss reserves: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Gross loss reserves before reinsurance
  and discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,090 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,337 
   
  
 
   
   Less: discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,077) 
   
  
 
   
   Gross loss reserves, net of discount,
  before reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
 
   
   Less: reinsurance recoverable * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,339) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,648) 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
 


 * Includes $1.8
billion and $1.5 billion of reinsurance recoverable under a retroactive
reinsurance agreement at December 31, 2015, and December 31, 2014, respectively. 

 Gross loss
reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual deductible
recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately $12.6 billion
and $12.4 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These
recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with high deductibles
(meaning, the policy attachment point is above high dollar amounts retained by
the insured through self-insured retentions, deductibles, retrospective
programs, or captive arrangements; each referred to generically as
“deductibles”), primarily for U.S. commercial casualty business. With respect
to deductible portion of the claim the Non-Life Insurance Companies manage and
pay the entire claim on behalf of the insured and are reimbursed by the insured
for the deductible portion of the claim. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, the
Non-Life Insurance Companies held collateral of approximately $9.6 billion
and $9.4 billion, respectively, for these deductible recoverable amounts,
consisting primarily of letters of credit and assets in trusts. 

 The
following table classifies the components of net loss reserves by business
unit: 

    

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Property Casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,620 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,065 
   
  
 
   
   Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,538 
   
  
 
   
   Specialty 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,786 
   
  
 
   
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,079 
   
  
 
   
   Total Commercial Property Casualty  
   
  
     
   
  
   51,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,468 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   713 
   
  
     
   
  
   977 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Personal lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,661 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,763 
   
  
 
   
   Accident and health 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,878 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,641 
   
  
 
   
   Other run-off insurance lines * 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,526 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   131 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 * In 2015, $1.2 billion of loss
reserves for certain environmental liability, healthcare, casualty, and
specialty coverages, previously reported in Commercial Casualty and Specialty
lines of business, were transferred to other run-off insurance lines. 

 Discounting
of Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the components of loss
reserve discount included above: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. workers' compensation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tabular 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   635 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   218 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   853 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   623 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   852 
   
  
 
   
   Non-tabular 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   746 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,288 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   689 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,214 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Total reserve discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,177 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   971 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,148 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   929 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,077 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the net reserve discount benefit (charge): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property 
   
  
     
   
  
   Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
   Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Current accident year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   175 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   175 
   
  
 
   
   Accretion and other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   adjustments to prior 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   year discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   (262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (336) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (145) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (235) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   (123) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of interest rate 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   225 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (272) 
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of re-pooling 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    benefit (charge) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (407) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
 
   
   Amount transferred to run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net change in total reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   discount 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (407) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (478) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   631 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309 
   
  
 
   
   Comprised of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Workers' 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   compensation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (385) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (456) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (322) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   649 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
 


 U.S. Workers’
Compensation 

 The Non-Life
Insurance Companies discount certain workers’ compensation reserves in
accordance with practices prescribed or permitted by New York, Pennsylvania and
Delaware. New York rules generally do not permit non-tabular discounting on
IBNR and prescribe a fixed 5 percent discount rate for application to case
reserves. Pennsylvania permits non-tabular discounting of IBNR and, commencing
in 2013, approved variable discount  rates determined
using risk-free rates based on the U.S. Treasury forward yield curve plus a
liquidity margin,  applicable to IBNR and case
reserves. Delaware has permitted discounting on the same basis as the
Pennsylvania domiciled companies. 

 The net
increase in workers’ compensation discount in 2015 of $75 million was partially
due to the increase in forward yield curve rates used for discounting under the
prescribed or permitted practices. The increase in the forward yield curve
component of the discount rates resulted in a $225 million increase in the loss
reserve discount, as Treasury rates generally increased along the payout
pattern horizon in 2015. In addition, the effects of the discount attributable
to newly established  
 


 
  
   
   132 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 reserves for accident year 2015
increased the discount by $182 million in 2015. These increases were partially
offset by a $332 million reduction for accident years 2014 and prior, primarily
from accretion of discount on reserves during 2015.   

 On January 1,
2014, the Non-Life Insurance Companies merged their two internal pooling
arrangements into one pool, and changed the participation percentages of the
pool members resulting in a reallocation of reserves from New York domiciled
companies to those domiciled in Pennsylvania and Delaware. As a result of these
changes in the participation percentages and domiciliary states of the
participants of the combined pool, the Non-Life Insurance Companies recognized
a discount benefit of $110 million in the first quarter of 2014. 

 Annual Reserving
Conclusion  

 AIG net loss
reserves represent our best estimate of the liability for net losses and loss
adjustment expenses as of December 31, 2015. While we regularly review the
adequacy of established loss reserves, there can be no assurance that our
recorded loss reserves will not develop adversely in future years and
materially exceed our loss reserves as of December 31, 2015. In our opinion,
such adverse development and resulting increase in reserves are not likely to
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition,
although such events could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
results of operations for an individual reporting period. 

 The
following table presents the rollforward of net loss reserves: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,782 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,061) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (617) 
   
  
 
   
   Other, including dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
 
   
   Change due to retroactive asbestos
  reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current year, undiscounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,171 
   
  
 
   
   Prior years unfavorable development,
  undiscounted * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
 
   
   Change in discount 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,419 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,358 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,431 
   
  
 
   
   Prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,205 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,886 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,780 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,211 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
 


 * See
tables below for details of prior year development by business unit, accident
year and major class of business. 

    


 


 
  
   
   133 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table summarizes
development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred losses and loss expenses
for prior years, net of reinsurance, by business unit and major class of
business: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Prior accident year development by major
  class of business: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Property Casualty - U.S. &
  Canada: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (36) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (144) 
   
  
 
   
   Financial lines including professional
  liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   579 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
 
   
   On-going Environmental  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
   Primary casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss-sensitive (offset by premium
  adjustments below) (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   445 
   
  
     
   
  
   409 
   
  
 
   
   Healthcare 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
 
   
   Property excluding natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
 
   
   Natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Total Commercial Property Casualty - U.S.
  & Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,386 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   733 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Property Casualty
  International: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Excess casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
   Primary casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
 
   
   Financial lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Specialty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
 
   
   Property excluding natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
   Natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Commercial Property Casualty -
  International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Commercial Property Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,480 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Personal Insurance - U.S. &
  Canada: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance - U.S.
  & Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (115) 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Personal Insurance -
  International: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural catastrophes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance -
  International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
 
   
   Run-off Insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos and environmental (1986 and
  prior) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
   Run-off environmental 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
 
   
   Run-off healthcare (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other run-off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Total Run-off Insurance Lines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   727 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   557 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Premium adjustments on primary casualty
  loss sensitive business 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year development, net of
  premium adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   598 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   468 
   
  
 


 (a) Represents prior year development on active
retrospectively rated components of risk-sharing policies. 

 (b) In 2015, includes $30 million of non-operating adverse
prior year development. 


 


 
  
   
   134 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Net Loss
Development 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In determining the loss development from prior accident
years, we consider and evaluate inputs from many sources, including actual
claims data, the performance of prior reserve estimates, observed industry
trends, our internal peer review processes (including challenges and
recommendations from our Enterprise Risk Management group) as well as the views
of third party actuarial firms.  We use these inputs to improve our
evaluation techniques, and to analyze and assess the change in estimated
ultimate loss for each accident year by class of business. Our analyses produce
a range of indications from various methods, from which we select our best
estimate. 

 We analyze and evaluate the change in estimated ultimate
loss for each accident year by class of business. For example, if loss
emergence for a class of business is different than expected for certain
accident years, we examine the indicated effect such emergence would have on
the reserves of that class of business. In some cases, the lower or higher than
expected emergence may result in no clear change in the ultimate loss estimate
for the accident years in question, and no adjustment would be made to the
reserves for the class of business. In other cases, the lower or higher than
expected emergence may result in a change, either favorable or unfavorable. As
appropriate, we make adjustments in response to the difference between the
actual and expected loss emergence for each accident year. As part of our
reserving process, we also consider notices of claims received with respect to
emerging and/or evolving issues, in particular those related to complex,
claims-related class action litigation and latent exposure claims. Our analyses
and conclusions about prior year reserves also help inform our judgments about
the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratio selected
(Commercial: 66.2 points; Consumer: 54.0 points; Mortgage Guaranty: 25.1 points)
and the current year’s addition to reserves. 

 In 2015 and 2014, we recognized $4.1 billion and $703
million of adverse development, respectively, driven in each period by adverse
loss development in Commercial Property Casualty and Run-off Insurance Lines partially
offset by Consumer Personal Insurance and Mortgage Guaranty business. In 2013,
we recognized $557 million of adverse development primarily due to the adverse
prior year loss reserve development in Commercial Property Casualty, Mortgage
Guaranty business and Run-off Insurance Lines, partially offset by Consumer
Personal Insurance. 

 See Results of Operations — Commercial Insurance and Results
of Operations — Consumer Personal Insurance Results herein for further
discussion of net loss development. 

 The following is a discussion of the primary reasons for the
development in 2015, 2014 and 2013 of those classes of business that
experienced significant prior accident year development during the three-year
period. See MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates for a description of our
loss reserving process, basis for selections and sensitivities to certain
assumptions. 

 Commercial Property Casualty 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In 2015, the Commercial Property Casualty adverse prior year
loss reserve development of $3.5 billion was driven by Excess Casualty, Primary
Casualty, Environmental, Financial Lines, Healthcare and International Excess Casualty,
partially offset by Property excluding natural catastrophes and Natural
catastrophes. 

 In 2014, the Commercial Property Casualty adverse prior year
loss reserve development of $655 million was driven by Primary Casualty,
Environmental, International Financial Lines, and Healthcare, partially offset
by Natural catastrophes, International Primary Casualty and International
Commercial Property.  

 In 2013, the Commercial Property Casualty adverse prior year
loss reserve development of $355 million was driven by Primary Casualty,
International Financial Lines, Environmental, and Healthcare, partially offset
by Excess Casualty, Financial Lines, and Natural catastrophes. 

 Excess Casualty – U.S. & Canada 

 The excess casualty class presents unique challenges for
estimating the liability for unpaid losses. Our policies tend to attach at a
high layer above underlying policies, usually issued by other insurance
companies, which can limit our access to relevant information to help inform
our judgments. Our insureds are generally required to provide us with notice of
claims that exceed a  
 


 
  
   
   135 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 threshold, either expressed as a
proportion of our coverage attachment point (e.g., 50 percent of the
attachment) or for particular types of claims (e.g., death, quadriplegia). This
threshold is generally established well below our attachment point, to provide
us with a precautionary notice of claims that could potentially reach our excess
layer of coverage. This means that the majority of claims reported to us are closed
without payment by us because the claims never reach our layer, while the
claims that reach our layer and close with payment by us can be large and
highly variable. Thus, estimates of unpaid losses carry significant
uncertainty.  

 During 2015, Excess Casualty experienced $1.5 billion of
adverse development largely driven by worse than expected loss emergence reported
in 2015, including $1.2 billion (primarily for U.S. risks) in the fourth
quarter when we completed our scheduled detail valuation review for this class.
This increase was largely driven by adverse emergence in both general liability
and umbrella auto liability, reflecting worsening trends in the number and
nature of high severity losses. Approximately $411 million of the adverse
development is related to auto liability. We reacted to the adverse emergence
by updating our assumptions about loss severity, loss development patterns and
expected loss ratios for the most recent accident years. We have seen an
increasing trend in the frequency of high severity claims, especially in the umbrella
auto liability portfolio. We also observed deterioration in certain class
action claims that have complex coverage uncertainties and high limits
characterized by increases in new claims and/or demands reported in 2015 and
progress towards potential settlements, which have further informed our
actuarial projections of ultimate losses for these types of claims.  These
types of claim classes have the longest emergence period within the excess
casualty class and can impact multiple accident years, and are therefore
inherently more volatile.  In addition, we also increased losses associated
with bad-faith claims by approximately $120 million reflecting an increase in
recent settlements. These types of claims have the longest emergence period within
the excess casualty class and can impact multiple accident years, and are
therefore inherently more volatile.  

 During 2014, Excess Casualty experienced $36 million of
favorable development largely driven by savings on a few large claims. In our
Excess Umbrella analysis in 2014, our revised segmentation led to lower 2005
and subsequent accident year estimates for non-mass tort claims where we expect
underwriting actions and reductions in policy limits to have a favorable effect
on ultimate losses from accident years 2007 to 2013 in particular. This was
entirely offset by higher selected ultimate losses for accident years 2004 and
prior as a result of updated loss development patterns for mass tort claims
which we segmented separately from the non-mass tort claims. 

 During 2013, Excess Casualty experienced $144 million of
favorable development due to favorable outcomes on some large cases from 2010
and lower than expected emergence in high layer Catastrophic Casualty business. 

 Primary Casualty – U.S. and Canada 

 Primary Casualty includes Workers’ Compensation, General
Liability and Auto Liability lines of business.  The business is segmented by
industry and where relevant, by geography. 

 Many of our primary casualty policies contain risk-sharing
features, including high deductibles, self-insured retentions or retrospective
rating features, in addition to a traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing
programs generally are large and complex, comprising multiple products, years
and structures, and are subject to amendment over time. As part of the year end
reserve review related to these policies, in addition to reviewing normal
development we enhanced our segmentation to better reflect the specified policy
features.  Based on the analysis, we increased our reserves by $540
million, primarily for accident years 2012 and prior and in the workers’
compensation class, to reflect estimated increased losses and reduced
expectations of future recoveries   from our
insureds through these risk-sharing features. 

 We also recognized $100 million of adverse prior year development
in Workers’ Compensation coverages sold to government contractors in U.S and
non-U.S. military installations as a result of adverse loss emergence from
several large accounts in the recent accident years. In addition, we reacted to
the adverse emergence by increasing our expected loss ratios in recent accident
years. 

 For the remainder of the primary workers’ compensation
portfolio our analysis was based on the refined segmentation from 2014, which
indicated that prior year loss reserve development was flat after taking into
account the initiatives that our claim function had undertaken to manage high
risk claims. 


 


 
  
   
   136 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 For Primary General Liability, we
increased our ultimate loss estimates for prior accident years by $146 million
largely related to coverage sold to the Construction sectors as we reacted to noteworthy
adverse loss emergence throughout the year, by changing our assumptions about
loss development and expected loss ratios. For construction, the adverse
development was driven by construction defect claims. The construction class is
being re-underwritten to reduce New York and U.S. residential exposures. 

 For Primary Auto liability, we have observed increases in
both the frequency and severity of claims occurring since the recovery from the
recent U.S. economic downturn, which have significantly outpaced the pricing rate
increases implemented during the same period. As a result, we recognized $144
million of adverse development during 2015 as we increased the expected loss
ratios for recent accident years to reflect the deteriorating trends. 

 We also-reassessed the reasonableness of our liability for
future claim handling expenses related to existing loss reserves and updated
our estimates to reflect the costs from recent investments in claims systems,
processes and people with the objective of improving our ability to better
manage total loss costs. We increased our reserve estimates by $214 million based
on refined analyses, $100 million of which was attributable to U.S. &
Canada primary casualty. The balance was distributed among other classes.  

 During 2014, we continued to refine our segmentation of
primary workers’ compensation into guaranteed cost and excess of large
deductible business by deductible size group.  The net result of the analysis
was adverse development of $137 million for the primary workers’ compensation
class of business. The key drivers of the adverse development in this class of
business were increases for guaranteed cost business in California and New
York, and increases for excess of large deductible business, as well as adverse
experience in the Construction class.  Each of these segments appears to have
been impacted by specific structural changes in the portfolio. For California
business, our tail factor increases were in response to changing long-term
medical development patterns. In New York, there has been a lengthening of the
period between the date of accident and the classification of non-scheduled
permanent partial injuries.  We completed a review of claim emergence and
payouts for our top six states in workers’ compensation and concluded that
California and New York were the main states where the loss development
patterns had materially changed since our last review. For excess of large
deductible business across all states, we updated our analyses to consider the
impact of changes in the mix of retentions that has occurred over time as the
data by retention band was becoming more credible.  For the Construction class,
we note that the construction sector has experienced a comparatively slow
recovery in payroll employment.  As a result of the diminished employment
opportunities in this industry sector, injured workers may experience limited
return-to-work opportunities, which moderate the shortening of claim duration
that normally accompanies a labor market recovery. For all other states
combined excluding California and New York, we saw favorable emergence in our
middle market Specialty Workers’ Compensation segment.  The net effect of these
revised selections had the greatest adverse effect on the Construction class of
business ($140 million adverse development) and the National Accounts class of
business ($125 million adverse development).  The most significant favorable
effect was in the Specialty Workers’ Compensation class of business ($155
million favorable development).  Our analysis considers our best estimate
expectations of medical inflation and loss costs trends and also reflects the
impacts of enhancements in our claim management and loss mitigation activities,
such as opioid management, fraud investigation and medical management.  

 For primary general liability in 2014, we increased our
ultimate loss estimates for prior years by $182 million. This was largely
driven by the construction segment as a result of several large construction
defect claims and increases in the costs of claims in New York associated with
New York Labor Law.  The construction results in California and New York
continue to be the main sources of adverse development in our guaranteed cost
primary general liability books although we did experience adverse development
from construction defect claims in other states in 2014. Our large account
primary non-construction general liability business was adversely impacted by
claim activity in the layers excess of large insured retentions and we
increased our loss development patterns for these layers to reflect the
changes. 

 For commercial auto in 2014, we reacted to an increase in
frequency of large claims in the accident years 2010 to 2013, where the
economic recovery has contributed to increased frequency and severity,
especially for those claims in excess of a client deductible of $500,000, which
generally take several years to emerge and settle. This led to adverse prior
year loss reserve development of $156 million for the automobile subset of
primary casualty. 


 


 
  
   
   137 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 During 2013, we continued to
refine the segmentation of our analyses of primary workers’ compensation, which
indicated that prior year loss reserve development was flat after taking into
account the initiatives that our claim function had undertaken to manage high
risk claims. 

 During 2013, for primary general liability, we increased our
reserves for prior years by approximately $355 million. Most of the increase
was driven by construction related primary general liability claims, especially
construction defect claims where we increased our ultimate loss estimates by
$219 million to reflect the higher than expected frequency and severity of
these claims especially in states that experienced heavy increases in
construction activity after the 2004 and 2005 hurricanes and during the housing
boom prior to 2007. Due to the subsequent home price declines observed in many
of these states, the frequency of reported losses has increased as the losses
subsequently represented a larger percentage of the equity values of the
affected homes, and homeowners increasingly looked to insurance recoveries as a
way to recoup some of that lost value. 

 Financial Lines – U.S. and Canada 

 Financial Lines business includes Director and Officer
(D&O) and Related Management Liability, various Professional Liability
classes of business as well as the Fidelity book of business.  The Financial
Lines book consists mostly of the D&O class of business.  

 During 2015, we recognized $579 million of adverse
development, primarily as a result of our scheduled annual detailed valuation
review conducted in the fourth quarter, driven largely by the adverse loss
emergence that we have seen over the last year, especially in D&O and Professional
Liability.  In particular, we have observed greater than expected loss costs
for several claims from accident years 2006 through 2010, driven by unfavorable
settlements and deterioration in known claims. We responded to this adverse
emergence by updating our loss development factors and expected loss ratio
assumptions for all accident years.  In addition, we recognized losses
associated with bad-faith claims primarily based on actual settlements in the
fourth quarter. 

 During 2014, we recognized $47 million of favorable
development driven by the Professional Liability and D&O and Related
Management Liability classes of business, somewhat offset by adverse
development on the Fidelity book in recent accident years due to the changing
economic cycle.   

 During 2013, we recognized $113 million of favorable
development driven somewhat evenly among the Professional Liability, Fidelity
and D&O and Related Management Liability classes of business. The year-end
2013 Professional Liability loss reserve actuarial review adopted a refined
segmentation for this class of business with the selection of differentiated
frequency and severity trends for various Professional Liability classes of
business which appear to be behaving differently in the post financial crisis
years than when reviewed in total. 

 Healthcare  

 During 2015, we recognized $207 million of adverse
development driven by deteriorating loss experience in accident years 2008 and
subsequent characterized by large claims in various segments including
hospitals, nursing homes, and pharmaceutical and medical products liability. We
reacted to these large claims by increasing our expected loss ratios for recent
accident years and putting physicians and surgeons and pharmaceutical and
medical products classes into runoff. 

 During 2014, we recognized $109 million of adverse
development in this class largely driven by three large and relatively unusual
claims of $25 million each in relatively recent accident years. While there
have not been any significant structural changes to the portfolio, there can be
material volatility in loss experience in this class of business where
individual claims can be of high severity. 

 During 2013, this class recognized $54 million of favorable
prior year development due to lower than expected loss emergence in many
classes such as Excess Hospital Liability. 


 


 
  
   
   138 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 International Casualty (Excess
and Primary Casualty) and Specialty 

 During 2015, we recognized $155 million of adverse prior
year development, primarily due to three large product liability claims in our
Casualty and Specialty lines totaling approximately $115 million. Two of these
claims arose in Japan, which is unusual for our portfolio in that market. 

 During 2014 and 2013, we had $97 million and $91 million of
favorable development, respectively.  The favorable development in each year was
due to lower than expected loss emergence in many classes and countries outside
the U.S., with the majority from various countries in the EMEA region. 

 Financial Lines – International 

 During 2014 we implemented an enhanced claims operating
model in Europe and Australasia which has provided our actuaries with more
detailed case reserve data and analysis, enabling AIG’s actuaries to react
sooner to case development than in prior years.   

 During 2015, we recognized $47 million of adverse prior year
development, driven by increased claims emergence and related updates to the
assumptions for loss development factors and expected loss ratios used in the
annual detailed valuation review for these reserves, primarily related to
Europe and Australasia risks.  

 During 2014, we recognized $182 million of adverse
development in the international Financial Lines segments, driven by large
claims emergence in the U.K., Australasia and Europe.  Multiple accident years
contributed to this total, but it was concentrated most heavily in accident
years 2008-2011.  The Australasia emergence was due to a number of specific
large losses in the Australia and New Zealand D&O business.  In Europe,
adverse prior year loss reserve development was concentrated in the D&O
class of business, where we have observed a greater incidence of severe claims
compared with prior years, and the Professional class of business, with large
losses from one insured.  

 During 2013, we recognized $74 million of adverse
development, all of which stemmed from losses in the D&O books in Europe,
UK and Australasia, with the other segments showing modest favorable
development.  The development we recognized can be directly linked to a small
number of specific claims booked throughout the year. 

 Natural Catastrophes 

 During 2015 and 2014, we experienced favorable property
catastrophe prior year development of $52 million and $102 million,
respectively, in our U.S. and Canada business, primarily due to favorable
development from several U.S. events in accident year 2013. We also experienced
favorable property catastrophe prior year loss reserve development of $44
million and $77 million from our international property class of business for
2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 During 2013, we experienced adverse development from Storm
Sandy totaling $108 million, or 5.4 percent of the 2012 estimate. This
development resulted from higher severities on a small number of large and
complex commercial claims driven by a number of factors including the extensive
damage caused to properties in the downtown New York metropolitan area. 

 

 Mortgage Guaranty  

 


 Mortgage Guaranty business includes domestic first liens (96
percent of total reserves) and run-off books in second liens, student loans and
international.  

 During 2015, we recognized $69 million of favorable prior
year loss reserve development driven by lower than expected frequency due to
improving cure rates.  Post-claim recoveries also contributed to favorable
prior year development. 

 During 2014, we recognized $104 million of favorable prior
year loss reserve development driven primarily by the benefit of a settlement
with a mortgage lender, steady increases in year-over-year first lien cure
rates, a reflection of the improved  
 


 
  
   
   139 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 economic
environment, and in part by favorable frequency trends and recoveries in second
lien claims.  Partially offsetting these improvements were upward trends in
severity, particularly for older (pre-2012) accident periods. 

 During 2013, we recognized $30 million of adverse prior
year loss reserve development due to unfavorable emergence of overturns of
prior claim cancellations and increased severity estimates in first liens,
partially offset by favorable frequency in student loans and a reduction in the
unallocated loss adjustment expense reserve. 

 

 Consumer Personal Insurance 

 


 During 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recognized $19 million, $77
million, and $155 million of favorable development, respectively.  

 During 2015 and 2014, we experienced favorable loss reserve
development of $10 million and $16 million, respectively, from Natural
Catastrophes.  

 The remaining $61 million of favorable development in 2014
was primarily from Homeowners, International Accident & Health and U.S.
Warranty. 

 

 Run-Off Insurance Lines 

 


 The following is a discussion of the primary reasons for the
Run-Off Insurance Lines development in 2015, 2014 and 2013 of those classes of
business that experienced significant prior accident year development during
the three-year period. 

 Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and prior) 

 Asbestos coverage has been excluded from AIG policies
commencing in 1985. Most of AIG’s asbestos reserves are ceded to National
Indemnity Company (NICO) under a retrospective reinsurance arrangement entered
into in 2011. However, certain asbestos-related exposures are not subject to
the NICO agreement, including asbestos exposures for which we have negotiated
fixed payment schedules, and third party reinsurance assumed policies. The
reported claim activity on the assumed claims has increased in the last year. As
a result, we modified certain of our loss-reserve-related assumptions to better
reflect this AIG-specific experience as well as consideration of recent
industry-wide trends regarding expanding coverage theories for liability. As a
result, we increased our 2015 reserves by $164 million and by $117 million for
Asbestos and Environmental, respectively. 

 Other Run-Off Insurance 

 During 2015, we transferred approximately $1.2 billion of
loss reserves, largely representing coverages we have not written for at least
five years, from Commercial Insurance into Run-off insurance lines. We
increased the reserves for these coverages by $272 million to reflect updated
assumptions about future loss development. 

 Excess Workers’ Compensation – U.S. 

 This class of business, which is reported in our run-off
unit, has an extremely long tail and is one of the most challenging classes of
business from a reserving perspective, particularly when the excess coverage is
provided above a self-insured retention layer. The class is highly sensitive to
small changes in assumptions, e.g. — in the rate of medical inflation or the
longevity of injured workers, which can have a significant effect on the
ultimate reserve estimate. 

 During 2015, this class of business did not experience
significant development in loss reserves. The proactive management of
settlement negotiations and other claims mitigation strategies minimized the
volatility observed during 2015. The nominal reduction in reserves as a result
of commutations and individual claims settlement strategies amounted to $222
million in 2015 compared to $242 million in 2014 and $25 million in 2013. 


 


 
  
   
   140 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 During 2014, we updated our
analyses of Excess Workers compensation using a range of scenarios and
methodologies and determined that our carried reserves were adequate after
recognizing $20 million of favorable prior year development as a result of
claim settlements and commutations of assumed reinsurance business, as well as
reflecting changes in estimates in our loss mitigation strategies.  We commuted
several large assumed reinsurance agreements in 2014 and reduced the reserves
faster than was previously expected as a result of our proactive management by
the run-off unit.   

 During 2013, we updated our analysis of Excess Workers’
Compensation reserves and determined that no changes to our carried reserves
were needed. We also updated our analysis of underlying claims cost drivers
used in 2012 through accident year 2004, discussed in more detail below. 

 As noted above, we write loss sensitive business within our
primary casualty portfolio. We recognized (return) additional premiums on loss
sensitive business of $(49) million, $105 million and $89 million in 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively, which entirely offset development in that business. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2015, we incurred
reinsurance reinstatement premiums of $(4) million, compared to $(2) million
and $27 million for 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 See MD&A — Critical Accounting Estimates —
Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses for further discussion
of our loss reserving process. 

 See Commercial Insurance and Consumer Personal Insurance
Results herein for further discussion of net loss development. 

 The
following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of    incurred losses and loss
adjustment expenses for prior years, net of reinsurance, by accident year: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Prior accident year development by
  accident year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accident Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   396 
   
  
     
   
  
   (283) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
 
   
   2011 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   296 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   217 
   
  
 
   
   2010 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   277 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (350) 
   
  
 
   
   2009 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
 
   
   2008 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   2007 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   2006 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
 
   
   2005 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   2004 and prior (see table below) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   901 
   
  
     
   
  
   729 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   557 
   
  
 


 Net
Loss Development by Accident Year 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For 2015,
the adverse development in accident years 2011 through 2014 was driven by
significantly greater actual versus expected loss emergence for primary and
excess Auto Liability, Financial Lines and Healthcare.  Individual large
claims in the non-Auto Excess Casualty and International Casualty books along
with deterioration in specific large accounts in the government contractors
workers’ compensation portfolio were concentrated in these most recent accident
years.  The impact of revised loss expectations based on emergence in
earlier accident years also contributed to the adverse development for Excess
Casualty and Financial Lines in this period.  In addition, our updated
assumptions for bad-faith claims and unallocated loss adjustment expenses disproportionately
impacted these years.  Accident years 2005 through 2010 were largely
impacted by updated loss development selections in Financial Lines and revised
estimates on expected future recoveries from risk-sharing policies in the Primary
Casualty portfolio.  For accident years 2004 and prior, the adverse
development was driven by  
 


 
  
   
   141 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Excess Casualty revised
tail factor selections, updated loss development selections for various run-off
portfolios, updated industry experience for asbestos and revised estimates on
expected future recoveries from risk-sharing policies. 

 For 2014,
the favorable development in accident years 2013 and 2012 was driven by
Financial Lines, Commercial Property and other short tailed lines, like
Personal Lines. For accident year 2007, the favorable development was driven by
U.S. and Canada Financial lines and Excess Casualty.  For accident years 2004
and prior, the adverse development was driven by the Excess Casualty results of
the a mass-tort resegmentation analysis, the updated primary workers’
compensation loss development selections (principally in California, New York
and the excess of deductible segments) as well as the run-off pollution
products business (1987-2004) and the asbestos and environmental (1986 and
prior) exposure.  

 For 2013,
the favorable development from accident year 2012 was driven primarily by
consumer lines and lower losses in domestic commercial property, while the
favorable development from accident year 2010 was primarily the result of
favorable claims emergence from domestic excess casualty and from liability and
financial lines coverage policies that are on a claims-made basis. The adverse
development from accident year 2011 was driven by large losses in financial
lines and adverse development in primary casualty, including the loss-sensitive
business.  The adverse development from accident year 2009 was driven by large
losses in financial lines and adverse development in primary casualty including
loss-sensitive business. The adverse development from accident years 2003 and
prior was primarily driven by loss development on toxic tort claims,
construction general liability claims and pollution product claims. 

 For certain
categories of claims (e.g., construction defect claims and environmental
claims) and for reinsurance recoverable, losses may sometimes be reclassified
to an earlier or later accident year as more information about the date of
occurrence becomes available to AIG. These reclassifications are shown as
development in the respective years in the tables above. 

 The
following table summarizes development, (favorable) or unfavorable, of incurred
losses and loss adjustment expenses for accident year 2004 and prior by major
class of business and driver of development: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   2004 and prior accident year development
  by major class of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   business and driver of development: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Excess Casualty - primarily mass torts (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   388 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Excess Casualty - all other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
 
   
   Primary Casualty - loss sensitive
  business 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Primary Casualty - all other (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
   Run-off environmental (1987 to 2004) (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos and Environmental (1986 and
  prior) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
   Commutations and Arbitrations (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
 
   
   All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
 
   
   Total prior year unfavorable development 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,605 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   901 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   729 
   
  
 


 (a) Updates of mass tort loss development patterns. 

 (b) Includes loss development on excess of deductible exposures
in workers’ compensation, general liability and commercial auto. 

 (c) Includes results of comprehensive specific large claim file
reviews initiated in 2012 and updated in 2013 and 2014. 

 (d) The effects of commutations are shown separately from the
related classes of business, primarily excess workers’ compensation.
Commutations are reflected for the years in which they were contractually
binding. 

 The main sources of unfavorable prior year development for
accident years 2004 and prior recorded in 2013 through 2015 are as follows: 

 •    
 Update of the mass tort loss development patterns and segmentation used
for U.S. Excess Casualty, which accounted for $689 million and other loss
emergence including specific large loss development totaling $408 million
across the three years;  

 •    
 Loss sensitive business that is entirely offset by premium adjustments
accounted for $14 million; 


 


 
  
   
   142 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 •    
 Update of the loss development patterns used for U.S. Primary Casualty
including loss development patterns used in guaranteed cost workers’
compensation for NY and CA construction class of business and updates to the
loss development patterns for business written on excess of deductible
exposures in workers’ compensation, general liability and the commercial auto
classes of business which collectively accounted for approximately $660 million
across the three years;  

 •    
 Update of the Environmental run-off portfolio’s losses following the
2012 comprehensive claims review that provided a more refined approach for the
development of actuarial estimates for toxic tort claims (which were found to
have a distinctly lengthier loss development pattern than other general
liability claims in the environmental portfolio) as well as a more appropriate
methodology for incorporating case reserving based estimates of ultimate loss
costs for complex claims involving environmental remediation and/or from
policies with high policy limits (greater than $5 million per policy). These
updates which commenced in 2012 and have been applied in each subsequent year,
accounted for approximately $385 million;  

 •    
 Update of our net retained asbestos and environmental exposure from 1986
and prior which accounted for approximately $472 million ($238 million
environmental and $234 million asbestos) across the three years; 

 •    
 Commutations in the three-year period ending December 31, 2015, accounted
for approximately $146 million.  These commutations serve to reduce the
uncertainty in AIG’s required reserves; and 

 •    
 Update of the assumptions for future loss development for the run-off
insurance lines, primarily for coverages we have not written in at least five
years, accounted for approximately $272 million of the All Other total amount
of $461 million across the three years.      

 During the period
2013 to 2015, we completed refinements of our reserving methodologies for U.S.
mass tort, toxic tort, retained asbestos, environmental and other specific
large losses. We also conducted extensive additional studies to corroborate our
judgments for our U.S. primary workers compensation and excess workers’
compensation classes of business. Further, we refined our loss reserving
methodologies for our U.S. Excess Casualty class of business and our U.S.
Primary Casualty class of business written over excess of deductible exposures
where loss development patterns may lengthen if client retentions increase over
time. Collectively, the reserves for the aforementioned classes of business or
loss exposures account for the majority of the remaining net loss reserves for
accident years 2004 and prior.  

 Asbestos
and Environmental Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Loss
Reserve Estimates - Asbestos and Environmental 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We consider a number of factors and recent experience, in
addition to the results of both external and internal analyses, to estimate
asbestos and environmental loss reserves. Nonetheless, we believe that
significant uncertainty remains as to our ultimate liability for asbestos and
environmental claims, which is due to several factors, including: 

 •    
 the long latency period between asbestos exposure and disease
manifestation, leading to the potential for involvement of multiple policy
periods for individual claims; 

 •    
 claims filed under the non‑aggregate premises or operations
section of general liability policies; 

 •    
 the number of insureds seeking bankruptcy protection and the effect of
prepackaged bankruptcies; 

 •    
 diverging legal interpretations; and 

 •    
 the difficulty in estimating the allocation of remediation cost among
various parties with respect to environmental claims. 

 In 2015, as in
prior years, both the retained accounts and retroceded accounts ground-up
reviews for asbestos were updated. As a result, we increased gross undiscounted
asbestos incurred losses by $13 million and increased net undiscounted
asbestos incurred losses by $164 million. The net undiscounted change
reflects an increase primarily due to third party assumed reinsurance
exposures. With the gross incurred loss increase less than the net incurred
loss increase, the resulting ceded incurred losses were reduced. For
environmental, we increased gross environmental incurred losses by
$214 million and net environmental incurred losses by $117 million as
a result of top‑down actuarial analyses performed during the year, as
well as development on a large sediment site. 


 


 
  
   
   143 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 In 2014, both the retained
accounts and retroceded accounts ground-up reviews for asbestos were updated.
As a result, we decreased gross undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by
$6 million and increased net undiscounted asbestos incurred losses by
$64 million. The net undiscounted increase reflects a buyout settlement on
a retained account as well as a reduction in estimated ceded loss reserves
(prior to the retroactive reinsurance retrocession). For environmental, we
increased gross environmental incurred losses by $140 million and net
environmental incurred losses by $60 million as a result of top‑down
actuarial analyses performed during the year as well as development on a number
of large accounts. 

 In 2013, we completed a ground‑up review of all our
remaining retained accounts for asbestos. In addition, a subsidiary of the
retrocessionaire for our retroactive reinsurance contract completed a ground‑up
asbestos study for the largest accounts it assumed. As a result, we increased
gross asbestos incurred losses by $169 million and net asbestos incurred
losses by $6 million. For environmental, we increased gross environmental
incurred losses by $98 million and net environmental incurred losses by
$61 million as a result of top‑down actuarial analyses performed
during the year as well as development on a number of large accounts. 

 In addition to the U.S. asbestos and environmental reserve
amounts shown in the tables below, the Non - Life Insurance Companies   also
have asbestos reserves relating to foreign risks written by non‑U.S.
entities of $121 million gross and $93 million net as of December 31, 2015. The
asbestos reserves relating to non‑U.S. risks written by non‑U.S.
entities were $132 million gross and $105 million net as of December 31, 2014. 

 The following table provides a summary of reserve
activity, including estimates for applicable IBNR, relating to asbestos and
environmental claims: 

 
  
   
   As of
  or for the Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at
  beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   388 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,896 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   427 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  net loss reserves due to retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and
  loss adjustment expenses incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Undiscounted 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and
  loss adjustment expenses incurred * 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and
  loss adjustment expenses paid * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (544) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (636) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (368) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (444) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at end of
  year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,595 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   446 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   388 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   529 
   
  
 
   
   Environmental: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at
  beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   313 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and
  loss adjustment expenses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and
  loss adjustment expenses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at end of
  year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   545 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   276 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   185 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   313 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   163 
   
  
 
   
   Combined: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at
  beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,485 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   573 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   692 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,205 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   590 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  net loss reserves due to retroactive reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   144 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Undiscounted 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   281 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   267 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and
  loss adjustment expenses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   285 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and
  loss adjustment expenses paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (581) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (721) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (537) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (119) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
 
   
   Liability
  for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   at end of
  year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,140 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   722 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,485 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   573 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,033 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   692 
   
  
 


 * These amounts
exclude benefit from retroactive reinsurance. 

 On
June 17, 2011, we completed a transaction under which the bulk of AIG
Property Casualty’s net domestic asbestos liabilities were transferred to
National Indemnity Company (NICO), a subsidiary of Berkshire
Hathaway, Inc. This was part of our ongoing strategy to reduce our overall
loss reserve development risk. This transaction covers potentially volatile
U.S.-related asbestos exposures. It does not, however, cover asbestos accounts
that we believe have already been reserved to their limit of liability or certain
other ancillary asbestos exposure assumed by AIG Property Casualty
subsidiaries. 

 Upon the
closing of this transaction, but effective as of January 1, 2011, we ceded the
bulk of AIG Property Casualty’s net domestic asbestos liabilities to NICO under
a retroactive reinsurance agreement with an aggregate limit of $3.5 billion.
Within this aggregate limit, NICO assumed collection risk for existing
third-party reinsurance recoverable associated with these liabilities. AIG
Property Casualty paid NICO approximately $1.67 billion as consideration for
this cession and NICO assumed approximately $1.82 billion of net U.S. asbestos
liabilities. As a result of this transaction, AIG Property Casualty recorded a
deferred gain of $150 million in the second quarter of 2011, which is being
amortized into income over the settlement period of the underlying claims. 

 Under
retroactive reinsurance arrangements any recoveries for development associated
with the ceded losses are not recognized immediately; rather this development
increases or decreases the deferred gain, which is amortized into income as
described above. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recognized approximately $233
million, $0 and $72 million, respectively, of adverse loss development that was
ceded under this reinsurance arrangement. This development, which is net of the
deferred gain amortization, is being reported in Other income/expense,
consistent with the way we manage the business and assess performance and is
therefore excluded from net losses incurred and our loss ratios to avoid
distortion of our ongoing insurance business. 

 IBNR Loss Reserve Estimates — Asbestos and
Environmental 

 The
following table presents the estimate of the gross and net IBNR included in the
Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, relating to asbestos
and environmental claims: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
 
   
   Asbestos 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,680 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   162 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,190 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Environmental 
   
  
     
   
  
   331 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
 
   
   Combined 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,011 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   333 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,520 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   166 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,284 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67 
   
  
 


 *    Net IBNR
includes the reduction due to the NICO reinsurance transaction of $912 million,
$803 million and $1,284 million as of December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively.  


 


 
  
   
   145 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  insurance reserves / NON-LIFE
INSURANCE COMPANIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Claim
Counts — Asbestos and Environmental 

 The
following table presents a summary of asbestos and environmental claims count
activity: 

 
  
   
   As of or for the Years  
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Asbestos 
   
  
   Environmental 
   
  
   Combined 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asbestos 
   
  
   Environmental 
   
  
   Combined 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asbestos 
   
  
   Environmental 
   
  
   Combined 
   
  
 
   
   Claims at beginning of year 
   
  
   4,049 
   
  
   1,240 
   
  
   5,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,680 
   
  
   1,517 
   
  
   6,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,230 
   
  
   1,614 
   
  
   6,844 
   
  
 
   
   Claims during year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Opened 
   
  
   279 
   
  
   209 
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
   126 
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
   306 
   
  
   389 
   
  
 
   
      Settled 
   
  
   (310) 
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
   (492) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (216) 
   
  
   (163) 
   
  
   (379) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
   (154) 
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
 
   
      Dismissed or otherwise 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         resolved 
   
  
   (509) 
   
  
   (350) 
   
  
   (859) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (545) 
   
  
   (240) 
   
  
   (785) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (439) 
   
  
   (249) 
   
  
   (688) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Claims at end of year 
   
  
   3,509 
   
  
   917 
   
  
   4,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,049 
   
  
   1,240 
   
  
   5,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,680 
   
  
   1,517 
   
  
   6,197 
   
  
 


 Survival
Ratios — Asbestos and Environmental 

 The following
table presents AIG’s survival ratios for asbestos and environmental claims at
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. The survival ratio is derived by dividing the
current carried loss reserve by the average payments for the three most recent
calendar years for these claims. Therefore, the survival ratio is a simplistic
measure estimating the number of years it would take before the current ending
loss reserves for these claims would be paid off using recent year average
payments.  

 Many factors,
such as aggressive settlement procedures, reinsurance commutations, mix of
business and level of coverage provided, have a significant effect on the
amount of asbestos and environmental reserves and payments and the resulting
survival ratio. Additionally, we primarily base our determination of these
reserves based on ground-up and top-down analyses, and not on survival ratios.
The net Asbestos survival ratio for 2015 was significantly impacted by both the
increase in net loss reserves as a result of our ground-up review, as well as
the by the large ceded reinsurance commutation executed in the fourth quarter
of 2015, the proceeds of which were booked a negative paid loss. 

 The
following table presents survival ratios for asbestos and environmental claims,
separately and combined, which were based upon a three-year average payment: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross
   
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
   
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross
   
   
  
   Net * 
   
  
 
   
   Survival ratios: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Asbestos 
   
  
   6.6 
   
  
   15.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.3 
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.6 
   
  
   10.5 
   
  
 
   
      Environmental 
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
   6.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.0 
   
  
   4.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6 
   
  
   3.9 
   
  
 
   
      Combined 
   
  
   6.8 
   
  
   13.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.9 
   
  
   7.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.8 
   
  
   9.4 
   
  
 


 *    Survival
ratios are calculated consistent with the basis on historical reserve excluding
the effects of the NICO reinsurance transaction. 



 
  



 Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following section provides discussion of deferred policy
acquisition costs and insurance reserves for Life Insurance Companies. 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions 

   

 The
Life Insurance Companies review and update estimated gross profit assumptions
used to amortize DAC and related items for investment-oriented products at
least annually. Estimated gross profit assumptions include net investment
income and spreads, net realized capital gains and losses, fees, surrender
charges, expenses, and mortality gains and losses. If the assumptions used for
estimated gross profits change significantly, DAC and related reserves (which
may include VOBA, SIA, guaranteed benefit reserves and unearned revenue
reserve) are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting  
 


 
  
   
   146 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 adjustment is included in income. Updating such
assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and
deceleration of amortization in other products.  

 In
addition to estimated gross profit assumptions, the update of actuarial
assumptions in 2015, 2014 and 2013 included adjustments to reserves for
universal life with secondary guarantees, group benefit claim reserves and loss
recognition for certain long-term care products. The update of assumptions also
included adjustments to the valuation of variable annuity GMWB features that
are accounted for as embedded derivatives. Changes in the fair value of such
embedded derivatives are recorded in net realized capital gains (losses) and,
together with related DAC adjustments, are excluded from pre-tax operating
income. 

 The net increases (decreases)
to pre-tax operating income and pre-tax income as a result of the update of
actuarial assumptions in 2015, 2014 and 2013 are shown in the following tables. 

 The following table presents
the increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating income resulting from the update
of actuarial assumptions for the U.S. Life Insurance Companies, by product
line: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   92 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   306 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
 
   
   Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Insurance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in pre-tax
  operating income from update of assumptions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 


   

 The
following table presents the increase (decrease) in pre-tax income resulting
from the update of actuarial assumptions of the U.S. Life Insurance Companies,
by line item as reported in Results of Operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Policy fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder account
  balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in pre-tax operating
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
   Change in DAC related to net realized
  capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
   Increase in pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   168 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   214 
   
  
 


 In 2015, pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance
Companies in the aggregate was reduced by $6 million as a result of the update
of actuarial assumptions. This aggregate net adjustment of $6 million included
a net negative adjustment of $146 million in the Life operating segment, which
was offset in large part by net positive adjustments in the Retirement
operating segment of $92 million in Fixed Annuities and $48 million in Group
Retirement. See Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Operating Segment for
additional discussion of the adjustments for each segment. 

 In 2014, pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance
Companies in the aggregate was increased by $129 million as a result of the
update of assumptions, primarily due to net positive adjustments related to
investment spread assumptions in the Retirement operating segment from the
update of estimated gross profit assumptions in Fixed Annuities and Group
Retirement, partially offset by loss recognition for certain long-term care
business and additions to reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees
in the Life operating segment. 


 


 
  
   
   147 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 In 2013, pre-tax operating income of the Life Insurance
Companies in the aggregate increased by a net positive adjustment of $153
million as a result of the update of assumptions, primarily due to a net
positive adjustment in Fixed Annuities, partially offset by net negative
adjustments in Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement and a negative
adjustment in Life from the update of mortality assumptions. In Group
Retirement, the negative adjustments were partially offset by an increase in
the assumption for separate account asset long-term growth rates. 

 Adjustments related to the update of assumptions for the
valuation of variable annuity GMWB features accounted for as embedded
derivatives and measured at fair value, which are primarily in the Retirement
Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines, are recorded in net
realized capital gains (losses) and excluded from pre-tax operating income. The
update of GMWB valuation assumptions in 2015, which included improved mortality,
lapse and withdrawal assumptions, resulted in a net decrease in the GMWB
liability. After offsets for related adjustments to DAC, this update of GMWB
valuation assumptions resulted in a net increase to 2015 pre-tax income of $9
million. 

 In 2014, improved mortality, lapse and withdrawal
assumptions for GMWB embedded derivative liabilities resulted in a net increase
to pre-tax income of $39 million, net of DAC. In 2013, the update of GMWB
valuation assumptions resulted in a net increase to pre-tax income of $61
million, net of DAC, primarily due to updated mortality assumptions. 

 A discussion of the adjustments to reflect the update of
assumptions for the Retirement and Life operating segments follows. 

 Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Operating Segment 

 Retirement 

 The update of
actuarial assumptions resulted in net positive adjustments to pre-tax operating
income of the Retirement operating segment of $140 million, $246 million and
$233 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 In Fixed
Annuities, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net
positive adjustment of $92 million in 2015, which reflected refinements to
investment spread assumptions, lower terminations than previously assumed and
decreases to expense assumptions. In 2014, a net positive adjustment of $196
million in Fixed Annuities was primarily due to better spreads than previously
assumed. In 2013, a net positive adjustment of $306 million in the Fixed
Annuities product line was the result of active spread management of crediting
rates and higher future investment yields than those previously assumed.  

 In Retirement
Income Solutions, there were offsetting changes to assumed investment fees,
modeled expenses, and terminations resulting in no adjustment to pre-tax
operating income in 2015, compared to a $4 million net positive adjustment in
2014, due to the update of estimated gross profit assumptions. A net negative
adjustment of $28 million in Retirement Income Solutions in 2013 resulted
primarily from the update of variable annuity spreads and surrender rates. Adjustments
related to the update of assumptions for the valuation of variable annuity GMWB
features accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at fair value,
which primarily relate to the Retirement Income Solutions product line, are
recorded in net realized capital gains (losses) and excluded from pre-tax
operating income. See Update of Actuarial Assumptions above for discussion of
these adjustments. 

 In Group
Retirement, a net positive adjustment from the update of estimated gross profit
assumptions of $48 million in 2015 was primarily due to revisions to mortality
and surrender assumptions, partially offset by decreased spread assumptions. In
2014, a net positive adjustment of $46 million in Group Retirement was
primarily due to more favorable assumptions for investment spreads and
surrenders than previously assumed. A net negative adjustment of $45 million in
Group Retirement in 2013 resulted primarily from the update of variable annuity
spreads and surrender rates, partially offset by an increase in the assumption
for separate account asset long-term growth rates under our reversion to the
mean methodology.  

 Life 

 The  net negative adjustment of $146 million related to the
update of actuarial assumptions, which reduced pre-tax operating income of the
Life operating segment in 2015, included additions to reserves for universal
life with secondary guarantees due to lower surrender rates (partially offset
by better mortality than previously assumed), loss recognition expense for
certain long- 
 


 
  
   
   148 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 term care products primarily due to
updated future premium assumptions, and an additional net negative adjustment
from the update of estimated gross profit assumptions primarily due to lower
investment spread assumptions. These negative adjustments were partially offset
by a decrease in certain Group Benefit claim reserves based on updated experience
data. 

 A net negative
adjustment of $119 million in the Life operating segment in 2014 was primarily
due to loss recognition expense, as discussed below, and also included
additions to reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees, primarily
due to lower investment spread and mortality assumptions which, while higher
than previously assumed, were still within pricing assumptions.  

 A negative
adjustment of $80 million in the Life operating segment in 2013 resulted
primarily from the update of mortality assumptions. 

 The  Life operating segment recorded loss recognition expense of
$28 million and $87 million to increase reserves for certain long-term care
business in 2015 and 2014, respectively, which reduced pre-tax operating income
in those periods. Loss recognition expense is included in Other reserve changes
in the rollforward table presented in Life Insurance Companies Reserves. The
Life loss recognition for both periods was primarily a result of lower future
premium increase assumptions and, in 2014, lower yield assumptions. Assumptions
related to investment yields, mortality experience and expenses are reviewed
periodically and updated as appropriate, which could result in additional loss
recognition reserves. While the U.S. Life Insurance Companies do not currently
offer standalone long-term care products, these needs are addressed with various
benefits and riders in the existing portfolio, such as chronic illness riders. 

 Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and Hedging Program 

 Our Retirement
Income Solutions and Group Retirement businesses offer variable annuity
products with riders that provide guaranteed living benefit features, which
include GMWB and GMAB. The liabilities for GMWB and GMAB are accounted for as
embedded derivatives measured at fair value. The fair value of the embedded
derivatives may fluctuate significantly based on market interest rates, equity
prices, credit spreads and market volatility. 

 In addition to
risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity product design, we have an
economic hedging program designed to manage market risk from GMWB and GMAB, including
exposures to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and
volatilities. The hedging program utilizes derivative instruments, including
but not limited to equity options, futures contracts and interest rate swap and
swaption contracts, as well as fixed maturity securities with a fair value
election. See Enterprise Risk Management – Life Insurance Companies Key
Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program for
additional discussion of market risk management related to these product
features. 

 Impact on Pre-tax Income 

 Changes in the
fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives, and changes in the fair
value of related derivative hedging instruments, are recorded in Other realized
capital gains (losses). Realized capital gains (losses), as well as net
investment income from changes in the fair value of the fixed maturity
securities used in the variable annuity hedging program, for which the fair
value option has been elected, are excluded from pre-tax operating income of
the Retirement operating segment. 


 


 
  
   
   149 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The
following table presents the net increase (decrease) to consolidated pre-tax
income from changes in the fair value of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives
and related hedges: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  fair value of GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (759) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,252 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair
  value of variable annuity hedging portfolio: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed
  maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  rate derivative contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   742 
   
  
     
   
  
   (468) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  derivative contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (230) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (461) 
   
  
 
   
   Net impact
  on pre-tax income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   277 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   162 
   
  
 


   

 The effect of the changes in the fair value of the GMWB and
GMAB embedded derivatives and the related hedging portfolio had a net positive
impact on consolidated pre-tax income in 2015, 2014 and 2013.  The change in
the fair value of the embedded derivatives and the change in the value of the
hedging portfolio are not expected to be fully offsetting, primarily due to
differences between the U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivatives and the
economic hedge target, which include a non-performance or “own credit” spread
adjustment (NPA) to the rate used to discount projected benefit cash flows.
When corporate credit spreads widen, as they did in 2015, the change in the NPA
generally reduces the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities,
resulting in a gain, and when corporate credit spreads narrow or tighten, the
change in the NPA generally increases the fair value of the embedded derivative
liabilities, resulting in a loss. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional discussion of the fair value measurement of the
embedded derivatives under U.S. GAAP and the estimation of the NPA, and see
Differences in Valuation of Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge Target,
below. 

 In 2015, there was a slight gain from a decline in the fair
value of the embedded derivative liabilities, as losses from the decrease in
market interest rates were more than offset by gains from a higher NPA, related
to widening corporate credit spreads. The losses from the decrease in market
interest rates in 2015 were largely offset by interest rate hedges. In 2014,
the decrease in market interest rates resulted in losses from a significant
increase in the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities, which was
only partially offset by higher equity markets.  Since the change in NPA was
relatively small in 2014, the loss on the embedded derivatives was primarily
offset by hedging. In 2013, there was a significant decline in the embedded
derivative liabilities, driven by both higher interest rates and higher equity
markets, which was only partially offset by a decline in NPA from spread
tightening. The embedded derivative gains due to higher interest rates were
offset by interest rate hedging to a lesser extent in 2013, as we had not
elected to fully hedge interest rate risk until the second half of 2014. 

 These changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives
were offset in part by the following changes in the fair value of the variable
annuity hedging portfolio: 

 •      Changes in the
fair value of fixed maturity securities, for which the fair value option has
been elected, that are used as a capital-efficient way to economically hedge
interest rate risk. In 2012, we began to use U.S. Treasury bonds in this
hedging program to reduce our interest rate risk exposure over time. Effective
June 30, 2015, we discontinued the U.S. Treasury bond interest rate hedging
program and initiated a corporate bond hedging program, which is intended to
provide the same capital efficiency as the previous U.S. Treasury bond hedging
program. The 2015 losses from the change in the fair value of fixed maturity
securities were primarily due to the impact on the U.S. Treasury position in the
first half of the year from increasing market interest rates.  The gains in
2014 and losses in 2013 from the change in the fair value of the fixed
maturities securities were due to market interest rates, which decreased in
2014 and increased 2013.  

 •      Changes in the
fair value of interest rate derivative contracts, which included swaps,
swaptions, futures and options, resulted in gains in 2015 and 2014 due to
decreasing market interest rates, and losses in 2013 driven by increasing
interest rates. Prior to 2014, we had elected to only partially hedge GMWB and
GMAB interest rate risk. 

 •      Losses from the
change in the fair value of equity derivative contracts, which included futures
and options, were relatively smaller in 2015 compared to 2014 and 2013, due to
higher equity market returns in those years. 


 


 
  
   
   150 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Differences
in Valuation of Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge Target 

 The variable annuity hedging program utilizes an economic
hedge target, which represents an estimate of the underlying economic drivers
of the embedded derivatives. The economic hedge target differs from the U.S.
GAAP valuation of the GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives due to the following: 

 •    
  Rider fees are 100 percent included in
the economic hedge target present value calculations;  the U.S. GAAP
valuation reflects those collected fees attributed to the embedded derivative  such that the initial value at contract issue equals zero; 

 •    
  Actuarial assumptions for U.S. GAAP are
adjusted to remove explicit risk margins, including margins for policyholder
behavior and fund basis risk, and use best estimate assumptions for the
economic hedge target; and 

 •    
  Non-performance adjustment (NPA or “own
credit” risk) is excluded from the discount rates used for the economic hedge
target. 

 The market value of the hedge portfolio compared to the
economic hedge target at any point in time may be different and is not expected
to be fully offsetting. In addition to the derivatives held in conjunction with
the variable annuity hedging program, the Life Insurance Companies have cash
and invested assets available to cover future claims payable under these
guarantees.  The primary sources of difference between the change in the fair
value of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target include: 

 •    
  Basis risk due to the variance between
expected and actual fund returns, which may be either positive or negative; 

 •    
  Realized volatility versus implied
volatility;  

 •    
  Actual versus expected changes in the
hedge target related to items not subject to hedging, particularly policyholder
behavior; and 

 •    
  Risk exposures that we have elected not
to explicitly or fully hedge, which in 2014 and 2013 included a portion of the
interest rate risk. 

 DAC 

 The following table summarizes the major
components of the changes in Life Insurance Companies DAC, including VOBA: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning
  of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,815 
   
  
 
   
   Acquisition
  costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization
  expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Update of
  assumptions included in pre-tax operating income 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
   Related to
  realized capital gains and losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  operating amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   (994) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (887) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (780) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase
  (decrease) in DAC due to foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  change in DAC 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   848 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
 
   
   Balance,
  end of year * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,467 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
 


 * DAC balance excluding the amount
related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments was $9.1
billion, $8.7 billion, and $8.0 billion at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,  respectively . 

 The net adjustments to DAC
amortization from the update of actuarial assumptions for estimated gross
profits in 2015 and 2014, including those reported within change in DAC related
to net realized capital gains (losses), represented one percent and two percent
of the DAC balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation
(appreciation) of investments as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 


 


 
  
   
   151 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Reversion to the Mean 

 In 2013, we revised the growth rate assumptions for the
five-year reversion to the mean period for the Group Retirement product line in
our Retirement segment, because annual growth assumptions indicated for that
period had fallen below our floor of zero percent due to the favorable
performance of equity markets. This adjustment increased Retirement pre-tax
operating income by $35 million in 2013. For variable annuities in the
Retirement Income Solutions product line, the assumed annual growth rate has
remained above zero percent for the five-year reversion to the mean period and
therefore has not met the criteria for adjustment in 2015, 2014 or 2013;
however, additional favorable equity market performance in excess of long-term
assumptions could result in unlocking in this product line in the future, with
a positive effect on pre-tax income in the period of the unlocking. See
Critical Accounting Estimates – Estimated Gross Profits for Investment-Oriented
Products (Life Insurance Companies) for additional discussion of assumptions
related to our reversion to the mean methodology. 

 DAC and Reserves Related to Unrealized Appreciation of
Investments 

 DAC for universal life and investment-type products
(collectively, investment-oriented products) is adjusted at each balance sheet
date to reflect the change in DAC as if fixed maturity and equity securities
available for sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the
proceeds reinvested at current yields (shadow DAC). The change in shadow DAC
generally moves in the opposite direction of the change in unrealized
appreciation of the available for sale securities portfolio. In addition,
significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a prolonged low interest
rate environment may cause additional future policy benefit liabilities to be
recorded (shadow loss reserves). Market interest rates increased as a result of
widening spreads in 2015. As a result, the Life Insurance Companies’ unrealized
appreciation of investments at December 31, 2015 decreased by $7.4 billion
compared to December 31, 2014, which resulted in an increase in shadow DAC and
a decrease in shadow loss reserves. Shadow loss reserves decreased to $18
million at December 31, 2015 compared to $1.2 billion at December 31, 2014. 

 Life Insurance
Companies Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The
following table presents a rollforward of Life Insurance Companies’ insurance
reserves, including separate accounts and mutual fund assets under management,
by operating segment: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,080 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,242 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   991 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (674) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (766) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,620) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,628) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,530) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,371) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (520) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,000) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets
  and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
   410 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35,823 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,100 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves related to unrealized
  appreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,818 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,129 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,095 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204,627 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   195,493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173,281 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,297 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,077 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,788 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,251) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,459) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,894) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,690) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,353) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,976 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   152 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  Insurance reserves / Life
Insurance companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets
  and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,255) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,390 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,482 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,724 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,781 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,837 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   917 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   208,333 
   
  
     
   
  
   204,627 
   
  
     
   
  
   195,493 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves related to unrealized
  appreciation of investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (361) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (353) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (366) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
  assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   207,972 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204,374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   195,127 
   
  
 
   
   Life: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,536 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,176 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,862 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (759) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (853) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (896) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (954) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (812) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (772) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,194 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets
  and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (802) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (673) 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   507 
   
  
     
   
  
   541 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,231) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,428) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,810 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves related to unrealized
  appreciation of investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,395) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,315) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,354) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,775 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,221 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,456 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at beginning of year, gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   273,243 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   260,403 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   237,699 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   32,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,641 
   
  
 
   
   Surrenders and withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,684) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,123) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,975) 
   
  
 
   
   Death and other contract benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,476) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,032) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,496) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,170 
   
  
 
   
   Change in fair value of underlying assets
  and reserve accretion, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,075) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,965 
   
  
 
   
   Cost of funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,791 
   
  
 
   
   Other reserve changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,212) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (222) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   278,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   273,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   260,403 
   
  
 
   
   Reserves related to unrealized
  appreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,761) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,725) 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
  assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   276,565 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   258,678 
   
  
 


 Life
Insurance Companies insurance reserves including separate accounts and mutual
fund assets under management were comprised of the following balances: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits* 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,562 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,931 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   127,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,716 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   79,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,025 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   248,830 
   
  
     
   
  
   245,672 
   
  
 
   
   Mutual fund assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,052 
   
  
 
   
   Total insurance reserves and mutual fund
  assets under management 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   276,565 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272,724 
   
  
 


 * Excludes certain
intercompany assumed reinsurance. 



 
  



 
 


 
  
   
   153 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 

 

 
  
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
 

 


 Overview 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liquidity  refers to the ability to generate
sufficient cash resources to meet our payment obligations.  It is defined as
cash and unencumbered assets that can be monetized in a short period of time at
a reasonable cost.  We manage our liquidity prudently through various risk
committees, policies and procedures, and a stress testing and liquidity risk
framework established by Enterprise Risk Management (ERM). Our liquidity risk
framework is designed to manage liquidity at both AIG Parent and subsidiaries to
meet our financial obligations over a twelve-month period under a liquidity
stress scenario. See Enterprise Risk Management — Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement and Enterprise Risk Management — Liquidity Risk
Management below for additional information. 

 Capital  refers to the long-term financial resources
available to support the operation of our businesses, fund business growth, and
cover financial and operational needs that arise from adverse circumstances.
Our primary source of ongoing capital generation is the profitability of our
insurance subsidiaries. We must comply with numerous constraints on our minimum
capital positions. These constraints drive the requirements for capital
adequacy for both AIG and the individual businesses and are based on
internally-defined risk tolerances, regulatory requirements, rating agency and
creditor expectations and business needs. Actual capital levels are monitored
on a regular basis, and using ERM’s stress testing methodology, we evaluate the
capital impact of potential macroeconomic, financial and insurance stresses in
relation to the relevant capital constraints of both AIG and our insurance
subsidiaries.  

 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to
policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising
from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events. 

 Nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or
capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital
resources as was the case in 2008. Additional collateral calls, deterioration
in investment portfolios or reserve strengthening affecting statutory surplus,
higher surrenders of annuities and other policies, downgrades in credit
ratings, or catastrophic losses may result in significant additional cash or
capital needs and loss of sources of liquidity and capital. In addition,
regulatory and other legal restrictions could limit our ability to transfer
funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. 

 Depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating
agency considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and
capital management actions. Liability management actions may include, but are
not limited to, repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or
engaging in debt exchange offers. Capital management actions may include, but
are not limited to, paying dividends to our shareholders and share
repurchases.   


 


 
  
   
   154 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources Activity
  for 2015 
   
  
 
   
   Sources 
   •      AIG
  Parent Funding from Subsidiaries 
   During 2015, AIG Parent
  received $7.8 billion (a)  in dividends and loan repayments from
  subsidiaries.  Of this amount, $3.2 billion was dividends in the form of cash
  and fixed maturity securities from our Non-Life Insurance Companies and $4.6
  billion (a)  was dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash
  and fixed maturity securities from our Life Insurance Companies. The $7.8
  billion in dividends and loan repayments included $2.8 billion of
  dividends that were declared during the fourth quarter of 2014.  
   AIG
  Parent also received a net amount of $1.4 billion (a)  in tax
  sharing payments from our insurance businesses in 2015, reflecting $102
  million (a)  that was reimbursed from AIG Parent to our insurance
  businesses during the fourth quarter of 2015 as a result of adjustments made
  to prior-year tax sharing payments.  The tax sharing payments may continue to
  be subject to adjustment in future periods. 
   ·      
   Debt Issuances 
   In January 2015, we issued $1.2 billion aggregate
  principal amount of 3.875% Notes due 2035 and $800 million aggregate
  principal amount of 4.375% Notes due 2055. 
   In March 2015, we issued $350 million aggregate principal
  amount of 4.35% Callable Notes due 2045. 
   In July 2015, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal
  amount of 3.750% Notes due 2025, $500 million aggregate principal amount of
  4.700% Notes due 2035 and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.800%
  Notes due 2045. In addition, in July 2015, we issued $290 million aggregate
  principal amount of 4.90% Callable Notes due 2045.  
   In September 2015, we issued $420 million aggregate
  principal amount of 4.90% Callable Notes due 2045. 
   ·      
   PICC P&C and Springleaf 
   In April 2015, AIG Parent received gross proceeds of
  approximately $500 million from our sale of 256 million ordinary H
  shares of PICC P&C by means of a placement to certain institutional investors. 
   In May 2015, AIG Parent received net proceeds of
  approximately $410 million from the sale of approximately 8.4 million shares
  of common stock of Springleaf. 
   In December 2015, AIG Parent received gross proceeds of
  approximately $381 million from our sale of 184 million ordinary H
  shares of PICC P&C by means of a placement to certain institutional
  investors.  
   ·      
   AerCap  
   In June 2015, AIG Parent received net proceeds of
  approximately $3.7 billion from the sale of approximately 86.9 million
  ordinary shares of AerCap by means of an underwritten public offering of
  approximately 71.2 million ordinary shares and a private sale of
  approximately 15.7 million ordinary shares to AerCap. 
   In August 2015, AIG Parent received net proceeds of
  approximately $500 million from the sale of our remaining approximately
  10.7 million ordinary shares of AerCap by means of an underwritten
  public offering. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   155 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Uses (b) 
   •    
   Debt Reduction 
   In
  March 2015, we repurchased, through cash tender offers, approximately $1.0
  billion aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes issued or
  guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.1
  billion.   
   In
  April 2015, we repurchased, through cash tender offers, (i) approximately $22
  million aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes issued or
  guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $24
  million, and (ii) approximately $915 million aggregate principal amount of
  certain junior subordinated debentures issued or guaranteed by AIG for an
  aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.25 billion. 
   In
  July 2015, we repurchased, through cash tender offers, (i) approximately $142
  million aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes issued by AIG for
  an aggregate purchase price of approximately $153 million, and (ii)
  approximately $3.3 billion aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes
  and junior subordinated notes issued or guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate
  purchase price of approximately $3.6 billion. 
   We also made other
  repurchases and repayments of approximately $4.6 billion during 2015.
  AIG Parent made interest payments on our debt instruments totaling $1.0
  billion during 2015. 
   •    
   Dividend  
   We paid a cash dividend of $0.125 per share on AIG Common Stock during
  each of the first and second quarters of 2015, and a cash dividend of $0.28
  per share during each of the third and fourth quarters of 2015. 
   •    
   Repurchase of Common Stock (c) 
   We
  repurchased approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common Stock during 2015,
  for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $10.7 billion. The total
  number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2015 includes (but the
  aggregate purchase price does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares
  of AIG Common Stock received in January 2015 upon the settlement of an ASR
  agreement executed in the fourth quarter of 2014. 
   •    
   PICC P&C 
   During
  2015, AIG Parent purchased 440 million ordinary H shares of PICC P&C from
  our Non-Life Insurance Companies for approximately $864 million. 
   
  
 


 (a) Presented net of $818 million of tax payments to the Life
Insurance Companies, which were returned in the form of dividends. 

 (b) In January 2016, AIG Parent made a capital contribution of
approximately $2.9 billion to our Non-Life Insurance Companies. 

 (c)  Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans,
from January 1 to February 11, 2016, we have repurchased approximately $2.5
billion of additional shares of AIG Common Stock. As of February 11, 2016,
approximately $5.8 billion remained under our share repurchase authorization.  

 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents selected data from AIG's
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 * 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Sources: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,865 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by changes in restricted cash    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
      
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by other investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,731 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,855 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  policyholder contract balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Issuance of
  long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,235 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  sources 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,616 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,144 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,199 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   156 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Uses:    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  policyholder contract balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (547) 
   
  
 
   
   Repayments
  of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,197) 
   
  
 
   
   Purchases
  of AIG Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  used in other financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,652) 
   
  
 
   
   Total uses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,706) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29,641) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,993) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase
  (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
 


 *    For 2014, cash decreased by $162 million due to
reclassification of $289 million to restricted cash presented in Other assets, partially
offset by a $127 million reclassification from Short-term investments, to
correct prior period presentation. 

 The
following table presents a summary of AIG’s Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Summary: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by operating
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,865 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash provided by investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,099 
   
  
 
   
      Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,758) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of exchange rate changes on
  cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 


 Operating Cash Flow Activities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Insurance companies generally
receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy
benefits. The ability of insurance companies to generate positive cash
flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance
policies, policy retention rates and operating expenses. 

 Interest payments totaled $1.4
billion in 2015, compared to $3.4 billion in 2014 and $3.9 billion in 2013.
 Excluding interest payments, AIG generated positive operating cash flow
of $4.2 billion, $8.3 billion and $9.7 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. 

 Cash provided by operating
activities of our Non-Life Insurance Companies was $1.0 billion in 2015,
compared to $0.9 billion in 2014 and $0.4 billion in 2013. The increase in 2014
compared to 2013 was primarily due to the timing of the payments related to
catastrophe losses for 2013. 

 Cash provided by operating
activities of our Life Insurance Companies was $3.8 billion in 2015, compared
to $4.4 billion in 2014 and $4.3 billion in 2013. The decline in 2015 compared
to 2014 was primarily due to a greater increase in other assets and
liabilities, net. 

 Cash provided by operating
activities of businesses held for sale was $2.9 billion for 2013. 


 


 
  
   
   157 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Investing Cash Flow Activities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net cash provided by
investing activities in 2015 included: 

 •    
 approximately $1.8 billion of cash collateral received in connection
with our Life Insurance Companies’ securities lending program; and 

 •      approximately
$4.2 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares of AerCap. 

 Net cash provided by
investing activities in 2014 included: 

 •    
 a reduction in net investment purchase activity; and  

 •    
 approximately $2.4 billion of net cash proceeds from the sale of ILFC. 

 Net cash
provided by investing activities for 2013 included an increase in net
investment purchase activity.  

 Financing Cash Flow Activities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net cash used in financing
activities in 2015 included: 

 •    
 approximately $1.0 billion in the aggregate to pay a dividend of $0.125
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the first and second quarters of 2015
and $0.28 per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the third and fourth
quarters of 2015; 

 •    
 approximately $10.7 billion to repurchase approximately 182 million
shares of AIG Common Stock; and 

 •    
 approximately $9.9 billion to repay long-term debt. 

 These items were partially
offset by approximately $6.9 billion in proceeds from the issuance of long-term
debt. 

 Net cash used in financing
activities for 2014 included: 

 •    
 approximately $712 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.125
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the four quarters of 2014; 

 •    
 approximately $4.9 billion to repurchase approximately 88 million shares
of AIG Common Stock;  

 •    
 approximately $271 million to repay long-term debt of business
held-for-sale; and 

 •    
 approximately $16.2 billion to repay long-term debt. 

 Net cash used in financing
activities for 2013 included: 

 •    
 approximately $294 million in the aggregate to pay dividends of $0.10
per share on AIG Common Stock in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2013; 

 •    
 approximately $597 million to repurchase approximately 12 million
shares of AIG Common Stock; 

 •    
 approximately $9.3 billion to repay long term debt; and 

 approximately $4.9 billion in repayments
of long term debt of business held-for-sale. 

 
 


 
  
   
   158 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Liquidity and Capital
Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG Parent 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 As of December 31, 2015, AIG Parent had approximately
$13.7 billion in liquidity sources. AIG Parent’s liquidity sources are
primarily held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded,
investment grade rated fixed maturity securities. Fixed maturity securities
primarily include U.S. government and government sponsored entity securities,
U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and
certain other highly rated securities. AIG Parent actively manages its assets
and liabilities in terms of products, counterparties and duration. Based upon
an assessment of funding needs, the liquidity sources can be readily monetized
through sales, repurchase agreements or contributed as admitted assets to
regulated insurance companies. AIG Parent liquidity is monitored through the
use of various internal liquidity risk measures. AIG Parent’s primary sources
of liquidity are dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from
subsidiaries and credit facilities.  AIG Parent’s primary uses of liquidity are
for debt service, capital and liability management, operating expenses and
subsidiary capital needs. 

 We generally manage capital flows between AIG Parent and
its subsidiaries through internal, Board‑approved policies and standards.
In addition, AIG Parent has unconditional capital maintenance agreements (CMAs)
in place with certain subsidiaries. Nevertheless, regulatory and other legal
restrictions could limit our ability to transfer capital freely, either to or
from our subsidiaries. 

 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital
resources to satisfy our reasonably foreseeable future requirements and meet
our obligations to our creditors, debt-holders and insurance company
subsidiaries. We expect to access the debt markets from time to time to meet
funding requirements as needed.  

 We utilize our capital resources to support our businesses,
with the majority of capital allocated to our insurance operations. Should we
have or generate more capital than is needed to support our business strategies
(including organic growth or acquisition opportunities) or mitigate risks
inherent to our business, we may develop plans to distribute such capital to
shareholders via dividends or share repurchase authorizations or deploy such
capital towards liability management. 

 In the normal course, it is expected that a portion of the
capital released by our insurance operations or through the utilization of
AIG’s deferred tax assets may be available for distribution to shareholders.
Additionally, it is expected that capital associated with businesses or
investments that do not directly support our insurance operations may be
available for distribution to shareholders or deployment towards liability
management upon its monetization.  

 In developing plans to distribute capital, AIG considers a
number of factors, including, but not limited to: the capital resources
available to support our insurance operations and business strategies, AIG’s
funding capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal benchmarks,
expectations for capital generation, rating agency expectations for capital, as
well as regulatory standards for capital and capital distributions. 

 In January 2016, AIG Parent made a capital contribution of
approximately $2.9 billion to our Non-Life Insurance Companies as a result of
our fourth quarter reserve strengthening. 

 The following table presents AIG Parent's liquidity
sources: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   As of  
   
  
   As
  of  
   
  
 
   
   (In millions) 
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and short-term investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,497 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,085 
   
  
 
   
   Unencumbered fixed maturity securities (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,723 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,727 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,812 
   
  
 
   
   Available capacity under syndicated
  credit facility (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,000 
   
  
 
   
   Available capacity under contingent
  liquidity facility (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG Parent liquidity sources 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,312 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   159 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (a) Cash and short-term investments include reverse
repurchase agreements totaling $1.5 billion and $1.6 billion as of  December 31, 2015  and 2014,
respectively.  

 (b) Unencumbered
securities consist of publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities. Fixed maturity securities primarily include U.S. government and
government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities,
corporate and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. 

 (c)  For
additional information relating to this syndicated credit facility, see Credit
Facilities below. 

 (d) The contingent
liquidity facility expired by its terms on December 15, 2015.  For additional
information relating to the contingent liquidity facility, see Contingent
Liquidity Facilities below. 

 Non-Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We expect that our Non-Life Insurance Companies will be
able to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity
requirements and meet their obligations, including those arising from
reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash from operations
and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our Non-Life
Insurance Companies’ liquidity resources are primarily held in the form of
cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed
maturity securities.  

 Each of our Non-Life Insurance Companies’ liquidity is
monitored through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures. 
The primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables
and investment income.   The primary uses of
liquidity are paid losses, reinsurance payments, dividends, expenses,
investments and collateral requirements. 

 Our Non-Life Insurance Companies may require additional
funding to meet capital or liquidity needs under certain circumstances.  Large
catastrophes may require us to provide additional support to our affected
operations. Downgrades in our credit ratings could put pressure on the insurer
financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, which could result in non‑renewals
or cancellations by policyholders and adversely affect the subsidiary’s ability
to meet its own obligations. Increases in market interest rates may adversely
affect the financial strength ratings of our subsidiaries, as rating agency
capital models may reduce the amount of available capital relative to required
capital. Other potential events that could cause a liquidity strain include an
economic collapse of a nation or region significant to our operations,
nationalization, catastrophic terrorist acts, pandemics or other events causing
economic or political upheaval. 

 Certain Non-Life Insurance Companies are members of the
Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) in their respective districts. Borrowings from
the FHLBs may be used to supplement liquidity. As of December 31, 2015 and
2014, none of our Non-Life Insurance Companies had FHLB borrowings outstanding.
 

 In April 2015, AIG Parent and Ascot Corporate Name Limited
(ACNL), a Non-Life Insurance Company, entered into a new $725 million letter of
credit facility, which replaced the prior $625 million letter of credit
facility. ACNL, as a member of the Lloyd’s of London insurance syndicate
(Lloyd’s), is required to hold capital at Lloyd’s, known as Funds at Lloyds
(FAL). Under the new facility, the entire FAL capital requirement of $625
million as of December 31, 2015, which supports the 2015, 2016 and 2017 years
of account, was satisfied with a letter of credit in that amount issued under
the facility. 

 AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and our
Non-Life Insurance Companies through internal, Board-approved policies and
guidelines.  In addition, AIG Parent is party to a CMA with its Mortgage
Guaranty insurance company. Among other things, the CMA provides that AIG Parent
will maintain capital and surplus of the Mortgage Guaranty insurance company at
or above a specified minimum required capital based on a specified
risk-to-capital ratio. In addition, the CMA provides that if capital and
surplus of the Mortgage Guaranty insurance company is in excess of that same
specified minimum required capital, subject to its board approval and
compliance with applicable insurance laws, the Mortgage Guaranty insurance
company would declare and pay ordinary dividends to its equity holders up to an
amount necessary to reduce projected or actual capital and surplus to a level
equal to or not materially greater than such specified minimum required
capital. As structured, the CMA contemplates that the specified minimum
required capital would be reviewed and agreed upon at least annually. As of
December 31, 2015, the minimum required capital for the CMA with the Mortgage
Guaranty insurance company is based on a risk-to-capital ratio of 19 to 1.  

 In 2015, our Non-Life Insurance Companies paid approximately
$3.2 billion in dividends in the form of cash and fixed maturity securities to
AIG Parent, of which $600 million represented the remainder of dividends that
were declared by our Non-Life  
 


 
  
   
   160 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Insurance Companies in
the fourth quarter of 2014. The fixed maturity securities primarily include
U.S. government and government sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency
mortgage-backed securities, corporate and municipal bonds and certain other
highly rated securities.  

 Life Insurance Companies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We expect that our Life Insurance Companies will be able
to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and
meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable
contingencies or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent
necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our Life Insurance Companies’
liquidity sources are primarily held in the form of cash, short-term
investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity
securities.  

 Each of our Life Insurance Companies’ liquidity is
monitored through the use of various internal liquidity risk measures.  The
primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables and
investment income. The primary uses of liquidity are benefit claims, interest
payments, surrenders, withdrawals, dividends, expenses, investments and
collateral requirements. 

 Management believes that because of the size and liquidity
of our Life Insurance Companies’ investment portfolios, normal deviations from
projected claim or surrender experience would not create significant liquidity
risk. However, as we saw in 2008, in times of extreme capital markets
disruption, liquidity needs could outpace resources.   Furthermore,
our Life Insurance Companies’ products contain certain features that mitigate
surrender risk, including surrender charges. As part of their risk management
framework, our Life Insurance Companies continue to evaluate and, where
appropriate, pursue strategies and programs to improve their liquidity position
and facilitate their ability to maintain a fully invested asset portfolio.  

 Certain of our U.S. Life Insurance Companies are members
of the FHLBs in their respective districts. Borrowings from the FHLBs are used
to supplement liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. Our
U.S. Life Insurance Companies had outstanding borrowings from the FHLBs in an
aggregate amount of $2 million and $44 million as of December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively.  

 Certain of our U.S. Life Insurance Companies have
programs, which began in 2012, that lend securities from their investment
portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other uses as deemed appropriate by
management. Under these programs, these U.S. Life Insurance Companies lend
securities to financial institutions and receive cash as collateral equal to
102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities. Cash collateral
received is invested in short-term investments. Additionally, the aggregate
amount of securities that a Life Insurance Company is able to lend under its
program at any time is limited to five percent of its general account
statutory-basis admitted assets. At December 31, 2015, our U.S. Life Insurance
Companies had $1.1 billion of securities subject to these agreements and $1.1
billion of liabilities to borrowers for collateral received. Our U.S. Life
Insurance Companies had no securities subject to lending agreements and no
collateral liability at December 31, 2014. 

 AIG generally manages capital between AIG Parent and our
Life Insurance Companies through internal, Board-approved policies and
guidelines.  In addition, AIG Parent is party to a CMA with AGC Life Insurance
Company. Among other things, the CMA provides that AIG Parent will maintain the
total adjusted capital of AGC Life Insurance Company at or above a specified
minimum percentage of its projected NAIC Company Action Level Risk-Based
Capital (RBC). As of December 31, 2015, the specified minimum percentage under
this CMA was 250 percent. 

 In 2015, our U.S. Life Insurance Companies paid
approximately $4.6 billion to AIG Parent, which included $5.4 billion in
dividends and loan repayments in the form of cash and fixed maturity
securities, net of an $818 million tax settlement payment received from AIG
Parent. The 2015 dividend payments included $2.2 billion that represented the
remainder of dividends that were declared in the fourth quarter of 2014. The
fixed maturity securities primarily included U.S. government and government
sponsored entity securities, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, corporate
and municipal bonds and certain other highly rated securities. 


 


 
  
   
   161 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Credit Facilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We maintain a committed, revolving syndicated credit
facility as a potential source of liquidity for general corporate purposes. On
November 5, 2015, we amended and restated the five-year syndicated credit
facility that was entered into on June 19, 2014 (the Previous Facility).  The
amended and restated five-year syndicated facility (the Five-Year Facility)
provides for aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured
revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5 billion
(increased from a $4.0 billion commitment in the Previous Facility) without any
limits on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in November 2020
(the Previous Facility was scheduled to expire in June 2019).  The increased
commitment of $500 million to the Five-Year Facility offsets the effect of the expiration
of our $500 million contingent liquidity facility.  See Contingent Liquidity
Facilities below. 

 As of December 31, 2015, a total of $4.5 billion remains
available under the Five-Year Facility. Our ability to borrow under the
Five-Year Facility is not contingent on our credit ratings. However, our
ability to borrow under the Five-Year Facility is conditioned on the
satisfaction of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial
covenants and other requirements contained in the Five-Year Facility. These
include covenants relating to our maintenance of a specified total consolidated
net worth and total consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization.
Failure to satisfy these and other requirements contained in the Five-Year
Facility would restrict our access to the Five-Year Facility and could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
liquidity. We expect to borrow under the Five-Year Facility from time to time,
and may use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. 

 Contingent Liquidity Facilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG Parent had access to a contingent liquidity facility
of up to $500 million as a potential source of liquidity for general corporate
purposes. Under this facility, we had the unconditional right, prior to
December 15, 2015, to issue up to $500 million in senior debt to the counterparty,
based on a put option agreement between AIG Parent and the counterparty.  The
contingent liquidity facility expired by its terms on December 15, 2015.  The
expiration of the contingent liquidity facility is offset by the effect of the increased
commitment of $500 million to our Five-Year Facility.  See Credit Facilities
above. 

 

 

 


 
  
   
   162 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Contractual Obligations 

 


 The
following table summarizes contractual obligations in total, and by remaining
maturity: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Payments due by Period  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,090 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,035 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,243 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,610 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  and investment contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   229,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,999 
   
  
     
   
  
   160,794 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   813 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   869 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   986 
   
  
     
   
  
   253 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   310,861 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,037 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50,994 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   187,170 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,548 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,619 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,208 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,475 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,246 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,067 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,998 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,318 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,946 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,695 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Loss
  reserves 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78,090 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,035 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,243 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,610 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  and investment contract liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   229,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,999 
   
  
     
   
  
   160,794 
   
  
 
   
   Borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,619 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,208 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,953 
   
  
 
   
   Interest
  payments on borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,187 
   
  
 
   
   Operating
  leases 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
   219 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  long-term obligations (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   351,807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,774 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56,252 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   41,916 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   215,865 
   
  
 


 (a) Primarily
includes contracts to purchase future services and other capital expenditures. 

 (b) Does not
reflect unrecognized tax benefits of $4.3 billion, the timing of which is
uncertain.   

 Loss Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Loss reserves relate to our Non-Life Insurance Companies
and represent future losses and loss adjustment expense payments estimated
based on historical loss development payment patterns. Due to the significance
of the assumptions used, the payments by period presented above could be
materially different from actual required payments. We believe that our
Non-Life Insurance Companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the
actual required payments under these obligations. 

 Insurance and
Investment Contract Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Insurance and investment contract liabilities, including
GIC liabilities, relate to our Life Insurance Companies. These liabilities
include various investment-type products with contractually scheduled
maturities, including periodic payments of a term certain nature. These
liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a significant
portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated contractual
maturity dates and may not result in any future payment obligations. For these
policies and contracts (i) we are not currently making payments until the
occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or disability,
(ii) payments are conditional on survivorship or (iii) payment may
occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event beyond our control. 


 


 
  
   
   163 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 We have made significant
assumptions to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of these
contractual policy benefits. These assumptions include mortality, morbidity,
future lapse rates, expenses, investment returns and interest crediting rates,
offset by expected future deposits and premiums on in-force policies. Due to
the significance of the assumptions, the periodic amounts presented could be
materially different from actual required payments. The amounts presented in
this table are undiscounted and exceed the future policy benefits and
policyholder contract deposits included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 We believe that our Life Insurance Companies have adequate
financial resources to meet the payments actually required under these obligations.
These subsidiaries have substantial liquidity in the form of cash and
short-term investments. In addition, our Life Insurance Companies maintain
significant levels of investment grade rated fixed maturity securities,
including substantial holdings in government and corporate bonds, and could
seek to monetize those holdings in the event operating cash flows are
insufficient. We expect liquidity needs related to GIC liabilities to be funded
through cash flows generated from maturities and sales of invested assets.  

 Borrowings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our borrowings exclude those incurred by consolidated
investments and include hybrid financial instrument liabilities recorded at
fair value. We expect to repay the long-term debt maturities and interest
accrued on borrowings by AIG through maturing investments and dispositions of
invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash flows generated from
invested assets, future debt issuance and other financing arrangements. Borrowings
supported by assets of AIG include various notes and bonds payable as well as
GIAs that are supported by cash and investments held by AIG Parent and certain
non-insurance subsidiaries for the repayment of those obligations. 

 
 


 
  
   
   164 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements and Commercial Commitments in total, and by remaining maturity: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Amount of Commitment Expiring  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Committed  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Insurance
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   870 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   59 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   627 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees
  of indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,403 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   856 
   
  
     
   
  
   290 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit    
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,813 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,073 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,480 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,164 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   96 
   
  
 
   
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity
  facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees    
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c)(f) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   445 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   500 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   146 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liquidity
  facilities (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
   Standby
  letters of credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   627 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees
  of indebtedness 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   All other
  guarantees (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investment
  commitments (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,551 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
 
   
   Commitments
  to extend credit (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   856 
   
  
     
   
  
   790 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
 
   
   Letters of
  credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total (c)(f) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,918 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,494 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,664 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   242 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes
construction guarantees connected to affordable housing investments by our Life
Insurance Companies. Excludes potential amounts for indemnification obligations
included in asset sales agreements.  See  Note
9  to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
further information on indemnification obligations. 

 (b) Includes
commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and mutual funds and
commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the United States and
abroad. The commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and
other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding
new investments or expenses of the fund. The expiration of these commitments is
estimated in the table above based on the expected life cycle of the related
fund, consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. Investors under
these commitments are primarily insurance and real estate subsidiaries. 

 (c)  Does not
include guarantees, CMAs or other support arrangements among AIG consolidated
entities.  

 (d) Primarily
represents liquidity facilities provided in connection with certain municipal
swap transactions and collateralized bond obligations. 

 (e) Includes a
five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility between AerCap Ireland
Capital Limited, as borrower, and AIG Parent, as lender (the AerCap Credit
Facility) scheduled to mature in May 2019.  The
AerCap Credit Facility permits loans for general corporate purposes.     In June 2015, upon the
receipt by AIG Parent of the $500 million principal amount of 6.50%
fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated notes issued by AerCap Global
Aviation Trust, the aggregate commitment under the AerCap Credit Facility was
reduced to $500 million from $1.0 billion. At December 31, 2015, no amounts
were outstanding under the AerCap Credit Facility. 

 (f)  Excludes
commitments with respect to pension plans. The annual pension contribution for
2016 is expected to be approximately $67 million for U.S. and non-U.S. plans. 


 


 
  
   
   165 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Arrangements
with Variable Interest Entities  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We enter into various arrangements with variable interest
entities (VIEs) in the normal course of business, and we consolidate a VIE when
we are the primary beneficiary of the entity.  For a further discussion of our
involvement with VIEs, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Indemnification Agreements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity
arrangements in connection with our sales of businesses. These arrangements may
be triggered by declines in asset values, specified business contingencies, the
realization of contingent liabilities, litigation developments, or breaches of
representations, warranties or covenants provided by us. These arrangements are
typically subject to time limitations, defined by contract or by operation of
law, such as by prevailing statutes of limitation. Depending on the specific
terms of the arrangements, the maximum potential obligation may or may not be
subject to contractual limitations. For additional information regarding our
indemnification agreements, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 We have recorded liabilities for certain of these
arrangements where it is possible to estimate them. These liabilities are not
material in the aggregate. We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of
the maximum potential payout under some of these arrangements. Overall, we
believe that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments under
these arrangements.  

 Debt 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table provides the rollforward of AIG’s
total debt outstanding: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance at 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
   Repayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,570 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,828) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,136 
   
  
 
   
   Subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,073) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,285 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,351) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,812) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,276 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (431) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   404 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,596) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,076 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,862) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (359) 
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,361 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   450 
   
  
     
   
  
   (505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
   (614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,556 
   
  
   (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,987 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   813 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,556 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,989 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9,981) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (361) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,350 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   166 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (a)  AIG Parent guarantees all such
debt, except for MIP notes payable and Series  AIGFP matched notes and bonds
payable, which are direct obligations of AIG Parent. Collateral posted to third
parties was $2.4 billion and $3.5 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.  This collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S.
government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged
or resold by the counterparties.  

 (b)  Primarily represents adjustments to the fair value of
debt. 

 (c)  At December 31, 2015, includes debt of consolidated
investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.4 billion,
affordable housing partnership investments and securitizations of $2.2 billion
and other securitization vehicles and investments of $359 million.  At December 31, 2014, includes debt of consolidated
investment vehicles related to real estate investments of $2.1 billion,
affordable housing partnership investments and securitizations of $853 million,
and other securitization vehicles and investments of $728 million. 

 (d)  Includes the effect of consolidating previously
unconsolidated partnerships. 

   

 Total DEBT OUTSTANDING  

 (in
millions) 

 
  
   
     
   
     
   
  
 


 Debt Maturities  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes maturing debt at
December 31, 2015 of AIG (excluding $5.0 billion of borrowings of consolidated
investments) for the next four quarters: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
     
   
  
   Second 
   
  
     
   
  
   Third 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   684 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   992 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   365 
   
  
     
   
  
   627 
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   107 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   756 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   83 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   673 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,619 
   
  
 


 See Note 14 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details for debt
outstanding. 

 
 


 
  
   
   167 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Credit Ratings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Credit
ratings estimate a company’s ability to meet its obligations and may directly
affect the cost and availability of financing to that company.  The following table presents the credit ratings of AIG and
certain of its subsidiaries as of February 10, 2016. Figures in parentheses
indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency’s rating
categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating  category and
not to the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Short-Term Debt  
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Long-Term Debt  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Moody’s 
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
     
   
  
   Moody’s (a) 
   
  
   S&P (b) 
   
  
   Fitch (c) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG 
   
  
   P-2 (2nd of 3) 
   
  
   A-2 (2nd of 8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1 (4th of 9) 
   
  
   A- (3rd of 8) 
   
  
   BBB+ (4th of 9) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
   Negative Outlook 
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Financial
  Products Corp. (d) 
   
  
   P-2  
   
  
   A-2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Baa 1  
   
  
   A- 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stable Outlook 
   
  
   Negative Outlook 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) Moody’s
appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show
relative position within the rating categories. 

 (b) S&P
ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show
relative standing within the major rating categories. 

 (c)  Fitch ratings
may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative
standing within the major rating categories. 

 (d) AIG guarantees
all obligations of AIG Financial Products Corp. 

 These credit
ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They may be changed,
suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result of
changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other circumstances.
Ratings may also be withdrawn at our request. 

 We are party
to some agreements that contain “ratings triggers.” Depending on the ratings
maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i)
the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for
accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a
requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties. 

 In the event
of adverse actions on our long-term debt ratings by the major rating agencies, AIGFP
and certain other AIG entities would be required to post additional collateral
under some derivative transactions or could experience termination of the
transactions. Such requirements and terminations could adversely affect our
business, our consolidated results of operations in a reporting period or our
liquidity. In the event of a further downgrade of AIG’s long-term senior debt
ratings, AIGFP and certain other AIG entities would be required to post
additional collateral, and certain of the counterparties of AIGFP or of such
other AIG entities would be permitted to terminate their contracts early. 

 The actual
amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the
event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be
required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding
affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the
downgrade.  

 For a
discussion of the effects of downgrades in the financial strength ratings of
our insurance companies or our credit ratings, see Note 10 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements herein and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors – Liquidity,
Capital and Credit.  

 Regulation and Supervision  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by
different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including
with respect to our liquidity and capital resources, see Item 1. Business —
Regulation and Item 1A. Risk Factors — Regulation. 

 
 


 
  
   
   168 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL rESOURCES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Dividends
and Repurchases of AIG Common Stock  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On February 12, 2015, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.125 per share,
payable on March 26, 2015 to shareholders of record on March 12, 2015. On April
30, 2015, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock
of $0.125 per share, payable on June 25, 2015 to shareholders of record on June
11, 2015. On August 3, 2015, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on
AIG Common Stock of $0.28 per share, payable on September 28, 2015 to
shareholders of record on September 14, 2015. On November 2, 2015, our Board of
Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.28 per share,
payable on December 21, 2015 to shareholders of record on December 7, 2015. 

 On February 11, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a cash
dividend on AIG Common Stock of $0.32 per share, payable on March 28, 2016 to
shareholders of record on March 14, 2016.   The
payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of
Directors and will depend on various factors, including the regulatory
framework applicable to us, as discussed further in  Note 16  to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Our Board of Directors has
authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of
actions.  On December 16, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized an additional
increase of $3.0 billion to the previous share repurchase authorization.  

 During 2015, we repurchased
approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $10.7 billion pursuant to this authorization. The total
number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased in 2015 includes (but the
aggregate purchase price does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares of
AIG Common Stock received in January 2015 upon the settlement of an ASR
agreement executed in the fourth quarter of 2014. Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule
10b5-1 repurchase plans, from January 1 to February 11, 2016, we have
repurchased approximately $2.5 billion of additional shares of AIG Common
Stock.  

 On February 11, 2016, our Board of
Directors authorized an additional increase to the repurchase authorization of
AIG Common Stock of $5.0 billion, resulting in a remaining authorization on
such date of approximately $5.8 billion.  Shares may be repurchased from time
to time in the open market, private purchases, through forward, derivative,
accelerated repurchase or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise
(including through the purchase of warrants).  Certain of our share repurchases
have been and may from time to time be effected through Exchange Act Rule
10b5-1 repurchase plans. The timing of any future share repurchases will depend
on market conditions, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity
and other factors, including the regulatory framework applicable to us.   

 Dividend Restrictions  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Payments of dividends to AIG by
its insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by
regulatory authorities. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for a discussion of restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries. 









 


 
  
   
   169 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Enterprise
  Risk Management 
   
  
 


 Risk management includes the identification and measurement
of various forms of risk, the establishment of risk thresholds and the creation
of processes intended to maintain risks within these thresholds while
optimizing returns. We consider risk management an integral part of managing
our core businesses and a key element of our approach to corporate governance. 

 Overview 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   We have
  an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in
  accordance with our firm‑wide risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has
  oversight responsibility for the management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk
  Management (ERM) Department supervises and integrates the risk management
  functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a
  consolidated view of the firm’s major risk positions. Within each business
  unit, senior leaders and executives approve risk‑taking policies and
  targeted risk tolerance within the framework provided by ERM. ERM supports
  our businesses and management in the embedding of enterprise risk management
  in our key day-to-day business processes and in identifying, assessing,
  quantifying, managing, monitoring and reporting, and mitigating the risks
  taken by us and our businesses. Nevertheless, our risk management efforts may
  not always be successful and material adverse effects on our business,
  results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or financial condition may
  occur. 
   
  
    
  
 
     
  
     Enterprise Risk
    Management (ERM) 
     
  
 
   
     ·    Our
    ERM framework provides senior management with a consolidated view of our
    risk appetite and major risk positions. 
     ·    In
    each of our business units, senior leaders and executives approve
    risk-taking policies and targeted risk tolerances within the ERM framework
    while working with ERM to mitigate risks across the firm. 
     ·    Risk management is an integral part of how we manage
    our core businesses. 
     
  
 
   

   
  
 


 

 Risk Governance Structure 

 


 Our risk governance structure fosters the development and
maintenance of a risk and control culture that encompasses all significant risk
categories. Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk
policies is aligned with individual corporate executives, with the risk
committees receiving regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to
support risk governance at our corporate level as well as in each business
unit. We review our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and
make changes as appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern our
risks and risk-taking. 

 Our Board of Directors oversees the management of risk
through its Risk and Capital Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. Those
committees regularly interact with other committees of the Board of Directors.
Our Chief Risk Officer (CRO) reports to both the RCC and our Chief Executive
Officer  (CEO).  

 The Group Risk Committee
(GRC):   The GRC is the senior management
group charged with assessing all significant risk issues on a global basis to
protect our financial strength, optimize our intrinsic value, and protect our
reputation. The GRC is chaired by our CRO. Its membership includes our CEO, Chief
Financial Officer (CFO), and other executives from across our corporate
functions and business units. Our CRO reports periodically on behalf of the GRC
to both the RCC and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Our CRO is
also a member of the management strategy committee providing ERM the
opportunity to review, monitor and consider the impact of changes in strategy. 

 Management committees that
support the GRC are described below. These committees are comprised of senior
executives and experienced business representatives from a range of functions
and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries. These committees are
charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific risk matters within
their respective mandates. 

 Financial Risk Group (FRG):   The FRG is responsible for the oversight of financial
risks taken by us and our subsidiaries. Its mandate includes overseeing our
aggregate credit, market, interest rate, capital, liquidity and model risks, as
well as asset- 
 


 
  
   
   170 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 liability management, derivatives activity, and foreign
exchange transactions. It provides the primary
corporate-level
review function for all proposed transactions and business practices that are
significant in size, complex in scope, or that present heightened legal,
reputational, accounting or regulatory risks. Membership
of the FRG includes our CFO, CRO, Chief Investment Officer and Chief Strategy
Officer. 

 Operational Risk Committee
(ORC):  This committee oversees operational
risk management activities across our businesses, functions, and geographic
locations. The ORC reviews the enterprise-wide identification, escalation and
mitigation of operational risks that may arise from inadequate or failed
internal processes, people, systems, or external events.  The ORC also
monitors current and emerging operational risks, as well as management actions
taken to reduce risks to acceptable  levels. The ORC approves the Operational
Risk Management (ORM) Policy and ORM Framework, which includes the
identification, assessment, monitoring and measurement of risks. The ORC
ensures applicable governance structures are established to provide oversight
of operational risk at each business unit and corporate function. The ORC also
reviews aggregate firm-wide operational risk reports and provides a forum for senior
management to assess our operational risk profile and to discuss operational
risks that may affect our strategic objectives. 

 ORC members include senior AIG executives with expertise in
legal, compliance, technology, human resources, finance and operational risk,
as well as business continuity management and the chief risk officer of our
business units. 

 Business Unit Risk and Capital Committees:  Each of
our major insurance businesses has established a risk committee that serves as the
senior management committee responsible for risk oversight at the individual
business unit level.  The risk committees are responsible for the
identification, assessment and monitoring of all sources of risk within their respective
portfolios. Specific responsibilities include setting risk tolerances, reviewing
capital management strategies (including asset allocation and risk financing),
insurance portfolio optimization, risk management policies and providing
oversight of risk-adjusted metrics. In addition, each business unit has
established subordinate committees which identify, assess and monitor the
specific operational, transactional and financial risks inherent in its
respective business. Together, the committees described above provide
comprehensive risk oversight throughout the organization. 

 


 


 
  
   
   171 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Risk
Appetite Framework 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our Risk Appetite Framework integrates stakeholder
interests, strategic business goals and available financial resources. We
balance these by seeking to take measured risks that are expected to generate
repeatable, sustainable earnings and create long-term value for our
shareholders. The framework includes our Risk Appetite Statement approved by
the Board of Directors or a committee thereof and a set of supporting tools,
including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we use to manage our
risk profile and financial resources.   

 We articulate our aggregate risk-taking by setting risk
tolerances on capital and liquidity measures. These measures are set at the AIG
Parent as well as the legal entity level and cover consolidated and insurance
company capital and liquidity ratios.  We must comply with standards for
capital adequacy and maintain sufficient liquidity to meet all our obligations
as they come due in accordance with our internal capital management and
liquidity policies. Our risk tolerances take into consideration regulatory
requirements, rating agency expectations, and business needs. The GRC routinely
reviews the level of risk taken by the consolidated organization in relation to
the established risk tolerances. A consolidated risk report is also presented
periodically, as required, to the RCC by our CRO. 

 Risk
Limits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 A key component of our Risk Appetite Framework is having a
process in place that establishes and maintains appropriate limits on the
material risks identified for our core businesses and facilitates monitoring
and meeting of both internal and external stakeholder expectations. Our
objectives include: 

 •    
 Monitoring of risks, providing early warning indicators, and ensuring
timely oversight and enforceability; 

 •    
 Defining a consistent and transparent approach to limits governance from
the group-level to regional entities; and 

 •    
 Alignment with Risk Appetite Statement, where applicable.  

 To support the monitoring and management of AIG’s and its
business units’ material risks, ERM has an established limits framework that employs
a three-tiered hierarchy:  

 •    
 Level I Limits  are AIG consolidated level limits. They define our
aggregate maximum exposures for core risks within the boundaries set by the Risk
Appetite Statement, and constrain our concentration in specific risk types.
These limits are set to manage key risks identified by ERM and to meet
requirements by regulators and rating agencies at a consolidated level. Level 1
Limits are reported to the FRG, GRC and RCC. 

 •    
 Level II Limits  are business unit level limits. They define our
appetite for specific, material risk taking activities within business units
and corporate functions. These key risks are identified by ERM for the business
unit and/or corporate function, and risk limits are developed to meet the
specific requirements of regulators and rating agencies. Level II Limits are
reported to the business unit RCCs, where applicable. 

 •    
 Level III Limits  monitor risk utilization on the regional or
local level and are developed to address any specific requirements by
regulators and rating agencies for that region not captured by the Level I and
Level II limits. Level III Limits are reported at the local entity risk
committee. 

 All limits are reviewed by the FRG, GRC or relevant
business unit RCCs on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable, are
approved by those committees. 

 The business units are responsible for measuring and
monitoring their risk exposures. ERM is responsible for monitoring compliance with
limits and providing regular, timely reporting to our senior management and
risk committees. Limit breaches  
 


 
  
   
   172 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 are required to be
reported in a timely manner and are documented and escalated in accordance with
their level of severity or materiality.   

 Risk
Identification and Measurement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 One tool we use to inform our Risk Appetite Framework is
risk identification.  We conduct risk identification through a number of
processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on capturing our
material risks and key areas of focus for follow-up risk management actions. A
key initiative is our  integrated bottom-up risk
identification and assessment process down to the product-line level .
These processes are used as a critical input to enhance and develop our
analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization. 

 We employ various approaches to measure, monitor, and
manage risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and
early warning indicators. We use a proprietary stress testing framework to
measure our quantifiable risks. This framework is built on our existing ERM
stress testing methodology for both insurance and non-insurance operations.  

 The framework measures risk over multiple time horizons and
under different levels of stress. We develop a range of stress scenarios based
both on internal experience and regulatory guidance. The stress tests are
intended to ensure that sufficient resources are available under both
idiosyncratic and systemic market stress conditions. 

 The stress testing framework assesses our aggregate
exposure to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the
risk in each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its
capital needs under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance company
subsidiaries, and risks to AIG consolidated capital. We use this information to
determine the resources needed at the AIG Parent level to support our
subsidiaries and capital resources required to maintain consolidated company
target capitalization levels. 

 
  
   
   We evaluate and manage risk in material topics as shown
  below. These topics are discussed in more detail in the following pages: 
   
  
 
   
    
  
 
   
     •    
     Credit Risk Management 
     
  
     •    
     Liquidity Risk Management  
     
  
     •    
     Insurance Risks 
     
  
 
   
     •    
     Market Risk Management 
     
  
     •    
     Operational Risk Management 
     
  
     •    
     Other Operations Risks 
     
  
 
   
    
  
 


    

 Credit Risk Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Overview 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Credit risk is defined as the risk that our customers or
counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual obligations
when they become due. Credit risk may also result from a downgrade of a counterparty’s
credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads. 

 We devote considerable resources to managing our direct and
indirect credit exposures. These exposures may arise from, but are not limited
to, fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper
investments, reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements, corporate
and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising
from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance
risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees and letters of credit.  


 


 
  
   
   173 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Governance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our credit risks are managed by a team of investment
professionals, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes. ERM is
assisted by credit functions headed by highly experienced credit professionals.
Their primary role is to assure appropriate credit risk management in
accordance with our credit policies and procedures relative to our credit risk
parameters. Our Chief Credit Officer (CCO) and credit executives are primarily
responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of a risk
management framework, which includes the following elements related to our
credit risks:   

 •    
 developing and implementing our company-wide credit policies and procedures; 

 •    
 approving delegated credit authorities to our credit executives and
qualified investment professionals; 

 •    
 developing methodologies for quantification and assessment of credit
risks, including the establishment and maintenance of our internal risk rating
process; 

 •    
 managing a system of credit and program limits, as well as the approval
process for credit transactions, above limit exposures, and concentrations of
risk that may exist or be incurred; 

 •    
 evaluating, monitoring, reviewing and reporting of credit risks and
concentrations regularly with senior management; and 

 •    
 approving appropriate credit reserves, credit-related
other-than-temporary impairments and corresponding methodologies for all credit
portfolios. 

 We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk
concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations,
whether funded or unfunded. To minimize the level of credit risk in some
circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third‑party guarantees,
reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit
and trust collateral accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance
recoverables, and letters of credit as credit exposure and include them in our
risk concentration exposure data. We also monitor closely the quality of any
trust collateral accounts.  

 See Investments – Available for Sale Investments herein for
further information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures. 

 Market
Risk Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Market risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact
due to systemic movements in one or more of the following market risk drivers: 
equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values,
interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, inflation, and their levels
of volatility.  

 We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment and
other financial services businesses that generate market risk, directly and
indirectly. We are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and
capital markets activities, on both the asset and liability side of our balance
sheet through on and off-balance sheet exposures. The chief risk officer within
each business is responsible for creating a framework to properly identify
these risks, then ensuring that they are appropriately measured, monitored and
managed in accordance with the risk governance framework established by the
Chief Market Risk Officer (CMRO).  

 The scope and
magnitude of our market risk exposures is managed under a robust framework that
contains documented risk-taking authorities, defined risk limits and minimum
standards for managing market risk in a manner consistent with our Risk
Appetite Statement. Our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying
the financial repercussions of changes in these broad market observables, as
opposed to from the idiosyncratic risks associated with individual assets that
are addressed through our credit risk management function. 


 


 
  
   
   174 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Risk Identification 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Market risk focuses on quantifying the financial
repercussions of changes in broad, external, predominantly market observable
risks. Financial repercussions can include an adverse impact on results of
operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital. 

 Each of the following systemic risks is considered a market
risk: 

 Equity prices.   We are exposed to changes in equity
market prices affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices can
affect the valuation of publicly-traded equity shares, investments in private
equity, hedge funds and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other
equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance
products, including but not limited to index annuities, variable annuities,
universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance. 

 Residential and commercial real estate values.   Our
investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of changing values in a variety
of residential and commercial real estate investments. Changes in
residential/commercial real estate prices can affect the valuation of
residential/commercial mortgages, residential/commercial mortgage‑backed
securities and other structured securities with underlying assets that include
residential/commercial mortgages: trusts that include residential/commercial
real estate and/or mortgages, residential mortgage insurance contracts and
commercial real estate investments.  

 Interest rates.   Interest rate risk can arise from a
mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. Lower
interest rates generally result in lower investment income and make certain of
our product offerings less attractive to investors. Conversely, higher interest
rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. However, when rates
rise quickly, there can be a temporary asymmetric U.S. GAAP accounting effect
where the existing securities lose market value, which is largely reported in
Other comprehensive income, and the offsetting decrease in the value of related
liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, insurance
contracts including but not limited to fixed rate annuities, variable annuities
and derivative contracts. 

 Credit spreads.   Credit spreads measure an
instrument’s risk premium or yield relative to that of a comparable duration,
default‑free instrument. Changes in credit spreads can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate
bonds, ABS, mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt obligations, credit
derivatives and derivative credit valuation adjustments. Much like higher
interest rates, wider credit spreads with unchanged default losses mean more
investment income in the long‑term. In the short term, quickly rising
spreads will cause a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities,
which is largely reported in Other comprehensive income. A precipitous rise in
credit spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit‑worthiness
of bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses. 

 Foreign exchange (FX) rates.   We are a globally
diversified enterprise with significant income, assets and liabilities
denominated in, and significant capital deployed in, a variety of currencies.
Changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of balance sheet
and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash flows exchanged in
specific transactions.  

 Commodity Prices.   Changes in commodity prices (the
value of commodities) can affect the valuation of publicly‑traded
commodities, commodity indices and derivatives on commodities and commodity
indices. We are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on
the prices and credit quality of commodity producers’ debt and equity
securities in our investment portfolio. 

 Inflation.   Changes in inflation can affect the
valuation of fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt obligations,
derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and
insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly,
via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels. 

 Governance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Market risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM
through the CMRO, who reports directly to the AIG CRO.  The CMRO is supported
by a dedicated team of professionals within ERM. Market Risk is managed by our
finance, treasury and  
 


 
  
   
   175 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 investment management corporate
functions, collectively, and in partnership with ERM. The CMRO is primarily
responsible for the development and maintenance of a risk management framework
that includes the following key components: 

 •      written policies
that define the rules for our market risk-taking activities and provide clear
guidance regarding their execution and management;  

 •      a limit
framework that aligns with our Board-approved Risk Appetite Statement; 

 •      independent
measurement, monitoring and reporting for line of business, business unit and
enterprise-wide market risks; and 

 •      clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to market risk management. 

 These components facilitate the CMRO’s identification,
measurement, monitoring, reporting and management of our market risks.   

 Risk
Measurement  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our market risk measurement framework was developed with
the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our market risk
exposures. At the firm‑wide level market risk is measured in a manner
that is consistent with AIG’s Risk Appetite Statement. This is designed to
ensure that we remain within our stated risk tolerance levels and can determine
how much additional market risk taking capacity is available within our
framework. Our risk appetite is currently defined in terms of capital and
liquidity levels. At the market risk level, the framework measures our overall
exposure to each systemic market risk change on an economic basis. 

 In addition, we continue to use enhanced economic,
U.S. GAAP accounting and statutory capital‑based risk measures at
the market risk level, business‑unit level and firm‑wide levels.
This process aims to ensure that we have a comprehensive view of the impact of
our market risk exposures. 

 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to measure
  our market risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity
  analysis.  Sensitivity analysis measures the impact from a unit
  change in a market risk input. Examples of such sensitivities include a one
  basis point increase in yield on fixed maturity securities, a one basis point
  increase in credit spreads of fixed maturity securities, and a one percent
  increase in prices of equity securities. 
   Scenario analysis.    Scenario
  analysis uses historical, hypothetical, or forward‑looking
  macroeconomic scenarios to assess and report exposures. Examples of
  hypothetical scenarios include a 100 basis point parallel shift in the yield
  curve or a 20 percent immediate and simultaneous decrease in world‑wide
  equity markets. Scenarios may also utilize a stochastic framework to arrive
  at a probability distribution of losses. 
   Stress testing.    Stress
  testing is a special form of scenario analysis in which the scenarios are
  designed to lead to a material adverse outcome. Examples of such scenarios
  include the stock market crash of October 1987 or the widening of yields or
  spreads of RMBS or CMBS during 2008. 
   
  
 


    


 


 
  
   
   176 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Market Risk Sensitivities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table provides estimates of our
sensitivity to changes in yield curves, equity prices and foreign currency
exchange rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet Exposure 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet Effect 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31,  
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   100 bps parallel increase in all
  yield curves 
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate sensitive assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   260,689 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   273,885 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,549) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,107) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,878 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,594 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,092) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (921) 
   
  
 
   
   Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Total interest rate sensitive assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   279,587 
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   290,498 
   
  
   (a)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15,642) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16,029) 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20% decline in stock prices and value of 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   alternative investments 
   
  
 
   
   Equity and alternative investments
  exposure: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,917 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,798 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,183) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,160) 
   
  
 
   
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,233 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,858 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,772) 
   
  
 
   
   Real estate investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,579 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,612 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,316) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (722) 
   
  
 
   
   PICC (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,375 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (448) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (675) 
   
  
 
   
   Common equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,574 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,044 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (315) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (409) 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft asset investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
 
   
   AerCap (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,972 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (994) 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   472 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (94) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (266) 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity and alternative investments  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   exposure 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,491 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,641 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,898) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,128) 
   
  
 
   
   Sensitivity factor  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10% depreciation of all foreign currency  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   exchange rates against the U.S. dollar 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      asset position: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Great Britain pound 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,884 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (216) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (388) 
   
  
 
   
      Hong Kong dollar 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,875 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (288) 
   
  
 
   
      Euro 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,053 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   768 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (205) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (77) 
   
  
 
   
        All other foreign currencies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,310 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,478 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (431) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (448) 
   
  
 
   
   Total foreign currency-denominated net  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   asset position (d) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,005 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,201) 
   
  
 


 (a)    At December 31, 2015, the
analysis covered $279.6 billion of $298.7 billion interest-rate sensitive
assets. Excluded were $10.7 billion of loans and $3.6 billion of investments in
life settlements. In addition, $4.8 billion of assets across various asset categories
were excluded due to modeling limitations. At December 31, 2014, the analysis
covered $290.4 billion of $308.9 billion interest-rate sensitive assets.
Excluded were $8.4 billion of loans and $3.8 billion of investments in life
settlements. In addition, $6.3 billion of assets across various asset
categories were excluded due to modeling limitations.   

 (b)    Includes our investments in
PICC Group and PICC P&C. 

 (c)    In September 2015, we sold
the remainder of our ordinary shares of AerCap. Our 2014 sensitivity calculation
for AerCap was based on our carrying value rather than the stock price as of
the applicable date, as we applied the equity method of accounting prior to the
sale.  

 (d)    The majority of the foreign
currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag. 

 Foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects our
consolidated non‑U.S. dollar assets less our consolidated non‑U.S
dollar liabilities on a U.S. GAAP basis. We use a bottom-up approach in
managing our foreign currency exchange rate exposures with the objective of
protecting statutory capital at the regulated insurance entity level. We manage
cash flow risk on our foreign currency-denominated debt issued by AIG Parent
and use a variety of techniques to mitigate this risk, including but not limited
to the execution of cross-currency swaps and the issuance of new foreign
currency-denominated debt to replace equivalent maturing debt. At the AIG
Parent level, we monitor our foreign currency exposures against single currency
and  
 


 
  
   
   177 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 aggregate currency portfolio limits. As a matter
of general practice, we do not typically hedge our foreign currency exposures
to net investments in subsidiaries.  

 At December 31, 2015, our foreign currency-denominated net
asset position decreased by $1.3 billion, or 11.2 percent, compared to December
31, 2014. The decrease was mostly due to a $1.7 billion decrease in our British
pound position, primarily resulting from the unwinding of a cross-currency swap
and a $737 million decrease in our Hong Kong dollar position, primarily resulting
from the sale of ordinary shares in PICC P&C. These decreases were
partially offset by a $1.3 billion increase in our euro position, primarily
resulting from debt repurchases and hedging.  

 For illustrative purposes, we modeled our sensitivities based
on a 100 basis point increase in yield curves, a 20 percent decline in
equities and alternative assets, and a 10 percent depreciation of all
foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. The estimated results
presented in the table above should not be taken as a prediction, but only as a
demonstration of the potential effects of such events.  

 The sensitivity factors utilized
for 2015 and presented above were selected based on historical data from 1995
to 2015, as follows (see the table below): 

 •      a 100 basis
point parallel shift in the yield curve is consistent with a one standard
deviation movement of the benchmark ten-year treasury yield; 

 •      a 20 percent
drop for equity and alternative investments is broadly consistent with a one
standard deviation movement in the S&P 500; and 

 •      a 10 percent
depreciation of foreign currency exchange rates is consistent with a one
standard deviation movement in the U.S. dollar (USD)/Great Britain pound (GBP)
exchange rate. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  Scenario as 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   2015
  as a Multiple 
   
  
   Original
  2014 Scenario (based 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Standard 
   
  
   Suggested 
   
  
   a
  Multiple of 
   
  
   Change/ 
   
  
   of
  Standard 
   
  
   on
  Standard Deviation for 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Period 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   2015
  Scenario 
   
  
   Standard
  Deviation 
   
  
   Return 
   
  
   Deviation 
   
  
   1994-2014
  Period) 
   
  
 
   
   10-Year
  Treasury 
   
  
   1995-2015 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   1.00 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
 
   
   S&P 500 
   
  
   1995-2015 
   
  
   0.18 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
   1.09 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   0.04 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
 
   
   USD/GBP 
   
  
   1995-2015 
   
  
   0.09 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
   1.06 
   
  
   (0.05) 
   
  
   0.57 
   
  
   0.10 
   
  
 


 Risk
Monitoring and Limits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by the business
units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and escalation and
remediation of limit breaches. Such activities must be reported to the ERM
Market Risk team by the relevant business unit. This monitoring approach is
aligned with our overall risk limits framework.  

 To control our exposure to market risk, we rely on a
three-tiered hierarchy of limits that the CMRO closely monitors and reports to
our CRO, senior management and risk committees.  

 See Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification, and Measurement
– Risk Limits herein for further information on our three-tiered hierarchy of
limits. 

 Liquidity Risk Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial
condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to
meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations. Failure to
appropriately manage liquidity risk can result in insolvency, reduced operating
flexibility, increased costs, reputational harm and regulatory action.  

 AIG and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient
liquidity during both the normal course of business and under defined liquidity
stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash can be generated to meet the
obligations as they come due. 


 


 
  
   
   178 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 AIG Parent liquidity risk
tolerance levels allow it to meet its obligations over a twelve month horizon
consistent with its risk appetite. We maintain a target range for required
liquidity and minimum coverage ratios designed to ensure that funding needs are
met under varying market conditions. If we project that we will breach these
tolerances, we will assess and determine appropriate liquidity management
actions. However, the market conditions in effect at that time may not permit us
to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity
requirements. 

 Risk
Identification 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following sources of liquidity and funding risks could
impact our ability to meet short-term financial obligations as they come due.   

 •       
 Market/Monetization Risk: Assets cannot be readily transformed into cash
due to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may limit our
ability to sell assets at reasonable values to meet liquidity needs.    

 •       
 Cash Flow Mismatch Risk: Discrete and cumulative cash flow mismatches or
gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse business
conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls. 

 •       
 Event Funding Risk: Additional funding is required as the result of a
trigger event. Event funding risk comes in many forms and may result from a
downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other event that creates a
funding obligation or limits existing funding options.  

 •       
 Financing Risk: We are unable to raise additional cash on a secured or unsecured
basis due to unfavorable market conditions, AIG-specific issues, or any other
issue that impedes access to additional funding. 

 Governance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liquidity risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM
through the CMRO, who reports directly to the AIG CRO.  The AIG CRO has
responsibility for the oversight of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework and
delegates the day-to-day implementation of this framework to the AIG Treasurer.
Our corporate treasury function manages liquidity risk, subject to ERM
oversight and various control processes. 

 The Liquidity Risk Management Framework is guided by the
liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the Board-approved Risk Appetite
Statement.   The principal objective of this
framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our
long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business, and to meet
short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and stressed
conditions.  

 Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework includes a number of
liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific,
broader industry and market related liquidity events. 

 Risk
Measurement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Comprehensive cash flow projections under normal conditions
are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity risk. We
produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons that
incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and
likely cash inflows and outflows. In addition, we perform stress testing by
identifying liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these
scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity. 


 


 
  
   
   179 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   We use a
  number of approaches to measure  our  liquidity  risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Target Liquidity Range: 
  Target Liquidity Range specifies the amount of assets required to be
  maintained in specific liquidity portfolios to meet obligations as they arise
  over a twelve month horizon under stressed liquidity conditions.   
   Coverage Ratios: 
  Coverage Ratios measure the adequacy of available liquidity sources,
  including the ability to monetize assets to meet the forecasted cash flows
  over a specified time horizon. The portfolio of assets is selected based on
  our ability to convert those assets into cash under the assumed market
  conditions and within the specified time horizon.  
   Cash Flow Forecasts: 
  Cash Flow Forecasts measure the liquidity needed for a specific legal entity
  over a specified time horizon. 
   Stress
  Testing:  Coverage Ratios and Asset Ratios are re-measured under defined
  liquidity stress scenarios that will impact net cash flows, liquid assets
  and/or other funding sources. 
   
  
 


 Relevant liquidity reporting is produced and reported
regularly to AIG Parent and business unit risk committees. The frequency,
content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit and legal
entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size. 

 Operational
Risk Management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other
adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes,
people, systems, or from external events. Operational risk includes legal,
regulatory and compliance risks, but excludes business and strategy risks.  

 Operational risk is inherent in each of our business units.
Operational risks can have many impacts, including but not limited to: unexpected
economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to negative publicity, regulatory
action from supervisory agencies, operational and business disruptions, and/or
damage to customer relationships. 

 ORM oversees the Operational Risk policy and framework,
which includes risk identification, assessment, prioritization, measurement, monitoring,
and reporting of operational risk. As part of the framework, we deploy a series
of operational risk programs to support our business units with the
identification, monitoring and reporting of operational risks. The ORM programs
include, but are not limited to, several key components as outlined below: 

 •         The
Risk Event Capture process enables each employee to identify, document, and
escalate operational risk impacts, with a view to enhancing, processes and
promoting lessons learned.  

 •         The
Vulnerability Identification (VID) process identifies emerging risks, which we
consider to be risks that have not yet fully manifested themselves but could become
significant over time.  

 •         The
Ordinal Risk Ranking effort provides an ordinal ranking of the firm’s most
significant operational risks at the Enterprise, Segment or Regional levels,
with the goal of prioritizing assessment and remediation activity.  

 •         The
Risk and Control Self-Assessments (RCSAs) allow for the identification and
assessment of the key operational risks within our respective business units
and a determination as to whether the related controls are effective.   

 •         Scenario
Analyses are executed to identify the remote, but plausible, potential risks
that could result in severe financial losses.   

 ORM, working together with other key second lines of defense
functions (e.g., Model Validation and the Technology Risk office, as well as
Compliance, SOX, and Global Business Continuity), provides an independent view
of Operational Risk for each business, and works with the business to
facilitate implementation of the above programs.  This includes coverage of operational
risks related to core insurance activities, investing, model risk, technology
(including cyber security, access, data  
 


 
  
   
   180 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 privacy and
data security), third-party providers, as well as compliance and regulatory
matters. Based on the results of the risk identification and assessment efforts
above, business leaders are accountable for tracking and remediating identified
issues in line with our risk monitoring procedures. Governance committees
support these efforts and promote transparency and management decision making.  

   

 
  
   
   An integrated risk
  and control framework facilitates the identification and mitigation of operational
  risk issues. To accomplish this, our integrated risk and control framework is
  designed to: 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   ensure first line accountability and ownership of risks and controls;  
   •    
   promote role clarity among the business and risk and control
  functions; 
   •    
   enhance transparency, risk management governance and culture; 
   •    
   foster greater consistency in identifying and ranking material risks; 
   •    
   pro-actively address potential risk issues and assign clear ownership
  and accountability for addressing identified risk issues; and 
   •    
   accelerate the development of technology solutions that support
  objectives above. 
   
  
 


    

 Insurance
Risks 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Except as described above, we manage our business risk oversight
activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in managing our
insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on
equity. To achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium
adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted.   

 We operate our insurance businesses on a global basis, and we are exposed
to a wide variety of risks with different time horizons. We manage these risks
throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of
procedures: 

 •      pre-launch
approval of product design, development and distribution; 

 •      underwriting
approval processes and authorities; 

 •      exposure limits
with ongoing monitoring; 

 •      management of
relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging; 

 •      enhanced pricing
models; 

 •      modeling and
reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels (policy,
line of business, product group, country, individual/group, correlation and
catastrophic risk events); 

 •      compliance with
financial reporting and capital and solvency targets; 

 •      use of
reinsurance, both internal and third-party; and 

 •      review and
establishment of reserves. 

 We closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and
controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each line of
business underwritten, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the
premiums we charge for taking on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risk
using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions
(stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches. 

 


 
  
   
   181 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Risk Identification 

 


 •      Non-Life Insurance Companies  — risks covered
include property, casualty, fidelity/surety, accident and health, aviation,
management liability and mortgage insurance. We manage risks in the general
insurance business through aggregations and limitations of concentrations at
multiple levels: policy, line of business, geography, industry and legal
entity. We manage risks in the mortgage
insurance business through geographic classification, risk based pricing,
premium adequacy monitoring, and prudent credit policy and underwriting
standards. 

 •      Life
Insurance Companies  —  risks include mortality and morbidity in the
insurance-oriented products and insufficient cash flows to cover contract
liabilities and longevity risk in the retirement savings-oriented products. We
manage risks through product design, sound medical and non-medical underwriting,
and external reinsurance programs. 

 We
purchase reinsurance for our insurance operations.  Reinsurance facilitates insurance risk management
(retention, volatility, concentrations) and capital planning. We may purchase
reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of our reinsurance risks enables us to
purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a consolidated level, manage global
counterparty risk and relationships and manage global catastrophe risks, both
for the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the
Life Insurance Companies. 

 Governance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Insurance risks are monitored at the business unit level
within ERM and overseen by the business unit chief risk officer, who reports
directly to our CRO. The framework includes the following key components: 

 •      written policies
that define the rules for our insurance risk-taking activities;  

 •      a limit
framework focused on key insurance risks that aligns with our Board-approved
Risk Appetite Statement; and 

 •      clearly defined
authorities for all individuals and committee roles and responsibilities
related to insurance risk management. 

 Risk
Measurement, Monitoring and Limits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
   We use a number of approaches to measure
  our insurance risk exposure, including: 
   
  
 
   
   Stochastic
  methods.  Stochastic methods are used to measure and monitor risks
  including natural catastrophe, reserve and premium risk. We develop probabilistic
  estimates of risk based on our exposures, historical observed volatility or
  industry-recognized models in the case of catastrophe risk. 
   Scenario analysis.   Scenario
  or deterministic analysis is used to measure and monitor risks such as
  terrorism or to estimate losses due to man-made catastrophic scenarios. 
   
  
 


 In addition, we monitor concentrations of exposure through
insurance limits aggregated along dimensions such as geography, industry, or
counterparty. 

 The risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units
include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and
remediation of limit breaches. Such activities are reported to management by
the relevant business unit for informative decision-making on a regular basis.
This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework.  

 Risk limits have a consistent framework used across AIG, its
business units, and legal entities. This includes escalation thresholds in
cases where measurement is particularly challenging.   


 


 
  
   
   182 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 See Risk Appetite, Limits,
Identification, and Measurement – Risk Limits herein for further information on
our three-tiered hierarchy of limits 

 Non-Life
Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We manage insurance risks through risk review and selection
processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured
retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. This
management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and
the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions
for insurance. Underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate
historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and
judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes. 

 For Non-Life Insurance Companies, insurance risks primarily
include the following: 

 •    
 Liability for Unpaid
Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses -  The
potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses is a key risk faced by the  Non-Life
Insurance Companies . There is significant uncertainty
in factors that may drive the ultimate development of losses compared to our
estimates of losses and loss adjustment expenses. We manage this uncertainty
through internal controls and oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as
well as reviews by external experts. See Item 1. Business – A review of
Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses herein for further information. 

 •    
 Underwriting -  The potential inadequacy of premiums charged for future
risk periods on risks underwritten in our portfolios can impact the  Non-Life
Insurance Companies’  ability to achieve an
underwriting profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and
expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and
complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to
generate underwriting profit. This may be driven by adverse economic
conditions, unanticipated emergence of risks or increase in frequency of
claims, worse than expected prepayment of policies, investment results, or unexpected
or increased costs or expenses.  

 •    
 Catastrophe
Exposure -  Our business is exposed to various catastrophic events in
which multiple losses can occur and affect multiple lines of business in any
calendar year. Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and other
catastrophes, have the potential to adversely affect our operating results.
Other risks, such as man-made catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also
adversely affect our business and operating results to the extent they are
covered by our insurance products. Concentration of exposure in certain
industries or geographies may cause us to suffer disproportionate losses. 

 •    
 Single
Risk Loss Exposure   –   Our business
is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses from a
single insured client. Events such as fires or explosions can result in loss activity
for our clients. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable limits established
by our GRC through a combination of internal underwriting standards and
external reinsurance. Furthermore, single risk loss exposure is managed and
monitored on both a segregated and aggregated basis.  

 •    
 Reinsurance    -    Since we use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are
exposed to risks associated with reinsurance including the unrecoverability of
expected payments from reinsurers either due to an inability or unwillingness
to pay, contracts that do not respond properly to the event, or that actual
reinsurance coverage is different than anticipated.   The inability
or unwillingness to pay is considered credit risk and is monitored through our
credit risk management framework. 

 Natural
Catastrophe Risk 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such
as setting risk limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss (PML) modeling,
monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing catastrophe
reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital markets in
addition to other reinsurance protections. 

 We use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools
to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and
associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. We apply a proprietary
multi-model approach to account for  
 


 
  
   
   183 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 relative
strengths and weaknesses of vendor models, and make adjustments to modeled
losses to account for loss adjustment expenses, model biases, data quality and
non-modeled risks. 

 We perform post-catastrophe event studies to identify model
weaknesses, underwriting gaps, and improvement opportunities.  Lessons learned from  post-catastrophe event  studies are incorporated into the modeling and underwriting
processes of risk pricing and selection. The majority of policies exposed to
catastrophic risks are one-year contracts which allow us to adjust our underwriting
guidelines, pricing and exposure accumulation in a relatively short period.  

 We recognize that climate change has implications for  insurance
industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels of risk
management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science
and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models
and strategic planning. For example, we continually consider changes in climate
and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. In
addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and
services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change,
including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing
greenhouse gas emissions. Our internal product development, underwriting,
modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve
with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. 

 Our natural catastrophe exposure is primarily driven by the
U.S. and Japan, though our overall exposure is diversified across multiple
countries. For example, we have exposures to additional perils such as European
windstorms and floods. Within the U.S., we have significant hurricane exposure
in Florida, the Gulf of Mexico, Northeast U.S. and mid-Atlantic regions. Events
impacting the Northeast U.S. and the mid-Atlantic may result in a higher share
of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our relative share of
exposure in those regions. Within the U.S., we have significant earthquake
exposure in California, the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid regions.
Earthquakes impacting the Pacific Northwest and New Madrid regions may result
in a higher share of industry losses than other regions primarily due to our
relative share of exposure in these regions. 

 The estimates below are the Occurrence Exceedance
Probability (OEP) losses, which reflect losses that may occur in any single event
due to the defined peril. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the probable
maximum losses from a single natural catastrophe event with probability of 1 percent
and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively.   

 The following table presents an overview of OEP modeled
losses for top perils and countries.  

 
  
   
   At December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of 2016 
   
  
   Percent of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross  
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance, After Tax 
   
  
   Shareholder Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exposures: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S.
  Hurricane (1-in-100) (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,332 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,144 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,044 
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   U.S.
  Earthquake (1-in-250) (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,487 
   
  
   2.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese
  Wind (1-in-100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   936 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   340 
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Japanese
  Earthquake (1-in-250) (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   993 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   601 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   391 
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a)    The U.S. hurricane amount
includes losses to Property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge. 

 (b)    U.S. earthquake loss estimates
represent exposure to Property, Workers’ Compensation (U.S.) and A&H
business lines. 

 (c)    Japan Earthquake represents
exposure to Property and A&H business lines. 

 The OEP estimates provided above reflect our in-force
portfolios at September 30, 2015, for both U.S. and Japan exposures. The
catastrophe reinsurance program is as of January 1, 2016. 

 As noted above, AIG, along with other non-life insurance and
reinsurance companies, utilizes industry-recognized catastrophe models and
apply their proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss
estimates. The use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially
change the projected losses. Since there is no industry standard for
assumptions and preparation of insured data for use in these models, modeled
losses may not be comparable to estimates made by other companies.  

 Also, the modeled results are based on the assumption that
all reinsurers fulfill their obligations to us under the terms of the
reinsurance arrangements and all catastrophe bonds attach and pay as modeled. However,
reinsurance recoverable may not be fully collectible. In particular, the use of
catastrophe bonds may not provide commensurate levels of protection compared to
 
 


 
  
   
   184 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 traditional reinsurance transactions. Therefore,
these estimates are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our
exposure to these events.  

 Our 2016 catastrophe reinsurance program includes coverage
for natural catastrophes and some coverage for terrorism events. It consists of
a large North American occurrence cover (without reinstatement) to protect
against large North America losses, and Japan occurrence and aggregate covers
to protect against losses in Japan. The attachment point for this reinsurance
program is at $3 billion for the North American cover and varies by line of
business for the Japan covers.   

 Actual results in any period are likely to vary, perhaps
materially, from the modeled scenarios. The occurrence of one or more severe
events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and liquidity. See also Item 1A. Risk Factors — Reserves and
Exposures for additional information. 

 Terrorism
Risk 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to
losses from terrorist attacks. We have set risk limits based on modeled losses
from certain terrorism attack scenarios. Terrorism risks are modeled using a third-party
vendor model and various terrorism attack modes and scenarios. Adjustments are
made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature of the Non-Life Insurance
Companies exposures. Examples of modeled scenarios are conventional bombs of
different sizes, anthrax attacks and nuclear attacks. 

 Our largest terrorism exposures are in New York City, and
estimated losses are largely driven by the Property and Workers’ Compensation
lines of business. At our largest exposure location, modeled losses for a
five-ton bomb attack net of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program
Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA) and reinsurance recoveries are estimated to be $3
billion as of September 30, 2015. We also have smaller terrorism exposure in
Canadian cities and in London.  

 Our exposure to terrorism risk is mitigated by TRIPRA in
addition to limited private reinsurance protections. TRIPRA covers terrorist
attacks within the United States or U.S. missions and against certain U.S.
carriers or vessels and excludes certain lines of business as specified by
applicable law. In 2016, TRIPRA covers 84 percent of insured losses above a
deductible, decreasing by one percent each year to 80 percent in 2020. The
current estimate of our deductible is approximately $2.7 billion for 2015.   

 We offer terrorism coverage in many other countries through
various insurance products and participate in country terrorism pools when
applicable. International terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based
modeling and exposure concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted
reinsurance purchases are made for some lines of business to cover potential losses
due to terrorist attacks. 

 Mortgage
Risk 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For Mortgage Guaranty, the potential exposure to loss is due
to borrower default on a first-lien residential mortgage; the primary drivers
of this risk are changes in mortgage underwriting standards, home price
depreciation, changes in the unemployment rate, changes in mortgage rates, and
mortgagee behavior. 

 Mortgage Guaranty manages the quality of the loans it
insures through use of a proprietary risk quality index. Mortgage Guaranty uses
this index to determine an insurability threshold as well as to manage the risk
distribution of its new business. Along with traditional mortgage underwriting
variables, Mortgage Guaranty’s risk-based pricing model uses rating factors
such as local housing economic conditions to establish premium rates. 

 Reinsurance
Recoverable 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG’s reinsurance recoverable assets are comprised of: 


 


 
  
   
   185 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 •    
 Paid losses recoverable – balances due from reinsurers for losses and
loss adjustment expenses paid by our subsidiaries and billed, but not yet
collected. 

 •      Ceded loss
reserves – ultimate ceded reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses,
including reserves for claims reported but not yet paid and estimates for IBNR. 

 •      Ceded reserves
for unearned premiums. 

 At December 31, 2015,
total reinsurance recoverable assets were $20.4 billion. These assets
include general reinsurance paid losses recoverable of $1.2 billion, ceded
loss reserves of $14.5 billion including reserves for IBNR, and ceded
reserves for unearned premiums of $3.0 billion, as well as life reinsurance recoverables
of $1.7 billion. The methods used to estimate IBNR and to establish the
resulting ultimate losses involve projecting the frequency and severity of
losses over multiple years. These methods are continually reviewed and updated
by management. Any adjustments are reflected in income. We believe that the amount
recorded for ceded loss reserves at December 31, 2015 reflects a
reasonable estimate of the ultimate losses recoverable. Actual losses may,
however, differ, perhaps materially, from the reserves currently ceded. 

 The Reinsurance Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic
detailed assessments of the financial strength and condition of current and
potential reinsurers, both foreign and domestic. The RCD monitors both the
financial condition of reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable
ceded to reinsurers, and set limits with regard to the amount and type or
exposure we are willing to take with reinsurers. As part of these assessments,
we attempt to identify whether a reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess
its financial capacity and liquidity; and evaluate the local economic and
financial environment in which a foreign reinsurer operates. The RCD reviews
the nature of the risks ceded and the need for measures, including collateral
to mitigate credit risk. For example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we
frequently include provisions that allow us to require a reinsurer to post
collateral or use other measures to reduce exposure when a referenced event
occurs. Furthermore, we limit our unsecured exposure to reinsurers through the
use of credit triggers such as insurer financial strength rating downgrades,
declines in regulatory capital, or specified declines in risk-based capital
(RBC) ratios. We also set maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure,
which in some cases is the recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum
potential exposure from unexpected events for a reinsurer. In addition, credit
executives within ERM review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve
reinsurer credit limits above specified levels. Finally, even where we conclude
that uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from
active reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to
recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes.
At December 31, 2015, we held $7.4 billion of collateral, in the form of funds
withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable letters
of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from unaffiliated
reinsurers. We believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer represents an
inappropriate concentration of risk to us, nor is our business substantially
dependent upon any single reinsurance contract. 

 The following table presents information for each
reinsurer representing in excess of five percent of our total reinsurance
recoverable assets: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
      
   
  
   A.M. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   S&P 
   
  
   Best 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
   Rating (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurer: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Swiss Reinsurance Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA- 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,553 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.5 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   733 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,820 
   
  
 
   
   Berkshire Hathaway Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA+ 
   
  
   A++ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,275 
   
  
   (d) 
   
  
   11.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,408 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   867 
   
  
 
   
   Munich Reinsurance Group of Companies 
   
  
   AA- 
   
  
   A+ 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   977 
   
  
 


 (a) The
financial strength ratings reflect the ratings of the various reinsurance
subsidiaries of the companies listed as of February 5, 2016. 

 (b) Total
reinsurance assets include both the Non-Life Insurance Companies and the Life
Insurance Companies reinsurance recoverable. 

 (c)  Excludes
collateral held in excess of applicable balances.  

 (d) Includes
$1.8 billion recoverable under the 2011 retroactive reinsurance transaction pursuant
to which a large portion of the Non-Life Insurance Companies  net domestic
asbestos liabilities were transferred to NICO. Does not include reinsurance
assets ceded to other reinsurers for which NICO has assumed the collection
risk. See Liability for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses — Transfer
of Domestic Asbestos Liabilities. 

 At
December 31, 2015, we had no significant general reinsurance recoverable
due from any individual reinsurer that was financially troubled.  Reinsurer capital levels continued to increase in 2015,
thereby increasing  the industry’s underwriting
capacity. This increased capacity has resulted in increased competition and
lower rates for 2016 renewals. Reduced profitability associated with lower
rates could potentially result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for
some reinsurers.  
 


 
  
   
   186 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The RCD, in conjunction with the
credit executives within ERM, reviews these developments, monitors compliance
with credit triggers that may require the reinsurer to post collateral, and
seeks to use other appropriate means to mitigate any material risks arising
from these developments .  

 See Item 7. MD&A – Critical Accounting Estimates –
Reinsurance Assets for further discussion of reinsurance recoverable.  

 Life
Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our Retirement and Life segments manage risk through product
design, experience monitoring, pricing actions, risk limitations, reinsurance
and active monitoring and management of the relationships between assets and
liabilities, including hedging.  

 For our Retirement and Life products offered by the Life
Insurance Companies, key insurance risks include the following: 

 •      Mortality risk –  represents
the risk of loss arising from actual mortality rates being higher than expected
mortality rates.  This risk could arise from pandemics or other events,
including longer-term societal changes that cause higher than expected mortality.
This risk exists in a number of our product lines, but is most significant for
our life insurance products. 

 •      Longevity risk  – represents the risk of a change in value of a policy or
benefit as a result of actual mortality rates being lower than the expected
mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer-term societal health changes
as well as other factors. This risk exists in a number of our product lines but
is most significant for our retirement, institutional and annuity products. 

 •      Policyholder behavior risk
including surrender/lapse risk  – represents
the risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from expected behavior in a
manner that has an adverse effect on our results of operations. There are many
assumptions made when products are sold, including how long the contracts will
persist. Actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions.  This
risk is impacted by a number of factors including changes in market conditions,
especially interest rate and equity market changes, tax law, regulations and
policyholder preferences. This risk exists in the majority of our product
lines. 

 •      Interest rate risk  -
represents the potential for loss due to a change in interest rates. Interest
rate risk is measured with respect to assets, liabilities (both
insurance-related and financial) and derivatives. This risk manifests itself
when interest rates move significantly in a short period of time.  Rapidly
rising interest rates create the potential for increased surrenders. Interest
rate risk  can also manifest itself over a longer
period of time, such as in a persistent low interest rate environment.  Low
long-term interest rates put pressure on investment returns, which may
negatively affect sales of interest rate sensitive products and reduce future profits
on certain existing fixed rate products .  

 •      Equity risk  –
represents the potential for loss due to changes in equity prices. It affects
equity-linked insurance products, including but not limited to index annuities,
variable annuities (and associated guaranteed living and death benefits, as
discussed below), universal life insurance and variable universal life
insurance. In addition, changes in the volatility of equity prices can affect
the valuation of insurance features that are accounted for as embedded
derivatives and the related economic hedges. 

 The emergence of significant adverse experience compared to
the initial assumptions at policy issuance or updated assumption would require
an adjustment to DAC and benefit reserves, which could have a material adverse
effect on our consolidated results of operations for a particular period. For
additional discussion of the impact of actual and expected experience on DAC
and benefit reserves, see Critical Accounting Estimates – Future Policy
Benefits for Life and Accident and Health (Life Insurance Companies) and
Critical Accounting Estimates – Guaranteed Benefit Features of Variable Annuity
Products (Life Insurance Companies). For additional discussion of business risks,
see Item 1A. Risk Factors — Business and Operations. 

 

 Variable Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program 

 


 Our Retirement Income
Solutions and Group Retirement businesses offer variable annuity products with
riders that guarantee a certain level of benefits. Certain guaranteed living
benefits, which include GMWB and GMAB, are accounted for as  
 


 
  
   
   187 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with
changes in the fair value recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses).
GMWB and GMAB features subject the Life Insurance Companies to market risk,
including exposure to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads
and market volatility. 

 Variable annuity product design is the first step
in managing our exposure to these market risks. Risk mitigation features of our
variable annuity product design include GMWB rider fees indexed to an equity
market volatility index, which can provide additional fee assessments in
periods of market volatility, required minimum allocations to fixed accounts to
reduce overall equity exposure, and the utilization of volatility control
funds, which reduce equity exposure in the funds in response to changes in
market volatility, even under sudden or extreme market movements. 

 After reflecting our
product risk-mitigating features, we hedge our remaining economic exposure to
market risk within GMWB and GMAB features through our variable annuity hedging
program, which is designed to offset certain changes in the economic value of
these GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives, within established thresholds. The
hedging program is designed to provide additional protection against large and
combined movements in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility
under multiple scenarios. 

 Our hedging program
utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents our estimate of the
underlying economic drivers of these embedded derivatives, based on the present
value of the future expected benefit payments for the GMWB and GMAB, less the
present value of future rider fees, over numerous stochastic scenarios.  This
stochastic projection method uses best estimate assumptions for policyholder
behavior (including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization) in
conjunction with market scenarios calibrated to observable equity and interest rate
option prices.  Policyholder behaviors are regularly evaluated to compare
current assumptions to actual experience and, if appropriate, changes are made
to the policyholder behavior assumptions. The risk of changes in policyholder
behavior is not explicitly hedged and such differences between expected and
actual policyholder behaviors may result in hedge ineffectiveness. 

 Due to differences between the calculation of the
economic hedge target and U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivative, which
include differences in the treatment of rider fees and exclusion of certain
risk margins and other differences in discount rates, we expect relative movements
in the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative valuation
will vary over time with changes in equity markets, interest rates and credit
spreads.  See Results of Operations – Life Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves
- Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefit Features and Hedging Program for
information on the impact on our consolidated pre-tax income from the change in
fair value of the embedded derivatives and the hedging portfolio, as well as
additional discussion of differences between the economic hedge target and the
valuation of the embedded derivatives. 

 In designing our hedging portfolio, we make
assumptions and projections about the future performance of the underlying
contract holder funds. To project future account value changes, we make
assumptions about how each of the underlying funds will perform. We map the
contract holder funds to a set of publicly traded indices that we believe best
represent the liability to be hedged. Basis risk exists due to the variance
between these assumptions and actual fund returns, which may result in
variances between changes in the hedging portfolio and changes in the economic
hedge target. Net hedge results and the cost of hedging are also impacted by
differences between realized volatility and implied volatility. 

 To manage the capital market exposures embedded
within the economic hedge target, we identify and hedge market sensitivities to
changes in equity markets, interest rates, volatility and credit spreads.  The
hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities having
sensitivities that offset those in the economic hedge target, within internally
defined threshold levels.  Since the relative movements of the hedging
portfolio and the economic hedge target vary over time or with market changes,
the net exposure can be outside the threshold limits, and adjustments to the
hedging portfolio are made periodically to return the net exposure to within
threshold limits.  

 Our hedging program utilizes various derivative
instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts,
interest rate swaps and swaption contracts, as well as other hedging
instruments.  In addition, we purchase certain fixed income securities and
elect the fair value option as a capital efficient way to manage interest rate
and credit spread exposures.  To minimize counterparty credit risk, the
majority of our derivative instrument hedges are implemented using
exchange-traded futures and options, cleared through global exchanges. Over the
counter derivatives are highly collateralized. 

 The hedging program is monitored on a daily basis
to ensure that the economic hedge target and derivative portfolio are within
the threshold limits, pursuant to the approved hedge strategy.  Daily risk
monitoring verifies that the net risk exposures, as measured through
sensitivities to a large set of market shocks, are within the approved net risk
exposure threshold limits.  In addition, monthly stress tests are performed to
determine the program’s effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under
an  
 


 
  
   
   188 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  enterprise risk management 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 array of combined severe market stresses in equity
prices, interest rates, volatility and credit spreads.  Finally, hedge
strategies are reviewed regularly to gauge their effectiveness in managing our
market exposures in the context of our overall risk appetite. 

 Other
Operations Risks 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Derivative
Transactions  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge
exposure to interest rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equities and other
risks. Credit risk associated with derivative counterparties exists for a
derivative contract when that contract has a positive fair value to us. The
maximum potential exposure will increase or decrease during the life of the
derivative commitments as a function of maturity and market conditions.  All
derivative transactions must be transacted within counterparty limits that have
been approved by ERM. 

 We evaluate counterparty credit quality by internal analysis
consistent with the AIG Credit Policy.  We utilize various credit enhancements,
including letters of credit, guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit
derivatives, margin agreements and subordination to reduce the credit risk
relating to outstanding financial derivative transactions. We require credit
enhancements in connection with specific transactions based on, among other
things, the creditworthiness of the counterparties, and transaction size and
maturity. Furthermore, we enter into certain agreements that have the benefit
of set-off and close-out netting provisions, such as ISDA Master Agreements.
These provisions provide that, in the case of an early termination of a
transaction, we can set off receivables from a counterparty against payables to
the same counterparty arising out of all covered transactions. As a result,
where a legally enforceable netting agreement exists, the fair value of the
transaction with the counterparty represents the net sum of estimated fair
values. 

 The fair value of our interest rate, currency, credit, commodity
and equity swaps, options, swaptions, and forward commitments, futures, and
forward contracts reported as a component of Other Assets, was approximately
$1.3 billion at December 31, 2015 and $1.6 billion at December 31,
2014. Where applicable, these amounts have been determined in accordance with
the respective master netting agreements. 

 The following table presents the fair value of our
derivatives portfolios in asset positions by internal counterparty credit
rating: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Rating: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      AAA 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
      AA 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
      A 
   
  
     
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   441 
   
  
 
   
      BBB 
   
  
     
   
  
   767 
   
  
     
   
  
   838 
   
  
 
   
      Below investment grade 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
 


 See Note 10
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion related to
derivative transactions. 

 AIG
Parent and Other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The major risk for investments in life settlements is
longevity risk, which represents the risk of a change in the carrying value of the
contracts arising from actual mortality rates being lower than the expected
mortality rates. This risk could arise from longer term societal health changes
as well as other factors. 









 


 
  
   
   189 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Critical
  Accounting Estimates 
   
  
 


 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
U.S. GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment. 

 
  
   
   The
  accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of
  estimates and assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are
  related to the determination of: 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net
  deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating
  profitability of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax
  asset; 
   •    
   liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses; 
   •    
   reinsurance assets; 
   •    
   valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent
  of loss recognition; 
   •    
   valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable
  annuity products; 
   •    
   estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
  investment-oriented products; 
   •    
   impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on
  available for sale securities, impairments on other invested assets,
  including investments in life settlements, and goodwill impairment; 
   •    
   liability for legal contingencies; and 
   •      fair value
  measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities. 
   
  
 


 These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions
about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To
the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially
affected.  

 The major assumptions used to establish each critical
accounting estimate are discussed below. 

 Income
Taxes  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Recoverability
of Net Deferred Tax Asset 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The evaluation of the recoverability of our net deferred tax
asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive
and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not
that all or some portion of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized.
The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it
can be objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, the more
positive evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a
conclusion that a valuation allowance is not needed. 

 We consider a number of factors to reliably estimate future
taxable income so we can determine the extent of our ability to realize net
operating losses (NOLs), foreign tax credits (FTCs), realized capital loss and
other carryforwards. These factors include forecasts of future income for each
of our businesses and actual and planned business and operational changes, both
of which include assumptions about future macroeconomic and AIG‑specific
conditions and events. We subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions
and evaluate the effect on tax attribute utilization. We also apply stresses to
our assumptions about the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax
planning strategies. Our income forecasts, coupled with our tax  
 


 
  
   
   190 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 planning strategies, all resulted in sufficient taxable
income to achieve realization of the U.S. tax attributes prior to their
expiration. 

 We separately assess the recoverability of our net deferred
tax asset related to unrealized tax capital losses in the U.S. Life Insurance
Companies’ available for sale portfolio. The deferred tax asset relates to the
unrealized losses for which the carryforward period has not yet begun, as such when
assessing its recoverability we consider our ability and intent to hold the
underlying securities to recovery.  As of December 31, 2015, based on all
available evidence, we concluded that a valuation allowance should be
established on a portion of the deferred tax asset related to unrealized losses
that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized.  

 See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
discussion of our framework for assessing the recoverability of our deferred
tax asset. 

 Uncertain
Tax Positions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our accounting for income taxes,
including uncertain tax positions, represents management’s best estimate of
various events and transactions, and requires judgment.  FASB Interpretation
No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes” (FIN 48) (now incorporated
into Accounting Standards Codification, 740, Income Taxes) prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement
recognition and measurement of an income tax position taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. The standard also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties and additional disclosures. We determine
whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained, based
on technical merits, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities before
any part of the benefit can be recognized in the financial statements. A tax
position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50%
likely of being realized upon settlement. 

 We classify interest expense and
penalties recognized on income taxes as a component of income taxes. 

 U.S.
Income Taxes on Earnings of Certain Foreign Subsidiaries 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to determining
the amount of income taxes related to differences between the book carrying
amounts and tax bases of subsidiaries are complex. Determining the amount also
requires significant judgment and reliance on reasonable assumptions and
estimates.  

 Insurance
Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liability
for Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (Non-Life Insurance Companies) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The estimate of the Liability for unpaid losses and loss
adjustment expenses consists of several key judgments:  

 •    
 the determination of the actuarial models used as the basis for these
estimates;   

 •    
 the relative weights given to these models by class; 

 •    
 the underlying assumptions used in these models; and  

 •    
 the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar classes and,
in some cases, the segmentation of dissimilar claims within a class.  

 We use numerous assumptions in determining the best estimate
of reserves for each class of business. The importance of any specific
assumption can vary by both class of business and accident year. Because actual
experience can differ from key assumptions used in establishing reserves, there
is potential for significant variation in the development of loss reserves.
This  
 


 
  
   
   191 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 is particularly true for long-tail casualty
classes of business such as excess casualty, asbestos, D&O, and primary or
excess workers’ compensation. 

 All of our methods to calculate net reserves include
assumptions about estimated reinsurance recoveries and their collectability.
Reinsurance collectability is evaluated independently of the reserving process
and appropriate allowances for uncollectible reinsurance are established. 

 In some of our estimation processes we rely on the claims
department estimates of our case reserves as an input to our best estimate of
the ultimate loss cost. 

 Overview of Loss Reserving Process and Methods 

 The Non-Life Insurance Companies’ loss reserves can
generally be categorized into two distinct groups. Short-tail classes of
business consist principally of property, Personal Insurance and certain
casualty classes. Long-tail casualty classes of business include excess and
umbrella liability, D&O, professional liability, medical malpractice,
workers’ compensation, general liability, products liability and related
classes. 

 Short-Tail Reserves 

 For operations writing short-tail coverages,  where
the nature of claims is low frequency and high severity such as property, the
process for recording non-catastrophe quarterly loss reserves for more recent
accident quarters is geared toward maintaining incurred but not reported
reserves (IBNR) based on percentages of net earned premiums for that business,
rather than projecting ultimate loss ratios based on reported losses. For
example, the IBNR reserve required for the latest accident quarter for a class
of property business might be approximately 20 percent of the quarter’s earned
premiums. This level of reserve would generally be recorded regardless of the
actual losses reported in the current quarter. The percent of premium factor
reflects both our expectation of the ultimate loss costs associated with the
class of business and the expectation of the  percentage of ultimate loss costs
that have not yet been reported.  The expected ultimate loss costs generally
reflect the average loss costs from a period of preceding accident quarters that
have been adjusted for changes in rate and loss cost levels, mix of business,
known exposure to unreported losses, or other factors affecting the particular
class of business. The expected percentage of ultimate loss costs that have not
yet been reported would be derived from historical loss emergence patterns. For
more mature quarters, loss development methods would be used to determine the
IBNR. For other classes where the nature of claims is high frequency low
severity, methods including loss development, frequency/severity or a multiple
of average monthly losses may be used to determine IBNR reserves. IBNR for
claims arising from catastrophic events or events of unusual severity would be
determined in close collaboration with the claims department, using alternative
techniques or expected percentages of ultimate loss cost emergence based on
historical loss emergence of similar claim types. 


 


 
  
   
   192 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Long-Tail Reserves 

 
  
   
   Estimation of ultimate
  net losses and loss adjustment expenses (net losses) for long-tail casualty
  classes of business  is a complex process and depends on a number of
  factors, including the class and volume of business, as well as estimates of
  the reinsurance recoverable. Experience in the more recent accident years
  shows limited statistical credibility in reported net losses on long-tail
  casualty classes of business. That is because a relatively low proportion of
  net incurred losses represents reported claims and expenses, and an even
  smaller percentage represents net losses paid. Therefore, IBNR constitutes a
  relatively high proportion of net losses. 
   
  
   
   To
  estimate net losses for long-tail casualty classes  
  of business, we  
  use a variety of actuarial methods and assumptions. 
   

   
  
 
   
   To estimate net losses for long-tail casualty classes
  of business,  we use a variety of
  actuarial methods and assumptions and other analytical techniques as
  described below.  A detailed reserve review is generally performed at least
  once per year to allow for comprehensive actuarial evaluation and collaboration
  with claims, underwriting, business unit management, risk management and
  senior management. 
   
  
 

 We generally make a number of actuarial assumptions in
the review of reserves for each class of business. 

 
  
   
   For
  longer-tail classes of business, we generally make actuarial assumptions with
  respect to the following: 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   Loss cost trend
  factors  which are used to establish
  expected loss ratios for subsequent accident years based on the projected
  loss ratios for prior accident years. 
   •    
   Expected loss
  ratios  for the latest accident year
  (i.e., accident year 2015 for the year-end 2015 loss reserve analysis)
  and, in some cases for accident years prior to the latest accident year. The
  expected loss ratio generally reflects the projected loss ratio from prior
  accident years, adjusted for the loss trend and the effect of rate changes
  and other quantifiable factors on the loss ratio. For low-frequency,
  high-severity classes such as excess casualty, expected loss ratios generally
  are used for at least the three most recent accident years. 
   •    
   Loss development
  factors  which are used to project the
  reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate basis. Generally, the
  actual loss development factors observed from prior accident years would be
  used as a basis to determine the lo ss development factors for the
  subsequent accident years. 
   
  
 


 We record quarterly changes in loss reserves for each of the
Non-Life Insurance Companies classes of business.  The overall change in our
loss reserves is based on the sum of the changes for all classes of business.
For most long-tail classes of business, the quarterly loss reserve changes are
based on the estimated current loss ratio for each class of coverage less any
amounts paid. Also, any change in estimated ultimate losses from prior accident
years deemed to be necessary based on the results of our latest reserve studies
or large loss analysis, either positive or negative, is reflected in the loss
reserve for the current quarter. Differences between actual loss emergence in a
given period compared to our expectations may also influence our judgment with
respect to reserve adequacy. 


 


 
  
   
   193 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Details of the Loss Reserving Process 

 The process of determining the
current loss ratio for each class of business is based on a variety of factors. 
These include considerations such as: prior accident year and policy year loss
ratios; rate changes; and changes in coverage, reinsurance, or mix of business.
Other considerations include actual and anticipated changes in external factors
such as trends in loss costs, real gross domestic product (GDP) growth,
inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration, stock market volatility,
corporate bond spreads, or in the legal and claims environment. The current
loss ratio for each class of business is intended to represent our best
estimate of the current loss ratio after reflecting all of the relevant
factors. At the close of each quarter, the assumptions underlying the loss
ratios are reviewed to determine if the loss ratios remain appropriate. This
process includes a review of the actual claims experience in the quarter,
actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in coverage, reinsurance or mix of
business, and changes in other factors that may affect the loss ratio. When
this review suggests that the initially determined loss ratio is no longer
appropriate, the loss ratio for current business is changed to reflect the
revised assumptions. 

 We conduct a comprehensive loss reserve review at least
annually for each class of business in accordance with Actuarial Standards of
Practice.   These standards provide
that the unpaid claim estimate may be presented in a variety of ways, such as a
point estimate, a range of estimates, a point estimate based on the expected
value of several reasonable estimates, or a probability distribution of the
unpaid claim amount. Further, the actuarial central estimate represents an
expected value using the range of reasonably possible outcomes. 

 The reserve analysis for each class of business is performed
by the actuarial personnel who are most familiar with that class of business.
In this process, the actuaries are required to make numerous assumptions,
including the selection of loss development factors and loss cost trend
factors. They are also required to determine and select the most appropriate
actuarial methods for each business class. Additionally, they must determine
the segmentation of data that will enable the most suitable test of reserve
adequacy. In the course of these detailed reserve reviews an actuarial central
estimate of the loss reserve is determined. The sum of these central estimates
for each class of business provides an overall actuarial central estimate of
the loss reserve for that class.  

 We selected our central estimate based on point estimates
from each method with weights that vary by accident year. In 2015, we began developing
our ranges of reasonable estimates for certain classes by evaluating ranges derived
from multiple methodologies. We considered the range of reasonable parameter
selections (for example, three-year versus ten-year average loss development
factors) for each appropriate method  and calculated a range of indications for
each method.  Where we have ranges, we assess the position of the actuarial
central estimate in the range to help inform management’s decision making. The range
of reasonable estimates are not intended to cover all possibilities or extreme
values. 

 We continue to consult with third party environmental
litigation and engineering specialists, third party toxic tort claims
professionals, third party clinical and public health specialists, third party
workers’ compensation claims adjusters and third party actuarial advisors to
help inform our judgments.  In 2015, the third party actuarial reviews
covered the majority of net reserves held for our Commercial long-tail classes
of business, and run-off portfolios reported in Corporate and Other.  

 A critical component of our detailed valuation reviews is
our peer review of our reserving analyses and conclusions, where actuaries
independent of the initial review evaluate the reasonableness of assumptions
used, methods selected and weightings given to different methods.  In addition,
each detailed valuation review is subjected to a challenge process by
specialists in our Enterprise Risk Management group. 


 


 
  
   
   194 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   In determining the actual carried
  reserves, we consider both the internal actuarial best estimate and numerous
  other internal and external factors, including: 
   
  
 
   
   •    
   an assessment of economic conditions including
  real GDP growth, inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration, stock
  market volatility and changes in corporate bond spreads; 
   •    
   changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial
  and social environment including changes in
  road safety, public health and cleanup standards; 
   •    
   changes in medical cost trends (inflation,
  intensity and utilization of medical services) and wage inflation trends 
   •    
   underlying policy pricing, terms and
  conditions  including attachment points and policy limits ;   
   •    
   claims handling  processes and
  enhancements ;   
   •    
   third-party claims reviews that are
  periodically performed for key classes of claims such as toxic tort,
  environmental and other complex casualty claims and 
   •    
   third-party actuarial reviews that are
  periodically performed for key classes of business. 
   
  
 


 Loss reserve development can also be affected by
commutations of assumed and ceded reinsurance agreements. 

 Actuarial and Other Methods for Major Classes of Business 

 In
testing the reserves for each class of business , our actuaries
determine the most appropriate actuarial methods. This determination is based
on a variety of factors including the nature of the claims associated with the
class of business, such as the frequency or severity of the claims. Other
considerations include the loss development characteristics associated with the
claims, the volume of claim data available for the applicable class, and the
applicability of various actuarial methods to the class. In addition to
determining the actuarial methods, the actuaries determine the appropriate loss
reserve groupings of data. For example, we write many unique subclasses of
professional liability. For pricing or other purposes, it is appropriate to
evaluate the profitability of each subclass individually. However, for purposes
of estimating the loss reserves for many classes of business, we believe it is
appropriate to combine the subclasses into larger groups to produce a greater
degree of credibility in the claims experience. This determination of data
segmentation and actuarial methods is carefully considered for each class of business.
The segmentation and actuarial methods chosen are those which together are
expected to produce the most robust central estimate of the loss reserves. 

 The actuarial methods we use for most long-tail casualty
classes of business include loss development methods, expected loss ratio
methods, including “Bornhuetter Ferguson” methods described below, and
frequency/severity models.  Loss development methods utilize the actual loss
development patterns from prior accident years to project the reported losses
to an ultimate basis for subsequent accident years. Loss development methods
generally are most appropriate for classes of business which exhibit a
stable pattern of loss development from one accident year to the next, and for
which the components of the classes have similar development characteristics.
For example, property exposures would generally not be combined into the same
class as casualty exposures, and primary casualty exposures would generally not
be combined into the same class as excess casualty exposures. In 2015, we
continued to refine our loss reserving techniques for the domestic primary
casualty classes of business and adopted further segmentations based on our
analysis of the differing emerging loss patterns for certain classes of insureds.
We generally use expected loss ratio methods in cases where the reported loss
data lacks sufficient credibility to utilize loss development methods, such as
for new classes of business or for long-tail classes at early stages of loss
development.  Frequency/severity models may be used where sufficient frequency
counts are available to apply such approaches. 

 Expected loss ratio methods rely on the application of an
expected loss ratio to the earned premium for the class of business to
determine the loss reserves.  For example, an expected loss ratio of
70 percent applied to an earned premium base of $10 million for a
class of business would generate an ultimate loss estimate of $7 million.
Subtracting any reported paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result
in the indicated loss reserve for this class. Under the “Bornhuetter Ferguson”
methods, the expected loss ratio is applied only to the expected unreported
portion of the losses. For example, for a  
 


 
  
   
   195 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 long-tail
class of business for which only 10 percent of the losses are expected to
be reported at the end of the accident year, the expected loss ratio would be
applied to the 90 percent of the losses still unreported. The actual
reported losses at the end of the accident year would be added to determine the
total ultimate loss estimate for the accident year. Subtracting the reported
paid losses and loss adjustment expenses would result in the indicated loss
reserve. In the example above, the expected loss ratio of 70 percent would
be multiplied by 90 percent. The result of 63 percent would be
applied to the earned premium of $10 million resulting in an estimated
unreported loss of $6.3 million. Actual reported losses would be added to
arrive at the total ultimate losses. If the reported losses were $1 million,
the ultimate loss estimate under the “Bornhuetter Ferguson” method would be
$7.3 million versus the $7 million amount under the expected loss
ratio method described above. Thus, the “Bornhuetter Ferguson” method gives
partial credibility to the actual loss experience to date for the class of
business. Loss development methods generally give full credibility to the
reported loss experience to date. In the example above, loss development
methods would typically indicate an ultimate loss estimate of $10 million,
as the reported losses of $1 million would be estimated to reflect only
10 percent of the ultimate losses. 

 A key advantage of loss development methods is that they
respond more quickly to any actual changes in loss costs for the class of
business. Therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly deteriorating or
improving, the loss development method gives full credibility to the changing
experience. Expected loss ratio methods would be slower to respond to the
change, as they would continue to give more weight to the expected loss ratio,
until enough evidence emerged to modify the expected loss ratio to reflect the
changing loss experience. On the other hand, loss development methods have the
disadvantage of overreacting to changes in reported losses if the loss
experience is not credible. For example, the presence or absence of large
losses at the early stages of loss development could cause the loss development
method to overreact to the favorable or unfavorable experience by assuming it
will continue at later stages of development. In these instances, expected loss
ratio methods such as “Bornhuetter Ferguson” have the advantage of recognizing
large losses without extrapolating unusual large loss activity onto the
unreported portion of the losses for the accident year.  

 Frequency/severity methods generally rely on the
determination of an ultimate number of claims and an average severity for each
claim for each accident year.  Multiplying the estimated ultimate number of
claims for each accident year by the expected average severity of each claim
produces the estimated ultimate loss for the accident year. Frequency/severity
methods generally require a sufficient volume of claims in order for the
average severity to be predictable. Average severity for subsequent accident
years is generally determined by applying an estimated annual loss cost trend
to the estimated average claim severity from prior accident years. In certain
cases, a structural approach may also be used to predict the ultimate loss cost.
Frequency/severity methods have the advantage that ultimate claim counts can
generally be estimated more quickly and accurately than can ultimate losses.
Thus, if the average claim severity can be accurately estimated, these methods
can more quickly respond to changes in loss experience than other methods.
However, for average severity to be predictable, the class of business must
consist of homogeneous types of claims for which loss severity trends from one
year to the next are reasonably consistent. Generally these methods work best
for high frequency, low severity classes of business such as personal auto.  

 Structural drivers analytics seek to explain the
underlying drivers of frequency/severity.   A structural drivers analysis of
frequency/severity is particularly useful for understanding the key drivers of
uncertainty in the ultimate loss cost. For example, for the excess workers’
compensation class of business, we have attempted to corroborate our judgment
by considering the impact on severity of the future propensity for
deterioration of an injured worker’s medical condition, the impact of price
inflation on the various categories of medical expense and cost of living
adjustments on indemnity benefits, the impact of injured worker mortality and
claim specific settlement and loss mitigation strategies, etc., using the
following: 

 •    
 Claim by claim reviews to determine the stability and likelihood of
settling an injured worker’s indemnity and medical benefits – the claim file
review was facilitated by third party specialists experienced in workers’
compensation claims; 

 •    
 Analysis of the potential for future deterioration in medical condition
unlikely to be picked up by a claim file review and associated with potentially
costly medical procedures (i.e., increases in both utilization and intensity of
medical care) over the course of the injured worker’s lifetime; 

 •    
   Analysis of the cost of medical price inflation for each category of
medical spend (services and devices) and for cost of living adjustments in line
with statutory requirements; 


 


 
  
   
   196 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 •      Portfolio
specific mortality level and mortality improvement assumptions based on a
mortality study conducted for AIG’s primary and excess workers’ compensation
portfolios and AIG’s opinion of future longevity trends for the open reported
cases; 

 •    
 Ground-up consideration of the reinsurance recoveries expected for the
class of business for reported claims with extrapolation for unreported claims;
and 

 •    
 The effects of various run-off claims management strategies that have
been developed by AIG’s run-off unit. 

 During 2015, we continued to expand our analysis of
structural drivers as a means of corroborating our judgments using traditional
actuarial techniques. For example, we have considered the impact of changes in
economic activity (real GDP growth, which can impact levels of trucking
activity) on our emerging experience in the Commercial Auto Liability class of
business, particularly business written in excess of a large insured deductible
where ground up experience may take several years to reach our layer. Further,
we considered the impact of expected levels of future inflation as measured by
the Personal Consumption Expenditure (PCE) Deflator (Health Services Component)
published by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis on our ultimate loss costs
for medical benefits in the primary workers’ compensation class of business. We
believe the PCE Deflator provides a more appropriate measure of workers’
compensation medical inflation as it includes medical expenditures made by
employers on behalf of their employees. We also tested the sensitivity of our
estimates to changes in the future path and level of inflation for this class
of business. 

 Overall, our loss reserve reviews for long-tail classes
typically utilize a combination of both loss development and expected loss
ratio methods, supplemented by structural drivers analysis of
frequency/severity where available.   Loss
development methods are generally given more weight for accident years and
classes of business where the loss experience is highly credible. Expected loss
ratio methods are given more weight where the reported loss experience is less
credible, or is driven more by large losses. Expected loss ratio methods
require sufficient information to determine the appropriate expected loss ratio.
This information generally includes the actual loss ratios for prior accident
years, and rate changes as well as underwriting or other changes which would
affect the loss ratio. Further, an estimate of the loss cost trend or loss
ratio trend is required to allow for the effect of inflation and other factors
which may increase or otherwise change the loss costs from one accident year to
the next. 

 The estimation of loss reserves relating to asbestos and
environmental claims on insurance policies written many years ago is subject to
greater uncertainty than other types of claims.  This is due to inconsistent
court decisions, as well as judicial interpretations and legislative actions
that in some cases have tended to broaden coverage beyond the original intent
of such policies or have expanded theories of liability. In addition,
reinsurance recoverable balances relating to asbestos and environmental loss
reserves are subject to greater uncertainty due to the underlying age of the
claim, underlying legal issues surrounding the nature of the coverage, and
determination of proper policy period. For these reasons, these balances tend
to be subject to increased levels of disputes and legal collection activity
when actually billed. The insurance industry as a whole is engaged in extensive
litigation over these coverage and liability issues and is thus confronted with
a continuing uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these exposures. 

 We continue to receive claims asserting injuries and damages
from toxic waste, hazardous substances, and other environmental pollutants and
alleged claims to cover the cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites,
referred to collectively as environmental claims, and indemnity claims
asserting injuries from asbestos. The vast majority of these asbestos and
environmental claims emanate from policies written in 1984 and prior years.
Commencing in 1985, standard policies contained absolute exclusions for
pollution-related damage and asbestos. The current Non-Life Insurance Companies
environmental policies that we specifically price and underwrite for
environmental risks on a claims-made basis have been excluded from the analysis. 

 The majority of our exposures for asbestos and environmental
claims are related to excess casualty coverages, not primary coverages. The
litigation costs are treated in the same manner as indemnity amounts, with
litigation expenses included within the limits of the liability we incur.
Individual significant claim liabilities, where future litigation costs are
reasonably determinable, are established on a case-by-case basis. 


 


 
  
   
   197 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Reserve Estimation for Asbestos
and Environmental Claims  

 Estimation of asbestos and environmental claims loss
reserves is a subjective process. Reserves for asbestos and environmental
claims cannot be estimated using conventional reserving techniques such as
those that rely on historical accident year loss development factors. The
methods used to determine asbestos and environmental loss estimates and to
establish the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and updated by
management. 

 Various factors contribute to the complexity and difficulty
in determining the future development of claims. Significant factors that
influence the claims estimation process include court resolutions and judicial
interpretations which broaden the intent of the policies and scope of coverage.
The current case law can be characterized as still evolving, and there is
little likelihood that any firm direction will develop in the near future.
Additionally, the exposures for cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites
involve issues such as allocation of responsibility among potentially
responsible parties and the government’s refusal to release parties from
liability. Future claims development also will be affected by the changes in
Superfund and waste dump site coverage and liability issues.  

 If the asbestos and environmental reserves develop
adversely, resulting deficiencies could have an adverse effect on our future
results of operations for an individual reporting period. 

 With respect to known environmental claims, over two decades
ago we established a specialized environmental claims unit, which investigates
and adjusts all such environmental claims. This unit evaluates environmental
claims utilizing a claim-by-claim approach that involves a detailed review of
individual policy terms and exposures. Because each policyholder presents
different liability and coverage issues, we generally evaluate exposure on a
policy-by-policy basis, considering a variety of factors such as known facts,
current law, jurisdiction, policy language and other factors that are unique to
each policy. Quantitative techniques must be supplemented by subjective
considerations, including management judgment. Each claim is reviewed at least
semi-annually utilizing the aforementioned approach and adjusted as necessary
to reflect the current information. 

 The environmental claims unit also actively manages and
pursues early resolution with respect to these claims in an attempt to mitigate
our exposure to the unpredictable development of these claims. We attempt to
mitigate our known long-tail environmental exposures through a combination of
proactive claim-resolution techniques, including policy buybacks, complete
environmental releases, compromise settlements, and, when appropriate,
litigation. 

 Known asbestos claims are managed in a similar manner. Over
two decades ago we established a specialized toxic tort claims unit, which
historically investigated and adjusted all such asbestos claims. As part of the
above mentioned NICO transaction, effective January 1, 2011, NICO assumed
responsibility for claims handling related to the majority of AIG’s domestic
asbestos liabilities. 


 


 
  
   
   198 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following is a discussion
of actuarial methods applied by major class of business: 

 
  
   
    Class
   of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Excess Casualty 
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods, both multiplicative and/or additive, and expected loss ratio methods
  for excess casualty classes. 
   Frequency/severity methods are generally not used in
  isolation to determine ultimate loss costs as the vast majority of reported
  claims do not result in claim payment. (However, frequency/severity methods
  assist in the regular monitoring of the adequacy of carried reserves to
  support incurred but not reported claims). In addition, the average severity
  varies significantly from accident year to accident year due to large losses
  which characterize this class of business, as well as changing proportions of
  claims which do not result in a claim payment. To gain more stability in the
  projection, the claims amenable to loss development methods are analyzed in multiple
  layers: the layer capped at $1 million, $4 million excess of $1 million,
  $5 million excess of $5 million, $15 million excess of $10 million, and the
  layer above $25 million. The expected loss ratios for the layers above $5 million
  are derived from the expected relationship between the layers, reflecting the
  attachment point and limit by accident year. 
   In addition, we leverage case
  reserving based methodologies for complex claims/ latent exposures such as
  those involving toxic tort and other claims accumulations. 
   
  
   Expected loss ratio methods are generally used for
  at least the three latest accident years, due to the relatively low
  credibility of the reported losses. The loss experience is generally reviewed
  separately for lead umbrella classes and for other excess classes, due to the
  relatively shorter tail for lead umbrella business. Automobile‑related
  claims are generally reviewed separately from non-auto claims, due to the
  shorter-tail nature of the automobile‑related claims. Claims relating
  to certain latent exposures such as construction defects, exhaustion of
  underlying product aggregate limits, or mass torts are reviewed separately
  due to the unique emergence patterns of losses relating to these claims. The
  expected loss ratios used for recent accident years are based on the
  projected ultimate loss ratios of prior years, adjusted for rate changes,
  estimated loss cost trends and all other changes that can be quantified. 
   During 2015, the observed claims deterioration
  for           complex claims/latent exposures impacted the case reserving
  methodologies which are relied on in determining ultimate loss costs.
  This deterioration was considered in the expected loss ratio method that we
  also consider in setting the reserve for mass tort exposures.  The
  provision for the base years of 1986-2000 was increased, which raised the
  expected loss ratios for the subsequent accident years.   
     
   
  
 
   
   D&O and Related Management
  Liability Classes of Business 
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods and expected loss ratio methods for D&O and related management
  liability classes of business. 
   Frequency/severity methods are
  generally not used in isolation for these classes as the overall losses are
  driven by large losses more than by claim frequency. Severity trends have
  varied significantly from accident year to accident year and care is required
  in analyzing these trends by claim type. We also give weight to claim
  department ground-up projections of ultimate loss on a claim by claim basis
  as these may be more predictive of ultimate loss values especially for older
  accident years. 
   
  
     
   
  
   These classes of business reflect
  claims made coverage, and losses are characterized by low frequency and high
  severity. In general, expected loss ratio methods are given more weight in
  the more recent accident years, whereas loss development methods are given
  more weight in more mature accident years. For the year-end 2015 loss reserve
  review, claims projections for accident years 2014 and prior were used after
  making adjustments for changing levels of development in these estimates. In
  the 2015 analysis, for the more mature accident years, we have generally
  given more weight to the incurred and legal expense loss development methods
  than in prior years’ reviews.  For the more recent accident years, we have
  made some changes in the weights on certain market segments to give more
  weight to the claims projections than in the prior years’ reviews. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   199 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Workers’ Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of
  loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for workers’
  compensation. We segment the data by state and industry class to the extent
  that meaningful differences are determined to exist. 
   
  
     
   
  
   For guaranteed cost business, expected
  loss ratio methods generally are given significant weight only in the most
  recent accident year. Workers’ compensation claims are generally
  characterized by high frequency, low severity, and relatively consistent loss
  development from one accident year to the next. We historically have been a
  leading writer of workers’ compensation, and thus have sufficient volume of
  claims experience to use development methods. We generally segregate
  California (CA) business from other business in evaluating workers’
  compensation reserves. Commencing in 2012, we segmented out New York (NY)
  from the other states to reflect its different development pattern and
  changing percentage of the mix by state. We also revised our assumptions to
  reflect changes in our claims management activities. Certain classes of
  workers’ compensation, such as construction and business written in excess of
  a deductible, are also evaluated separately. Expected loss ratio methods for
  business written in excess of a deductible may be given significant weight in
  the five or more most recent accident years. Additionally, we write a number
  of very large accounts which include workers’ compensation coverage. These
  accounts are generally individually priced by our actuaries, and to the
  extent appropriate, the indicated losses based on the pricing analysis may be
  used to record the initial estimated loss reserves for these accounts. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   200 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
     
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
   Many of our primary casualty
  policies contain risk-sharing features, including high deductibles,
  self-insured retentions or retrospective rating features, in addition to a
  traditional insurance component. These risk-sharing programs generally are
  large and complex, comprising multiple products, years and structures, and
  are subject to amendment over time. We generally use premium and expected
  loss ratio methods for these programs. 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 2014, we updated our tail factor
  selections in CA and NY, our loss development factors in the Construction
  class, and refined our segmentation for excess of a large deductible
  business.  Each of these segments appeared to have been impacted by specific
  structural changes in the portfolio. For CA business, our tail factor
  increases were in response to changing long-term medical development
  patterns. In NY, there has been a lengthening of the period between the date
  of accident and the classification of non-scheduled permanent partial
  injuries.  We completed a review of claim emergence and payouts for our top
  six states in workers’ compensation and concluded that NY and CA were the
  main states where the loss development patterns had materially changed since
  our last review. For the Construction class, we noted that the construction
  sector has experienced a comparatively slow recovery in payroll levels.  As a
  result of the diminished employment opportunities in this industry sector,
  injured workers may experience limited return-to-work opportunities, which
  moderate the shortening of claim duration that normally accompanies a labor
  market recovery.  Lastly, for excess of large deductible business, we updated
  our analyses to consider the impact of changes in the mix of retentions that
  has occurred over time as the data by retention band was becoming more
  credible. 
   Commencing in 2014, we also enhanced
  our analysis by considering our best estimate expectations of inflation
  (principally, the PCE Deflator for Health Care Services) and loss cost trends
  and we also reflected the impacts of enhancements in our claim management and
  loss mitigation activities, such as opioid drug management, fraud
  investigation and medical management.  
   As part of the 2015 reserve review
  related to these policies, we enhanced our segmentation to better reflect
  varying policy features. As a result of the improved loss segmentation, we
  were able to give more weight to loss development methods in addition to
  premium and expected loss ratio methods. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   201 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Excess Workers’ Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We historically have used a
  combination of loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for
  excess workers’ compensation. Commencing with the 2014 loss reserve review,
  our actuaries supplemented the methods used historically by applying a structural
  drivers approach to inform their judgment of the ultimate loss costs for open
  reported claims from accident years 2006 and prior and used the refined
  analysis to help inform their judgment of the ultimate loss cost for claims
  that have not yet been reported using a frequency/severity approach for these
  accident years. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Excess workers’ compensation is an extremely long-tail
  class of business, with loss emergence extending for decades. The class is
  highly sensitive to small changes in assumptions — in the rate of
  medical inflation or the longevity of injured workers, for example —
  which can have a significant effect on the ultimate reserve estimate. Claims
  estimates for this line also are highly sensitive to: 
   ·      
   the assumed future rate of inflation and other economic
  conditions in the United States; 
   ·      
   changes in the legal, regulatory, judicial and social
  environment; 
   ·      
   the expected impact of recently enacted health care reform on
  workers’ compensation costs; 
   ·      
   underlying policy pricing, terms and conditions; 
   ·      
   claims settlement trends that can materially alter the mix and
  ultimate cost of claims; 
   ·      
   changes in claims reporting and management practices of
  insureds and their third-party administrators; 
   ·      
   the cost of new and additional treatment specialties, such as
  “pain management”; 
   ·      
   the propensity for severely injured workers’ medical conditions
  to deteriorate in the future; 
   ·      
   changes in injured worker longevity; and 
   ·      
   territorial experience differences (across states and within
  regions in a state). 
   Methods based on expected loss
  ratios are given the greater weight for the more recent accident years. For
  the 2015 loss reserve review, the structural drivers approach which was
  applied to open reported claims from accident years 2006 and prior, was
  deemed to be most suitable for informing our judgment of the ultimate loss
  cost for injured workers whose medical conditions had largely stabilized
  (i.e., at least 9 to 10 years have elapsed since the date of
  injury). The reserve for accident years 2007 and subsequent was determined using
  a Generalized Cape Cod Method, which is similar to a Bornhuetter Ferguson
  expected loss ratio method. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   202 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   General Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of
  loss development methods and expected loss ratio methods for primary general
  liability or products liability classes. We also supplement the standard
  actuarial techniques by using evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual
  claims or claim accumulations by external specialists on those classes of
  claims. The segmentation of the data reflects state differences, industry
  classes, deductible/non-deductible programs and type of claim. 
   
  
     
   
  
   For certain classes of business
  with sufficient loss volume, loss development methods may be given
  significant weight for all but the most recent one or two accident years. For
  smaller or more volatile classes of business and excess of a large deductible
  business, loss development methods may be given limited weight for the five
  or more most recent accident years. Expected loss ratio methods are used for
  the more recent accident years for these classes. The loss experience for
  primary general liability business is generally reviewed at a level that is
  believed to provide the most appropriate data for reserve analysis.
  Additionally, certain sub-classes, such as construction defect, are generally
  reviewed separately from business in other subclasses. For other sub-classes,
  such as Environmental, we utilize the claim analysts’ claim projections for incurred
  but not enough reported (IBNER) and actuarial methods to calculate pure IBNR.
  Commencing in 2014, we continued to refine our loss reserving techniques for
  the domestic primary casualty classes of business and adopted further
  segmentations based on our analysis of the differing emerging loss patterns
  for certain classes of insureds. Due to the fairly long-tail nature of
  general liability business, and the many subclasses that are reviewed
  individually, there is less credibility given to the reported losses and
  increased reliance on expected loss ratio methods for recent accident years.  
   
  
 
   
   Commercial Automobile Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use loss development
  methods for all but the most recent accident year for commercial automobile
  liability classes of business. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expected loss ratio methods are
  generally given significant weight only in the most recent accident year,
  except for excess of large deductible business, in which expected loss ratio
  methods may receive weight for several accident years. In 2015, the impact of
  the increase in frequency of severe claims was projected in the accident
  years where it was most prevalent. The resulting increase in ultimate loss
  projections and loss ratios for those years impacted subsequent years through
  loss development factors and prior expected loss ratio assumptions.  
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   203 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Healthcare 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development methods
  and expected loss ratio methods for healthcare classes of business. 
   Frequency/severity methods are sometimes used for
  pricing certain healthcare accounts or business. However, for loss reserve
  adequacy testing, the need to ensure sufficient credibility generally results
  in segmentations that are not sufficiently homogeneous to utilize
  frequency/severity methods. 
   We also supplement the standard
  actuarial techniques by using evaluations of the ultimate losses on unusual
  claims by specialists on those classes of claims. 
   
  
     
   
  
   The largest component of the
  healthcare business consists of coverage written for hospitals and other
  healthcare facilities. We test reserves for excess coverage separately from
  those for primary coverage. For primary coverages, loss development methods
  are generally given the majority of the weight for all but the latest three
  accident years, and are given some weight for all years other than the latest
  accident year. For excess coverages, expected loss methods are generally
  given all the weight for the latest three accident years, and are also given
  considerable weight for accident years prior to the latest three years. For
  other classes of healthcare coverage, an analogous weighting between loss
  development and expected loss ratio methods is used. The weights assigned to
  each method are those that are believed to result in the best combination of
  responsiveness and credibility. 
   
  
 
   
   Professional Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods and expected loss ratio methods for professional liability classes of
  business. 
   Frequency/severity methods are used in pricing and
  profitability analyses for some classes of professional liability; however,
  for loss reserve adequacy testing, the need to ensure sufficient credibility
  generally results in segmentations that are not sufficiently homogeneous to
  utilize frequency/severity methods. 
   We also use claim department
  projections of the ultimate value of each reported claim to supplement and
  inform the standard actuarial approaches and some weight is given to this
  method in the more recent accident years. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss development methods are used
  for the more mature accident years. Greater weight is given to expected loss
  ratio methods in the more recent accident years. Reserves are tested
  separately for claims made classes and classes written on occurrence policy forms.
  Further segmentations are made in a manner believed to provide an appropriate
  balance between credibility and homogeneity of the data. Commencing in 2015,
  the claims department projections already used in other financial lines
  classes were utilized for professional liability and given some weight in the
  final selection. 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophic Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We use expected loss ratio methods
  for all accident years for catastrophic casualty business. This class of
  business consists of casualty or financial lines coverage that attach in
  excess of very high attachment points; thus the claims experience is marked
  by very low frequency and high severity. Because of the limited number of
  claims, loss development methods are not relied upon. 
   
  
     
   
  
   The expected loss ratios and loss
  development assumptions used are based upon the results of prior accident
  years for this business as well as for similar classes of business written
  above lower attachment points. The business can be written on a claims-made
  or occurrence basis. We use ground-up claim projections provided by our
  claims staff to assist in developing the appropriate reserve. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   204 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Aviation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use a combination of loss development
  methods and expected loss ratio methods for aviation exposures. Aviation
  claims are not very long-tail in nature; however, they are driven by claim
  severity. Thus a combination of both development and expected loss ratio
  methods are used for all but the latest accident year to determine the loss
  reserves. 
   Frequency/severity methods are not
  employed due to the high severity nature of the claims and different mix of
  claims from year to year. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expected loss ratio methods are
  used to determine the loss reserves for the latest accident year. We also use
  ground-up claim projections provided by our claims staff to assist in
  developing the appropriate reserve. 
   
  
 
   
   Personal Auto 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Frequency/severity and loss
  development methods are utilized for domestic personal auto classes. 
   
  
     
   
  
   For these classes of business,
  reliance is placed on frequency/severity methods as claim counts emerge
  quickly for personal auto. Frequency/severity methods allow for more
  immediate analysis of resulting loss trends and comparisons to industry and
  other diagnostic metrics. 
   
  
 
   
   Fidelity/Surety 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We generally use loss development
  methods for fidelity exposures for all but the latest accident year. We also
  use claim department projections of the ultimate value of each reported claim
  to supplement and inform the standard actuarial approaches and some weight is
  given to this method in the more recent accident years. For surety exposures,
  we generally use the same method as for short-tail classes (discussed below). 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expected loss ratio methods are
  also given weight for the more recent accident years. For the latest accident
  year they may be given 100 percent weight. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   205 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We test mortgage guaranty reserves
  using loss development methods, supplemented by an internal claim analysis by
  actuaries and staff who specialize in the mortgage guaranty business. 
   
  
     
   
  
   The reserve analysis projects
  ultimate losses for claims within each of several reserving categories based
  on actual historical experience, using primarily a frequency/severity loss
  development approach. Additional reserve tests are also employed, such as
  tests measuring the trend of losses as a percent of risk in force. Reserves
  are reviewed separately for each line of business considering the loss
  development characteristics, volume of claim data available and applicability
  of various actuarial methods to each line. 
   Reserves for mortgage guaranty
  insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses are established for reported
  mortgage loan delinquencies and estimates of delinquencies that have been
  incurred but have not been reported by loan servicers, based upon historical
  reporting trends. We establish reserves using a percentage of the contractual
  liability (for each delinquent loan reported) that is based upon projected
  claim experience for each category of delinquency, consistent in total with
  the overall reserve estimate. 
   Mortgage Guaranty losses and loss
  adjustment expenses have been affected by macroeconomic events, such as
  improving home prices and decreasing unemployment. Because these
  macroeconomic events are subject to adverse or favorable change, the
  determination of the ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses requires a
  high degree of judgment. Improving economic conditions have produced higher
  cure rates of delinquent loans in recent years, a trend that may not continue
  in 2016. In addition, loans with modifications through government and lender
  programs may re-default resulting in new losses for Mortgage Guaranty if
  adverse economic conditions were to return.  In addition to improved cure
  rates, the favorable economic trends have resulted in a decline of newly
  reported delinquencies. Partially offsetting these favorable frequency trends
  was a lower incidence of denied and rescinded claims. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   206 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Other Short-Tail Classes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For non-catastrophe business, frequency/severity
  methods, loss development methods, and IBNR factor methods are used alone or
  in combination to set reserves for short-tail classes such as Commercial Property,
  Personal Property, and Accident & Health coverages. 
   
  
     
   
  
   IBNR factor methods are used, when
  the nature of losses are low frequency/high severity. The IBNR factors, when
  applied to earned premium, generate the ultimate expected losses (or other
  exposure measure) yet to be reported. The factors are determined based on
  prior accident quarters’ loss costs adjusted to reflect current cost levels
  and the historical emergence of those loss costs. The factors are continually
  reevaluated to reflect emerging claim experience, rate changes or other
  factors that could affect the adequacy of the IBNR factor being employed. 
   
  
 
   
   International  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Business written by the Non-Life
  Insurance Companies internationally includes both long-tail and short-tail
  classes of business. For long-tail classes of business, the actuarial methods
  used are comparable to those described above. However, the majority of
  business written by the Non-Life Insurance Companies internationally is
  short-tail, high frequency and low severity in nature. For this business,
  loss development methods are generally employed to test the loss reserves. 
   
  
     
   
  
   We maintain a database of detailed
  historical premium and loss transactions in original currency for business
  written by the Non-Life Insurance Companies internationally. This allows our
  actuaries to determine the current reserves without any distortion from
  changes in exchange rates over time. Our actuaries segment the international
  data by region, country or class of business as appropriate to determine an
  optimal balance between homogeneity and credibility. The techniques developed
  by our U.S. actuaries for certain commercial classes of business are
  increasingly applied to our International portfolios where the experience volume
  and data segmentation is comparable to that of the U.S. portfolios. Our
  actuaries work closely with the claims departments in each of our major
  International locations to determine the most appropriate methodology and
  assumptions. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   207 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business or Category and Actuarial Method 
    
  
      
    
  
    Application
   of Actuarial Method 
    
  
 
   
   Loss Adjustment Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   We determine reserves for legal
  defense and cost containment loss adjustment expenses for each class of
  business by one or more actuarial or structural driver methods. The methods
  generally include development methods comparable to those described for loss
  development methods. The development could be based on either the paid loss
  adjustment expenses or the ratio of paid loss adjustment expenses to paid
  losses, or both. Other methods include the utilization of expected ultimate
  ratios of paid loss expense to paid losses, based on actual experience from
  prior accident years or from similar classes of business. We also provide
  reserves for the estimated future costs of our claims department settling
  existing reserves. 
     
     
     
   
  
     
   
  
   We generally determine reserves for
  adjuster loss adjustment expenses based on calendar year ratios of adjuster
  expenses paid to losses paid for the particular class of business. We
  generally determine reserves for other unallocated loss adjustment expenses
  based on the ratio of the calendar year expenses paid to overall losses paid.
  This determination is generally done for all classes of business combined,
  and uses claim overhead costs as a percent of losses paid. We may supplement
  our judgments with an analysis of loss and legal expense mix change using predictive
  models that explicitly represent such mix change and detailed reviews with
  the claims department on the methods used to allocate the costs of the claims
  initiatives to new and in-force business and to different classes and
  sub-classes of business. In 2015, we increased our estimates of our claims
  department costs to reflect higher expected future costs associated with new
  technology and operating models. 
   
  
 
   
   Catastrophes and Severe Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   In response to major catastrophes
  and severe losses, special analyses by both Actuarial and Claims are
  conducted to estimate the gross and net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses from such events. 
   
  
     
   
  
   These analyses may include a
  combination of approaches, including catastrophe modeling estimates,
  ground-up claim analysis, loss evaluation reports from on-site field
  adjusters, and market share estimates. Loss emergence patterns of similar
  catastrophic events or aggregated severe losses are used to help determine
  the reasonableness of ultimate loss projections and the resulting IBNR need. 
   
  
 


 Alternative
Loss Cost Trend and Loss Development Factor Assumptions by Class of Business 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Two of our most significant assumptions in loss-based
methodologies are those for loss cost trends and loss development factors.
There is generally some potential for deviation from our selected best estimate
assumptions related to loss cost trends and loss development factor
assumptions. The classes noted below are considered to have a higher
sensitivity to changes in these assumptions than other classes. For example,
primary auto liability reserves were impacted by changes in the frequency and
severity of losses in recent years which may not be captured by sensitivities
of the parameter modeled below. 

 The sensitivity analysis below addresses each major class of
business for which there is a possibility of a material deviation from our
overall reserve position as a result of changes in these individual assumptions.
The analysis uses a range of potential alternative assumptions for each class
based on historical experience. Actual reserve development may not be
consistent with either the original or the alternative loss trend or loss
development factor assumptions, and other assumptions made in the reserving
process may materially affect reserve development for a particular class of
business.  

 It should be noted that there are many other assumptions
used in the loss reserving process, and the sensitivities shown below are not
intended to be indications of possible loss reserve ranges for the class but merely
illustrations of the sensitivity of the reserves to certain alternative
assumptions considered individually. The actual reserve range is a function of
many factors interacting with each other. 


 


 
  
   
   208 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Loss cost trends:   The
percentage deviations noted in the table below are not considered the highest
possible deviations that might be expected, but rather what we consider to
reflect a reasonably likely range of potential deviation based on historical
loss cost trends. The impacts cited below are only for the years for which we
used an expected loss ratio approach. Actual loss cost trends in the early
1990s were negative for several years whereas actual loss cost trends exceeded
the figures cited below for 1997 through 2001. These observed variations were
considered in establishing the percentage deviations, and result in
asymmetrical selections. Loss trends may deviate by more than the amounts noted
above and discussed below. 

 Loss development factors:   The percentage deviations
noted in the table below are not considered the highest possible deviations
that might be expected, but rather what we consider to reflect a reasonably
likely range of potential deviation. While multiple scenarios are performed,
the assumed loss development factors are a key assumption. Generally, actual
historical loss development factors are used to project future loss
development. Future loss development patterns may be different from those in
the past, or may deviate by more than the amounts noted above and discussed
below. Further, there is a greater incidence of these factors increasing, which
is reflected in the deviations selected. 

 A large portion of the loss reserves from the Non-Life
Insurance Companies business relates to longer-tail casualty classes of business,
such as excess casualty and D&O, which are driven by severity rather than
frequency of claims. Using the reserving methodologies described above, our
actuaries determine their actuarial central estimates of the loss reserves and
advise management on their final recommendation for management’s best estimate
of the recorded reserves. Subject matter experts from underwriting and claims
play an important part in informing the actuarial assumptions and methods. The
governance process over the establishment of loss reserves also ensures robust
considerations of the changes in the loss trends, terms and conditions, claims
handling practices, and large loss impact when determining the methods,
assumptions and the estimations. This multi-disciplinary process engages
underwriting, claims, risk management, business unit executives and senior
management and involves several iterative levels of feedback and response
during the regular reserving process. 

 The following sensitivity analysis table summarizes the
effect on the loss reserve position of using certain alternative loss cost
trend (for accident years where we use expected loss ratio methods) or loss
development factor assumptions rather than the assumptions actually used in
determining our estimates in the year-end loss reserve analyses in 2015. 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
   Effect
  on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect
  on 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Loss
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  Reserves 
   
  
 
   
   Loss cost trends: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss development factors: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Excess casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Excess casualty: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      5 percent increase 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
     
   
  
      3 percent increase 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   945 
   
  
 
   
      5 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,067) 
   
  
     
   
  
      4 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (874) 
   
  
 
   
   D&O: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   D&O: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      31 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
     
   
  
      14 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   800 
   
  
 
   
      30 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (950) 
   
  
     
   
  
        5 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   (300) 
   
  
 
   
   Excess workers' compensation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Excess workers' compensation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      5 percent increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
      Increase (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
 
   
      5 percent decrease 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
      Decrease  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (250) 
   
  
 
   
   Primary workers' compensation (a) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Primary workers' compensation :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      Increase (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      Decrease (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (900) 
   
  
 


 (a) Loss cost
trend assumption does not have a material impact for this line of business. 

 (b) Percentages
not applicable due to extremely long-tailed nature of workers’ compensation. 


 


 
  
   
   209 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 

 
  
   
    Class
   of Business 
    
  
      
    
  
    Loss Cost Trend 
    
  
      
    
  
    Loss
   Development Factor 
    
  
 
   
   Excess Casualty 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   In
  the analysis we utilize various loss cost trend assumptions for different
  segments of the portfolio. After evaluating the historical loss cost trends
  from prior accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is
  reasonably likely that actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2015
  loss reserve review for excess casualty will range five percent lower or
  higher than this estimated loss trend. The loss cost trend assumption is
  critical for the excess casualty class of business due to the long-tail
  nature of the claims and therefore is applied across many accident years.
  Thus, there is the potential for the reserves with respect to a number of
  accident years (the expected loss ratio years) to be significantly affected
  by changes in loss cost trends that were initially relied upon in setting the
  reserves. These changes in loss trends could be attributable to changes in
  inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic
  conditions affecting claims. 
   
  
   After
  evaluating the historical loss development factors from prior accident years
  since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual
  loss development factors will range from approximately 3 percent below
  those actually utilized in the year-end 2015 reserve review to approximately 3.5 percent
  above those factors actually utilized. Excess casualty is a long-tail class
  of business and any deviation in loss development factors might not be
  discernible for an extended   period of
  time subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve   estimates for any accident year. Thus, there is the
  potential for the reserves with respect to a number of accident years to be
  significantly affected by changes in loss development factors that were
  initially relied upon in setting the reserves. Similar to loss cost trends,
  these changes in loss development factors could be attributable to changes in
  inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic
  conditions affecting claims. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   210 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business 
    
  
      
    
  
    Loss Cost Trend 
    
  
      
    
  
    Loss
   Development Factor 
    
  
 
   
   D&O and
  Related Management Liability Classes of Business 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   The assumed loss cost trend was approximately 1
  percent. After evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident
  years since the early 1990s, including the potential effect of recent claims
  relating to the credit crisis, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that
  actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2015 loss reserve review
  for these classes will range from approximately 30 percent lower or 31 percent
  higher than the assumption actually utilized in the year-end 2015 reserve review.
  Because the D&O class of business has exhibited highly volatile loss
  trends from one accident year to the next, there is the possibility of an
  exceptionally high deviation. 
   
  
   The assumed loss development factors are also an
  important assumption but less critical than for excess casualty. Because
  these classes are written on a claims made basis, the loss reporting and
  development tail is much shorter than for excess casualty. However, the high
  severity nature of the claims does create the potential for significant
  deviations in loss development patterns from one year to the next. After
  evaluating the historical loss development factors for these classes of
  business for accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is
  reasonably likely that actual loss development factors will range from
  approximately 5 percent lower to approximately 14 percent higher
  than those factors actually indicated in the year-end 2015 loss reserve
  review for these classes. 
   
  
 
   
   Primary
  Workers’ Compensation 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   The
  loss cost trend assumption is not believed to be material with respect to our
  loss reserves. This is primarily because our actuaries are generally able to
  use loss development projections for all but the most recent accident year’s
  reserves, so there is limited need to rely on loss cost trend assumptions for
  primary workers’ compensation business. 
   
  
   Generally,
  our actual historical workers’ compensation loss development factors would be
  expected to provide a reasonably accurate predictor of future loss development.
  However, workers’ compensation is a long-tail class of business, and our
  business reflects a very significant volume of losses, particularly in recent
  accident years. After evaluating the actual historical loss development since
  the 1980s for this business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that
  actual loss reserves will fall within the range of approximately 7 percent
  below to approximately 11 percent above those actually indicated in the 2015
  loss reserve review. 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   211 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
    Class of Business 
    
  
      
    
  
    Loss Cost Trend 
    
  
      
    
  
    Loss
   Development Factor 
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Based
  on our sensitivity testing, we also estimate that a 1 percent rise in the
  future rate of inflation (PCE Deflator for Health Care Services increased by
  1 percent at the 30-year time horizon, with increases in the forward rate of
  inflation assumed to occur proportionally over time (i.e. the
  zero-year/1-year forward inflation rate would change by 1/30th of 1
  percentage point)) would increase our ultimate loss cost estimates by
  approximately $215 million as of December 31, 2015. 
   In
  2014, however, we began incorporating three-dimensional loss development
  models incorporating accident year, development year and calendar year trends
  with our traditional loss development projections. This allows us to consider
  for example, the effect of changing levels of inflation (specifically the PCE
  Deflator for Health Care Services) on our ultimate loss costs for medical
  benefits. These methodologies also facilitate a more quantitative assessment
  of the uncertainty in our estimates reflecting structural drivers of loss
  along each dimension. 
   
  
 
   
   Excess Workers’
  Compensation (run-off only)  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Loss
  costs were trended at six percent per annum. After reviewing actual industry
  loss trends for the past ten years, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely
  that actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2015 loss reserve
  review for excess workers’ compensation will range five percent lower or
  higher than this estimated loss trend. However, given the small volume of business
  written in these years, the range in reserve estimates as a result of varying
  these loss cost trends is not very wide. 
   
  
   Excess
  workers’ compensation is an extremely long-tail class of business, with a
  much greater than normal uncertainty as to the appropriate loss development
  factors for the tail of the loss development. After evaluating the historical
  loss development factors for prior accident years since the 1980s as well as
  the development over the past several years of the ground up claim projections
  utilized to help select the loss development factors in the tail for this
  class of business, in our judgment, it is reasonably likely that actual loss
  development for excess workers’ compensation could increase the current
  reserves by up to approximately $1.0 billion or decrease them by
  approximately $250 million. 
   
  
 


    


 


 
  
   
   212 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Reinsurance Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The estimation of reinsurance recoverable involves a
significant amount of judgment, particularly for latent exposures, such as
asbestos, due to their long-tail nature.   Reinsurance
assets include reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and,
consequently, are subject to similar judgments and uncertainties as the
estimation of gross loss reserves.     

 We assess the collectability of reinsurance recoverable
balances through either detailed reviews of the underlying nature of the
reinsurance balance or comparisons with historical trends of disputes and
credit events.  We record adjustments to reflect the results of these
assessments through an allowance for uncollectable reinsurance that reduces the
carrying amount of reinsurance assets in the balance sheet. This estimate
requires significant judgment for which key considerations include: 

 •      paid and unpaid
amounts recoverable;  

 •      whether the
balance is in dispute or subject to legal collection;  

 •      whether the
reinsurer is financially troubled (i.e., liquidated, insolvent, in
receivership or otherwise subject to formal or informal regulatory
restriction); and 

 •      whether
collateral and collateral arrangements exist. 

 At December 31, 2015, the allowance for estimated
unrecoverable reinsurance was $272 million.  

 See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on reinsurance. 

 Future
Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts (Life
Insurance Companies) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Long-duration
traditional products  include whole life
insurance, term life insurance, accident and health insurance, long-term care
insurance, and certain payout annuities for which the payment period is
life-contingent, which include certain of our single premium immediate
annuities and structured settlements. 

 For long-duration traditional business, a “lock-in”
principle applies.  The assumptions used to
calculate the benefit liabilities and DAC are set when a policy is issued and
do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition
event occurs. The assumptions include mortality, morbidity, persistency,
maintenance expenses, and investment returns. These assumptions are typically
consistent with pricing inputs. The assumptions also include margins for
adverse deviation, principally for key assumptions such as mortality and
interest rates used to discount cash flows, to reflect uncertainty given that
actual experience might deviate  from these assumptions. Establishing
margins at contract inception requires management judgment.  The extent of the
margin for adverse deviation may vary depending on the uncertainty of the cash
flows, which is affected by the volatility of the business and the extent of
our experience with the product. 

 Loss recognition occurs if observed changes in actual
experience or estimates result in projected future losses under loss
recognition testing. To determine whether loss recognition exists, we determine
whether a future loss is expected based on updated current assumptions.  If
loss recognition exists, we recognize the loss by first reducing DAC through
amortization expense, and, if DAC is depleted, record additional liabilities
through a charge to policyholder benefit expense. See Note 8 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on loss
recognition.  Because of the long-term nature of many of our liabilities
subject to the “lock-in” principle, small changes in certain assumptions may
cause large changes in the degree of reserve adequacy. In particular, changes
in estimates of future invested asset returns have a large effect on the degree
of reserve deficiency.  

 Groupings for loss recognition testing are consistent with
our manner of acquiring, servicing, and measuring the profitability of the
business and applied by product groupings.  We perform separate loss
recognition tests for traditional life products, payout annuities, and
long-term care insurance. Once loss recognition has been recorded for a block
of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set used for
the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle.  Key
judgments made in loss recognition testing include the following: 


 


 
  
   
   213 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 •      To determine
investment returns used in loss recognition tests, we typically segregate
assets that match the duration of our liabilities with assets of comparable
duration, to the extent practicable, and then project future cash flows on
those assets. Assets supporting insurance liabilities are primarily comprised
of a diversified portfolio of high quality fixed maturity securities, and may
also include, to a lesser extent, alternative investments. Our projections
include a reasonable allowance for investment expenses and expected credit
losses over the projection horizon. A critical assumption in the projection of
expected investment income is the assumed net rate of investment return at
which excess cash flows are to be reinvested.  For products in which asset and
liability durations are matched relatively well, this is less of a
consideration since interest on excess cash flows are not a significant
component of future cash flows.  For the reinvestment rate assumption,
anticipated future changes to the yield curves could have a large effect. 
Given the interest rate environment applicable at the date of our most recent
loss recognition tests, we assumed a modest and gradual increase in long-term
interest rates over time.  

 •    
 For mortality assumptions, key judgments include the extent of industry
versus own experience to base future assumptions as well as the extent of
expected mortality improvements in the future.  The latter judgment is based on
a combination of historical mortality trends and advice from industry, public
health and demography specialists that were consulted by AIG’s actuaries and
published industry information.   

 •    
 For surrender rates, a key judgment involves the correlation between
expected increases/decreases in interest rates and increases/decreases in
surrender rates. To support this judgment, we compare crediting rates on our
products relative to expected rates on competing products under different
interest rate scenarios.  

 •    
 For in-force long-term care insurance, rate increases are allowed but
must be approved by state insurance regulators. Consequently, the extent of
rate increases that may be assumed requires judgment.  In establishing our
assumption for rate increases for long-term care insurance, we consider
historical experience as to the frequency and level of rate increases approved
by state regulators.  

 The Life
operating segment recorded loss recognition expense of $28 million in 2015 and
$87 million in 2014 to increase reserves for certain discontinued long-term
care business due to the update of actuarial assumptions, primarily a result of
lower future premium increase assumptions and, in 2014, lower yield assumptions.
Sales of investment securities in connection with our program to utilize
capital loss carryforwards and other investment sales with subsequent
reinvestment at lower yields triggered recording of loss recognition expense of
$30 million and $1.5 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily related
to certain long-term payout annuity contracts in the Institutional Markets and
Retirement operating segments.  

 Significant
unrealized appreciation on investments in a prolonged low interest rate
environment may cause DAC to be adjusted and additional future policy benefit
liabilities to be recorded through a charge directly to accumulated other
comprehensive income (“shadow loss recognition”). These charges are included,
net of tax, with the change in net unrealized appreciation of investments.  See
Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on
shadow loss recognition. In applying shadow loss recognition, the Company
overlays unrealized gains onto loss recognition tests without revising the
underlying test.  Accordingly, there is limited additional judgment in this
process.   

 Guaranteed
Benefit Features of Variable Annuity Products (Life Insurance Companies) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Variable annuity products offered by our Retirement Income
Solutions and Group Retirement product lines offer guaranteed benefit features.
These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) that
are payable in the event of death or other instances, and living benefits that
are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified
dates during the accumulation period. Living benefits include guaranteed minimum
withdrawal benefits (GMWB), guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), and
guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (GMAB). See Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these
features.   

 The liabilities for GMDB and GMIB, which are recorded in
Future policyholder benefits, represent the expected value of benefits in
excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably over
the accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments, through Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred. The liabilities for GMWB and GMAB, which are
recorded in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded
derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the
liabilities recorded in Other realized capital gains (losses). 


 


 
  
   
   214 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Our exposure to the guaranteed
amounts is equal to the amount by which the contract holder’s account balance
is below the amount provided by the guaranteed feature. A variable annuity
contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for
example, it may have both a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can generally
only receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a
death benefit and a living benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive,
so the exposure to the guaranteed amount for each feature is independent of the
exposure from other features (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to
potentially collect both a GMDB upon their spouse’s death and a GMWB during
their lifetime).  A policyholder cannot purchase more than one living
benefit on one contract. Declines in the equity markets, increased
volatility and a sustained low interest rate environment increase our exposure
to potential benefits under the guaranteed features, leading to an increase in
the liabilities for those benefits. See Estimated Gross Profits for
Investment-Oriented Products (Life Insurance) below for sensitivity analysis
which includes the sensitivity of reserves for guaranteed benefit features to
changes in the assumptions for interest rates, equity market returns,
volatility, and mortality. For additional discussion of market risk management
related to these product features, see Enterprise Risk Management – Life
Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks – Variable Annuity Risk Management and
Hedging Program. 

 The reserving methodology and assumptions used to measure
the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed benefit features are presented in
the following table: 

 
  
   
    Reserving
   Methodology 
    
  
      
    
  
    Assumptions
   and Accounting Judgments 
    
  
 
   
   GMDB  
   
  
 
   
   We determine the GMDB liability at each balance sheet
  date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the
  projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably over the
  accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments. See Note 13 to
  the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on how we
  reserve for variable annuity products with guaranteed benefit features.  
   
  
   Key assumptions include: 
   •    
   Interest rates, which vary by year of issuance and products 
   •    
   Mortality rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to
  allow for variations in policy form 
   •    
   Lapse rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to allow
  for variations in policy form 
   •    
   Investment returns, using assumptions from a randomly generated model  
   •     In
  applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of the GMDB liability, we
  use a reversion to the mean methodology, similar to that applied for
  DAC.  For a description of this methodology, see Estimated Gross Profits
  for Investment-Oriented Products (Life Insurance Companies) below. 
   
  
 
   
   GMWB  
   
  
 
   
   GMWB living benefits are embedded derivatives that are
  required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried at fair value.
  The fair value estimates of the living benefit guarantees include assumptions
  such as interest rates, equity market returns, market volatility, credit
  spreads, equity / interest rate correlation and policyholder behavior. See
  Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
  on how we reserve for variable annuity products with guaranteed benefit
  features, and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information
  on fair value measurement of these embedded derivatives, including how we
  incorporates our own non-performance risk. 
   
  
   The fair value of the embedded
  derivatives is based on actuarial and capital market assumptions related to
  projected cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. Key
  assumptions include: 
   •    
   Interest rates 
   •    
   Equity market returns 
   •    
   Market volatility 
   •    
   Credit spreads 
   •    
   Equity / interest rate correlation 
   •    
   Benefits and related fees assessed, when applicable  
   •      Policyholder
  behavior, including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization.
  Estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective and based primarily
  on our historical experience 
   •    
   In applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of GMWBs, we
  use market-consistent assumptions consistent with fair value measurement,
  which are calibrated to observable interest rate and equity option prices 
   •    
   Allocation of fees between the embedded derivative and host contract 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 



 


 
  
   
   215 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Estimated
Gross Profits for Investment–Oriented Products (Life Insurance Companies) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are
incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new or
renewal of existing insurance contracts related to universal life and
investment-type products (collectively, investment-oriented products) are generally
deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of
estimated gross profits to be realized over a period that approximates the
estimated lives of the contracts, except in instances where significant
negative gross profits are expected in one or more periods.   Estimated gross profits include net investment income and
spreads, net realized investment gains and losses, fees, surrender charges,
expenses, and mortality gains and losses. In estimating future gross profits,
lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on DAC
amortization. For fixed deferred annuity contracts, the future spread between
investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a significant
judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment.  

 If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change
significantly, DAC and related reserves, including VOBA, SIA, guaranteed
benefit reserves and URR, are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any
resulting adjustment is included in income. Updating such assumptions may
result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of
amortization in other products.  

 In estimating future gross profits for variable annuity
products, a long-term annual asset growth assumption of 8.5% (before expenses
that reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected) is applied to
estimate the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees.  In
determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the
equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a reversion to the
mean methodology, whereby short-term asset growth above or below the long-term
annual rate assumption impacts the growth assumption applied to the five-year
period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean
methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also
giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance.  When
actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth
assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions for the five-year reversion to
the mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate
(cap) for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the
growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean
period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent
periods.  The use of a reversion to the mean assumption is common within the
industry; however, the parameters used in the methodology are subject to
judgment and vary within the industry. See Results of Operations – Life
Insurance Companies DAC and Reserves – Reversion to the Mean for additional
discussion. 

   

 The following table summarizes the sensitivity of
changes in certain assumptions for DAC and SIA, embedded derivatives and other
reserves related to guaranteed benefits and URR, the related hypothetical
impact on December 31, 2015 balances and the resulting hypothetical impact on
pre-tax income, before hedging. Changes in net investment spread assumptions
primarily affect DAC and SIA in our Fixed Annuities product line.  Changes in
interest  
 


 
  
   
   216 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 rates, equity returns and volatility
primarily impact embedded derivatives and other reserves for guaranteed
benefits in our Retirement Income Solutions and Group Retirement product lines,
as well as universal life insurance with secondary guarantees. Changes in
mortality assumptions primarily impact DAC in our universal life insurance
business. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Embedded 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Related
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Related
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Decrease) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   Guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Pre-Tax 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   DAC/SIA 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserve 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
 
   
   Assumptions: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Investment Spread 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   (131) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Return (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (176) 
   
  
 
   
   Volatility  (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest Rate (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (131) 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortality 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of a decrease by 1%  
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Lapse 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an increase by 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   (142) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of an decrease by 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
 


 (a) Represents
the net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in long-term equity
returns for GMDB and GMIB reserves and negligible net impact of a
one percent increase or decrease in the S&P 500 index for GMWB
and GMAB living benefit reserves. 

 (b) Represents
the net impact of a one percentage point increase or decrease in equity
volatility. 

 (c) Represents
the net impact of 10 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve on the
reserves for GMWB and GMAB living benefit features. Does not represent interest
rate spread compression on investment-oriented products. 

 The analysis
of DAC, embedded derivatives and other reserves related to guaranteed benefits,
and unearned revenue reserve is a dynamic process that considers all relevant
factors and assumptions described above. We estimate each of the above factors
individually, without the effect of any correlation among the key assumptions.
An assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single assumption
would not necessarily be an indicator of future results. The effects on pre-tax
income in the sensitivity analysis table above do not reflect the related
effects from our economic hedging program, which utilizes derivative and other
financial instruments and is designed so that changes in value of those
instruments move in the opposite direction of changes in the guaranteed benefit
embedded derivative liabilities. For a further discussion on guaranteed benefit
features of our variable annuities and the related hedging program, see Enterprise
Risk Management – Life Insurance Companies Key Insurance Risks – Variable
Annuity Risk Management and Hedging Program, Item 1A. — Risk Factors
— Business and Operations, and Notes 4 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

 Impairment
Charges 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Impairments
of Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At each balance sheet date, we evaluate our available for
sale securities holdings with unrealized losses to determine if an
other-than-temporary impairment has occurred.  We also evaluate our other invested
assets for impairment; these include  
 


 
  
   
   217 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 equity and cost
method investments in private equity funds, hedge funds and other entities as
well as investments in life settlements, aircraft and real estate. 

 See the discussion in Note 5 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information on the methodology and
significant inputs, by investment type, that we use to determine the amount of
impairment. 

 Impairments
on Investments in Life Settlements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Impairments to investments in life settlements may occur in
the future due to the fact that continued payment of premiums required to
maintain policies will cause the expected lifetime undiscounted cash flows for
some policies to become negative in future reporting periods, even in the absence
of future changes to the mortality assumptions. Impairments may also occur due
to our future sale or lapse of select policies at a value that is below
carrying amount.  

 For a discussion of impairments on investments in life
settlements, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Goodwill
Impairment 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For a discussion of goodwill impairment, see Note 11 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. In 2015 and 2014, AIG elected to bypass the
qualitative assessment of whether goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore,
performed quantitative assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair
value of all of the reporting units tested exceeded their book value. To
determine fair value, we primarily use a discounted expected future cash flow analysis
that estimates and discounts projected future distributable earnings.  Such
analysis is principally based on AIG’s business projections that inherently
include judgments regarding business trends. 

 Liability
for Legal Contingencies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We estimate and record a liability for potential losses
that may arise from litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent such
losses are probable and can be estimated. Determining a reasonable estimate of
the amount of such losses requires significant management judgment. In many
cases, it is not possible to determine whether a liability has been incurred or
to estimate the ultimate or minimum amount of that liability until the matter
is close to resolution. In view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the
outcome of such matters, particularly in cases that are in the early stages of
litigation or in which claimants seek substantial or indeterminate damages, we
often cannot predict the outcome or estimate the eventual loss or range of
reasonably possible losses related to such matters. 

 For more information on legal, regulatory and litigation
matters, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Fair
Value Measurements of Certain Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information about the measurement of fair value of financial
assets and financial liabilities and our accounting policy regarding the
incorporation of credit risk in fair value measurements. 

 The following table presents the fair value of fixed
maturity and equity securities by source of value determination: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent
   
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
   of
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on external sources (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   250 
   
  
   93 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value based on internal sources 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity and equity
  securities (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   269 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes $26.3 billion for which the primary source
is broker quotes. 


 


 
  
   
   218 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7 /  CRITICAL aCCOUNTING eSTIMATES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (b) Includes available for sale and
other securities. 

 Level 3
Assets and Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in a hierarchy for
disclosure purposes consisting of three “levels” based on the observability of
inputs available in the marketplace used to measure the fair value. See
Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 

 The following table presents the amount of assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as
Level 3: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   of Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42.4 
   
  
   8.5 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44.4 
   
  
   8.6 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.1 
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.9 
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Level 3 fair
value measurements are based on valuation techniques that use at least one
significant input that is unobservable. We consider unobservable inputs to be
those for which market data is not available and that are developed using the
best information available about the assumptions that market participants would
use when valuing the asset or liability. Our assessment of the significance of
a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires
judgment. 

 We classify
fair value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as Level 3 when
they require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation, including
contractual terms, prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of
volatility, prepayment rates, default rates, mortality rates and correlations
of such inputs. 

 See Note 4    to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for discussion of the valuation methodologies for assets
and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as a discussion of transfers of
Level 3 assets and liabilities. 



 
  




 


 
  
   
   219 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 glossary 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Glossary 
   
  
 


   

 Accident year  The annual calendar
accounting period in which loss events occurred, regardless of when the losses
are actually reported, booked or paid. 

 Accident year combined
ratio, as adjusted 
The combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement
premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of
reserve discounting.  

 Accident year loss
ratio, as adjusted 
The loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums,
prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve
discounting.  

 Acquisition ratio  Acquisition costs
divided by net premiums earned.  Acquisition costs are those costs
incurred to acquire new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the
amortization of VOBA and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include,
but are not limited to, commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs,
certain costs of personnel engaged in sales support activities such as
underwriting.  

 Base Spread  Net investment income
excluding income from alternative investments and enhancements, less interest
credited excluding amortization of sales inducement assets. 

 Base Yield  Net investment income excluding income from
alternative investments and enhancements, as a percentage of average base
invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments, other bond
securities and certain other investments for which the fair value option has
been elected. 

 BET    Binomial
Expansion Technique   A model that generates expected loss estimates for CDO
tranches and derives a credit rating for those tranches. 

 Book Value Per Common
Share, Excluding AOCI   and Book Value Per Common Share Excluding AOCI and DTA  are non-GAAP measures
and are used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-share basis. Book
Value Per Common Share, Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing Total AIG
shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI, by Total common shares outstanding. 
 Book Value Per
Common Share, Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing Total AIG
shareholders’ equity, excluding AOCI and DTA, by Total common shares
outstanding.   

 Casualty insurance  Insurance that is
primarily associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e.,
not the insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result. 

 Catastrophe losses  are generally weather
or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of $10 million each. 

 Combined ratio  Sum of the loss ratio
and the acquisition and general operating expense ratios. 

 CSA    Credit Support
Annex   A legal document generally associated with an ISDA Master Agreement
that provides for collateral postings which could vary depending on ratings and
threshold levels. 

 CVA   Credit Valuation
Adjustment   The
CVA adjusts the valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of
our counterparty with respect to all net derivative assets positions. Also, the
CVA reflects the fair value movement in AIGFP's asset portfolio that is
attributable to credit movements only, without the impact of other market
factors such as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. Finally, the CVA also
accounts for our own credit risk in the fair value measurement of all
derivative net liability positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the
fair value option, when appropriate.  

 DAC    Deferred Policy
Acquisition Costs   Deferred costs that are incremental and directly related
to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business. 

 DAC Related to
Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments   An adjustment to DAC
for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC amortization that
would have been recorded if fixed maturity and equity securities available for
sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds
reinvested at current yields (also referred to as “shadow DAC”). 

 Deferred Gain on
Retroactive Reinsurance   Retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance
contract in which an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for
liabilities incurred as a result of past insurable events. If the amount of
premium paid by the ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss
reserves, the resulting gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement
period of the reserves. Any related development on the ceded loss reserves
recoverable under the contract would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable,
or decrease the deferred gain if favorable. 


 


 
  
   
   220 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 glossary 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Expense
ratio 
Sum of acquisition expenses and general operating expenses, divided by net
premiums earned. 

 First-Lien   Priority over all
other liens or claims on a property in the event of default on a mortgage.  

 General operating
expense ratio 
General operating expenses divided by net premiums earned. General operating
expenses are those costs that are generally attributed to the support
infrastructure of the organization and include but are not limited to personnel
costs, projects and bad debt expenses. General operating expenses exclude
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and
investment expenses. 

 GIC/GIA   Guaranteed
Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment Agreement   A contract whereby the
seller provides a guaranteed repayment of principal and a fixed or floating
interest rate for a predetermined period of time. 

 G-SII    Global
Systemically Important Insurer   An insurer that is deemed globally
systemically important (that is, of such size, market importance and global
interconnectedness that the distress or failure of the insurer would cause
significant dislocation in the global financial system and adverse economic
consequences across a range of countries) by the Financial Stability Board, in
consultation with and based on a methodology developed by the International
Association of Insurance Supervisors. 

 IBNR    Incurred But Not
Reported   Estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported to
us. 

 ISDA Master Agreement   An agreement between
two counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other
governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of
all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged
collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a
default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event
affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions. 

 LAE   Loss Adjustment
Expenses  
The expenses of settling claims, including legal and other fees and the portion
of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs. 

 Loss Ratio  Losses and loss
adjustment expenses incurred divided by net premiums earned. Loss adjustment
expenses are directly attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and
include, but are not limited to, legal fees, adjuster’s fees, and claims
department personnel costs. 

 Loss reserve
development  
The increase or decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses as a
result of the re-estimation of liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses at successive valuation dates for a given group of claims. 

 Loss reserves   Liability for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling
claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet
date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date. 

 LTV    Loan-to-Value
Ratio   Principal amount of loan amount divided by appraised value of
collateral securing the loan. 

 Master netting
agreement  
An agreement between two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts
with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered
by such agreement, as well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in
a single currency, in the event of default on or upon termination of any one
such contract. 

 Net premiums written   Represent the sales
of an insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a
given period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering
risk during a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance
for a sales period, while Net premiums earned are a measure of performance for
a coverage period. 

 Nonbank SIFI    Nonbank
Systemically Important Financial Institutions   Financial institutions are
deemed nonbank systemically important (that is, the failure of the financial
institution could pose a threat to the financial stability of the United
States) by the Financial Stability Oversight Council based on a three-stage
analytical process. 

 Noncontrolling
interest  
The portion of equity ownership in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable
to the controlling parent company. 

 Policy fees   An amount added to a
policy premium, or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder
account, to reflect the cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required
records, sending premium notices and other related expenses. 

 Pool   A reinsurance
arrangement whereby all of the underwriting results of the pool members are
combined and then shared by each member in accordance with its pool
participation percentage. Prior to January 1, 2014, AIG maintained two pools,
the admitted lines pool and the surplus lines pool.  Effective January 1,
2014, these two pools were merged into the combined pool. 


 


 
  
   
   221 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 glossary 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Premiums
and deposits – Institutional Markets  include direct and assumed amounts received
and earned on group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities and
deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts, including GICs. 

 Premiums and deposits
– Retirement  and  
– Life 
include direct and assumed amounts received on traditional life insurance
policies and group benefit policies, and deposits on life-contingent payout
annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type
annuity contracts and mutual funds. 

 Prior year
development    Increase
(referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or reserve strengthening) or
decrease (referred to as favorable development) in estimates of losses and loss
expenses for prior years that is included in earnings. 

 RBC   Risk-Based Capital   A formula designed to
measure the adequacy of an insurer’s statutory surplus compared to the risks
inherent in its business. 

 Reinstatement premium   Additional premiums
payable to reinsurers to restore coverage limits that have been exhausted as a
result of reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance treaties. 

 Reinsurance   The practice whereby
one insurer, the reinsurer, in consideration of a premium paid to that insurer,
agrees to indemnify another insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the
liability of the ceding company under one or more policies or contracts of
insurance which it has issued. 

 Rescission   Denial of claims and
termination of coverage on loans related to fraudulent or undocumented claims,
underwriting guideline violations and other deviations from contractual terms. 

 Retroactive
Reinsurance  
See
Deferred Gain on Retroactive Reinsurance. 

 Return on Equity –
After-tax Operating Income Excluding AOCI and Return on Equity – After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI and DTA  are non-GAAP measures and   are used to
show the rate of return on shareholders’ equity. Return on Equity – After-tax
Operating Income Excluding AOCI is derived by dividing actual or annualized
after-tax operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG shareholders’
equity, excluding average AOCI. Return on Equity – After-tax Operating Income
Excluding AOCI and DTA is derived by dividing actual or annualized after-tax
operating income attributable to AIG by average AIG shareholders’ equity,
excluding average AOCI and DTA.    

 Salvage    The amount that can be
recovered by us for the sale of damaged goods for which our policyholder has
been indemnified (and to which title was transferred to us). 

 Second-lien   Subordinate in
ranking to the first-lien holder claims on a property in the event of default
on a mortgage. 

 Severe losses  Individual
non-catastrophe first party losses and surety losses greater than $10 million,
net of related reinsurance and salvage and subrogation.  Severe losses include
claims related to satellite explosions, plane crashes, and shipwrecks. 

 SIA    Sales Inducement
Asset   Represents enhanced crediting rates or bonus payments to contract
holders on certain annuity and investment contract products that meet the
criteria to be deferred and amortized over the life of the contract. 

 Solvency II   Legislation in the
European Union which reforms the insurance industry’s solvency framework,
including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements,
risk management and public reporting standards.  The Solvency II Directive
(2009/138/EEC) was adopted on November 25, 2009 and is expected to become
effective on January 1, 2016. 

 Subrogation   The amount of recovery
for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a negligent third
party or such party’s insurer.    

 Surrender charge   A charge levied
against an investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or
annuity contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement.  

 Surrender rate  represents annualized
surrenders and withdrawals as a percentage of average account value. 

 Unearned premium
reserve   Liabilities
established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect unearned premiums, which are
usually refundable to policyholders if an insurance or reinsurance contract is
canceled prior to expiration of the contract term. 

 VOBA   Value of Business
Acquired  Present value of projected future gross profits from in-force
policies of acquired businesses .  

    









 


 
  
   
   222 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 acronyms 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Acronyms 
   
  
 


   

 
  
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
    
  
 
     
  
     
   
  
 
     
    
  
 
   
   A&H 
   Accident
  and Health Insurance 
   
  
   GMIB   Guaranteed Minimum
  Income Benefits  
   
  
 
   
   ABS 
   Asset-Backed
  Securities 
   
  
   GMWB   Guaranteed Minimum
  Withdrawal Benefits  
   
  
 
   
   CDO 
   Collateralized
  Debt Obligations 
   
  
   ISDA   International
  Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
   
  
 
   
   CDS 
   Credit
  Default Swap 
   
  
   Moody's  Moody's Corporation 
   
  
 
   
   CLO 
   Collateralized
  Loan Obligations 
   
  
   NAIC   National
  Association of Insurance Commissioners 
   
  
 
   
   CMA 
   Capital
  Maintenance Agreement 
   
  
   NM   Not Meaningful 
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   Commercial
  Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
   OTC  Over-the-Counter 
   
  
 
   
   EGPs 
   Estimated
  gross profits 
   
  
   OTTI  
  Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
   
  
 
   
   FASB 
   Financial
  Accounting Standards Board 
   
  
   RMBS   Residential
  Mortgage-Backed Securities 
   
  
 
   
   FRBNY 
   Federal
  Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   S&P   Standard &
  Poor’s Financial Services LLC 
   
  
 
   
   GAAP
    Accounting
  principles generally accepted in the United States of America 
   
  
   SEC   Securities and
  Exchange Commission 
   
  
 
   
   GMAB 
   Guaranteed
  Minimum Accumulation Benefits 
   
  
   URR   Unearned revenue
  reserve 
   
  
 
   
   GMDB 
   Guaranteed
  Minimum Death Benefits 
   
  
   VIE   Variable Interest
  Entity 
   
  
 


    








 

 

 


 
  
   
   223 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 7a /  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 ITEM 7A /  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 


 The information required by this item is set forth in the
Enterprise Risk Management section of Item 7. Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated
herein by reference. 



 
  



 

 

 


 
  
   
   224 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT
AND SCHEDULES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 ITEM 8 /  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 


 American
International Group, Inc.  

 Index to Financial
Statements and Schedules 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Page 
   
  
 
   
   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   229   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at
  December 31, 2015 and 2014 
   
  
   230   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of
  Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
   
  
   231   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of
  Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014
  and 2013 
   
  
   232   
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of
  Equity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
   
  
   233  
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated Statements of
  Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
   
  
   234  
   
  
 


    

 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 


 
  
   
   Note 1. 
   
  
   Basis of
  Presentation 
   
  
   236 
   
  
 
   
   Note 2 . 
   
  
   Summary of
  Significant Accounting Policies 
   
  
   237 
   
  
 
   
   Note 3. 
   
  
   Segment Information 
   
  
   244 
   
  
 
   
   Note 4. 
   
  
   Fair Value
  Measurements 
   
  
   247 
   
  
 
   
   Note 5. 
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
   269 
   
  
 
   
   Note 6. 
   
  
   Lending
  Activities 
   
  
   281 
   
  
 
   
   Note 7. 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
   Note 8. 
   
  
   Deferred Policy
  Acquisition Costs 
   
  
   286 
   
  
 
   
   Note 9. 
   
  
   Variable Interest
  Entities 
   
  
   289 
   
  
 
   
   Note 10. 
   
  
   Derivatives
  and Hedge Accounting 
   
  
   292 
   
  
 
   
   Note 11. 
   
  
   Goodwill 
   
  
   296 
   
  
 
   
   Note 12 . 
   
  
   Insurance Liabilities 
   
  
   297 
   
  
 
   
   Note 13. 
   
  
   Variable
  Life and Annuity Contracts 
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
   Note 14. 
   
  
   Debt    
   
  
   304 
   
  
 
   
   Note 15. 
   
  
   Contingencies,
  Commitments and Guarantees 
   
  
   306 
   
  
 
   
   Note 16 . 
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
   312 
   
  
 
   
   Note 17. 
   
  
   Earnings Per Share 
   
  
   316 
   
  
 
   
   Note 18. 
   
  
   Statutory
  Financial Data and Restrictions 
   
  
   317 
   
  
 
   
   Note 19. 
   
  
   Share-based
  and Other Compensation Plans 
   
  
   319 
   
  
 
   
   Note 20. 
   
  
   Employee
  Benefits 
   
  
   323 
   
  
 
   
   Note 21. 
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
   333 
   
  
 
   
   Note 22 . 
   
  
   Income Taxes 
   
  
   333 
   
  
 
   
   Note 23. 
   
  
   Quarterly Financial
  Information (Unaudited) 
   
  
   340 
   
  
 
   
   Note 24. 
   
  
   Information
  Provided in Connection With Outstanding Debt 
   
  
   341 
   
  
 
   
   Note 25 
   
  
   Subsequent Events 
   
  
   349 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 


 
  
   
   225 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENT
AND SCHEDULES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Schedules: 

 


 
  
   
   Schedule I 
   
  
   Summary of Investments —
  Other than Investments in Related Parties at December 31, 2015 
   
  
   360 
   
  
 
   
   Schedule II 
   
  
   Condensed Financial
  Information of Registrant at December 31, 2015 and 2014 and for the years
  ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
   Schedule III 
   
  
   Supplementary Insurance Information
  at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   365 
   
  
 
   
   Schedule IV 
   
  
   Reinsurance at December 31,
  2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   366 
   
  
 
   
   Schedule V 
   
  
   Valuation and Qualifying
  Accounts at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended 
   
  
   367 
   
  
 


    








 
 


 
  
   
   226 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the
Board of Directors and Shareholders of American International Group, Inc.: 

 In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying index
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of American
International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (AIG) at December 31, 2015
and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In
addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedules listed in the
accompanying index present fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated
financial statements. Also in our opinion, AIG maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in the  Internal
Control — Integrated Framework 2013  issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). AIG’s management is
responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules,
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
appearing under Item 9A in the 2015 Form 10-K. Our responsibility is to
express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement
schedules, and on AIG’s internal control over financial reporting based on our
integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail,
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

 Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

 New York, New York 

 February
19, 2016 



 
  



 
 


 
  
   
   227 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance SheetS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except for share data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale, at fair value
  (amortized cost: 2015 - $240,968; 2014 - $243,307) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value (See
  Note 5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
 
   
   Equity Securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common and preferred stock available for
  sale, at fair value (cost: 2015 - $1,379; 2014 - $1,930) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
 
   
   Other common and preferred stock, at fair
  value (See Note 5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance (portion measured at fair value: 2015 - $11; 2014 - $6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,990 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets (portion measured
  at fair value: 2015 - $8,912; 2014 - $9,394) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,518 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments (portion measured
  at fair value: 2015 - $2,591; 2014 - $1,684) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Accrued investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,712 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums and other receivables, net of
  allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,451 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,031 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets, net of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,959 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,339 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,827 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets, including restricted cash
  of $170 in 2015 and $2,025 in 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,390 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,153 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account assets, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,036 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
 
   
   Unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,324 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and
  accident and health insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,749 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits (portion
  measured at fair value: 2015 - $2,325; 2014 - $1,561) 
   
  
     
   
  
   127,588 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,613 
   
  
 
   
   Other policyholder funds (portion
  measured at fair value: 2015 - $6; 2014 - $8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,669 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (portion measured at
  fair value: 2015 - $62; 2014 - $350) 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,441 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt (portion measured at fair
  value: 2015 - $3,670; 2014 - $5,466) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
 
   
   Separate account liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,036 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   406,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   408,309 
   
  
 
   
   Contingencies, commitments and guarantees
  (see Note 15) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock, $2.50 par value;
  5,000,000,000 shares authorized; shares issued: 2015 - 1,906,671,492 and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 - 1,906,671,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock, at cost; 2015 - 712,754,875;
  2014 - 530,744,521 shares of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30,098) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,218) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,958 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,775 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   228 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
StatementS of INCOME 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,499 
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,755 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,340 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total other-than-temporary impairments on
  available for sale securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
 
   
   Portion of other-than-temporary
  impairments on available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   fixed maturity securities recognized in
  Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
 
   
   Net other-than-temporary impairments on
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   securities recognized in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (591) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
 
   
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,367 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   956 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,126 
   
  
 
   
   Total net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
 
   
      Other income  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,088 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,866 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
 
   
   Benefits, losses and expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and losses
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31,345 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,503 
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder
  account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,731 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,768 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,892 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,157 
   
  
 
   
   General operating and other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,686 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,564 
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
 
   
      Aircraft leasing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,549 
   
  
 
   
   Loss on extinguishment of debt  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
 
   
   Net (gain) loss on sale of properties and
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
   Total benefits, losses and expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,506 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations before
  income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   (320) 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, net of income tax expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG common
  shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income per common share attributable to
  AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.16 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.08 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299,825,350 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427,959,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474,171,690 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334,464,883 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447,553,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481,206,797 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends declared per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.81 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.20 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   229 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
StatementS of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) of fixed maturity securities on  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         which other-than-temporary credit
  impairments were recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized appreciation
  (depreciation) of all other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,673) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency translation
  adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net derivative gains arising
  from cash flow hedging activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Change in retirement plan liabilities
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,237) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,864) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,781 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,855 
   
  
 
   
      Comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to noncontrolling nonvoting, callable, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         junior and senior preferred
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to other noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income (loss)
  attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   230 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American International
Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
StatementS of Equity 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   redeemable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additional 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Paid-in 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retained 
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   holders' 
   
  
     
   
  
   controlling 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1, 2013 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (13,924) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,176 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   98,002 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   667 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   98,669 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG or other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests* 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,090 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,219) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2013 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14,520) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,899 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,965 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   100,470 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   611 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101,081 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,698) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
   Net decrease due to deconsolidation 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (147) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2014 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,218) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,958 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,775 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   374 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
 
   
   Common stock issued under stock plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Purchase of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,895) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG or 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase due to acquisitions and
  consolidations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
 
   
   Contributions from noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (82) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   574 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   576 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   584 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (30,098) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,510 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   552 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
 


 *  Excludes gains of $2 million in 2013, attributable to
redeemable noncontrolling interests. 

 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 
 


 
  
   
   231 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 American
International Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
StatementS of Cash Flows 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
 
   
      (Income) loss from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   (84) 
   
  
 
   
      Adjustments to reconcile net income to
  net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and
  losses included in income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Net gains on sales of securities
  available for sale and other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (764) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,741) 
   
  
 
   
         Net (gains) losses on sales of
  divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
         Net losses on extinguishment of
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
 
   
         Unrealized gains in earnings – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (522) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
 
   
         Equity in income from equity method
  investments, net of dividends or distributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,394) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,484) 
   
  
 
   
         Depreciation and other amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,713 
   
  
 
   
         Impairments of assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   610 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,332 
   
  
 
   
      Changes in operating assets and
  liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,645 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,576) 
   
  
 
   
         Premiums and other receivables and
  payables – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
         Reinsurance assets and funds held
  under reinsurance treaties 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,872 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,131 
   
  
 
   
         Capitalization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,808) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,880) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,834) 
   
  
 
   
         Current and deferred income taxes –
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   548 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   (437) 
   
  
 
   
         Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,967) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,034) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
 
   
         Total adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,567) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,143) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,865 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales or distribution of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,721 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,526 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,050 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,134 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,884 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,442 
   
  
 
   
         Divested businesses, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Maturities of fixed maturity
  securities available for sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,048 
   
  
 
   
      Principal payments received on and
  sales of mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,856 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,420 
   
  
 
   
      Purchases of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Available for sale investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48,848) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45,552) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63,339) 
   
  
 
   
         Other securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,704) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (472) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,040) 
   
  
 
   
         Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,573) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,078) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,242) 
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,008) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,266) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,842 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,194) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,099 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds from (payments for) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,029 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,829 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,772 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract withdrawals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,619) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,319) 
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,235 
   
  
 
   
      Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,197) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,420) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,358) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,758) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
 
   
   Net increase (decrease) in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash of businesses held for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   232 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


    TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Supplementary Disclosure of
  Consolidated Cash Flow Information 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash paid during the period for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,367 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,856 
   
  
 
   
      Taxes 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   511 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   737 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   796 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash investing/financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest credited to policyholder
  contract deposits included in financing activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,676 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,904 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,987 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of ILFC 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,586 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Non-cash consideration received from
  sale of AerCap 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   500 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Consolidated
  Financial Statements. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 









 
 


 
  
   
   233 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 1. BASIS
OF PRESENTATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading
global insurance organization serving customers in more than 100 countries and
jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial, institutional and individual
customers through one of the most extensive worldwide property‑casualty
networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG companies are leading providers of
life insurance and retirement services in the United States. AIG Common Stock,
par value $2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock
Exchange (NYSE: AIG) and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Unless the context indicates
otherwise, the terms “AIG,” “we,” “us” or “our” mean American International
Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and the term “AIG Parent” means
American International Group, Inc. and not any of its consolidated
subsidiaries. 

 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of AIG Parent, our controlled subsidiaries (generally through a greater than 50 percent
ownership of voting rights and voting interests), and variable interest
entities (VIEs) of which we are the primary beneficiary. Equity investments in
entities that we do not consolidate, including corporate entities in which we have
significant influence and partnership and partnership-like entities in which we
have more than minor influence over the operating and financial policies, are
accounted for under the equity method unless we have elected the fair value option. 

 Certain of our foreign subsidiaries included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements report on different fiscal-period bases. The
effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations of all
material events occurring at these subsidiaries through the date of each of the
periods presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements has been recorded.
 

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States (GAAP). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have
been eliminated. 

 Sale of ILFC 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On May 14, 2014, we completed the sale of 100 percent of the
common stock of International Lease Finance Corporation (ILFC) to AerCap
Ireland Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of AerCap Holdings N.V. (AerCap), in
exchange for total consideration of approximately $7.6 billion, including cash
and 97.6 million newly issued AerCap common shares (the AerCap Transaction).
The total value of the consideration was based in part on AerCap’s closing
price per share of $47.01 on May 13, 2014. ILFC’s results of operations are
reflected in Aircraft leasing revenue and Aircraft leasing expenses in the
Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) through the date of the completion of
the sale.  

 In June 2015, we sold 86.9 million ordinary shares of AerCap
by means of an underwritten public offering of 71.2 million ordinary shares and
a private sale of 15.7 million ordinary shares to AerCap. We received cash
proceeds of approximately $3.7 billion, reflecting proceeds of approximately
$3.4 billion from the underwritten offering and cash proceeds of $250 million
from the private sale of shares to AerCap. In connection with the closing of
the private sale of shares to AerCap, we also received $500 million of 6.50%
fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated notes issued by AerCap Global
Aviation Trust and guaranteed by AerCap and certain of its
subsidiaries. These notes, included in Bonds available for sale, mature in
2045 and are callable beginning in 2025.  We accounted for our interest in
AerCap using the equity method of accounting through the date of the June 2015
sale, and as available for sale thereafter.  In August 2015, we sold our
remaining 10.7 million ordinary shares of AerCap by means of an underwritten
public offering and received proceeds of approximately $500 million.  

 Use of Estimates 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a
significant degree of judgment. Accounting policies that we believe are most
dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions are considered our
critical accounting estimates and are related to the determination of: 

 •    
 income tax assets and liabilities, including recoverability of our net
deferred tax asset and the predictability of future tax operating profitability
of the character necessary to realize the net deferred tax asset; 


 


 
  
   
   234 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 •      liability for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses; 

 •    
 reinsurance assets; 

 •    
 valuation of future policy benefit liabilities and timing and extent of
loss recognition; 

 •    
 valuation of liabilities for guaranteed benefit features of variable
annuity products; 

 •    
 estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs for
investment-oriented products; 

 •    
 impairment charges, including other-than-temporary impairments on available
for sale securities, impairments on other invested assets, including
investments in life settlements, and goodwill impairment; 

 •    
 liability for legal contingencies; and 

 •    
 fair value measurements of certain financial assets and liabilities. 

 These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions
about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To
the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially affected. 

 Out of Period Adjustments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For the year ended December 31, 2015, we recorded out of
period adjustments relating to prior years that decreased Net income
attributable to AIG by $156 million, decreased Income from continuing
operations before income taxes by $376 million and decreased pre-tax operating
income by $235 million.  The out of period adjustments are primarily
related to impairments of Other invested assets and changes in Liability for
unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and income tax liabilities.
 Had these adjustments, which were determined not to be material, been
recorded in their appropriate periods, Net Income attributable to AIG for the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 would have decreased by $51 million and
increased by $78 million, respectively. 








 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table identifies our significant accounting
policies presented in other Notes to these Consolidated Financial Statements,
with a reference to the Note where a detailed description can be found: 

 
  
   
   Note 5. 
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Fixed maturity and equity securities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Other invested assets 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Short-term investments 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Net investment income 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Other-than-temporary impairments 
   
  
 
   
   Note  6.  
   
  
   Lending Activities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Mortgage and other loans receivable –
  net of allowance 
   
  
 
   
   Note  7. 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Reinsurance assets – net of allowance 
   
  
 
   
   Note  8. 
   
  
   Deferred Policy Acquisition
  Costs 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
 
   
   Note  10. 
   
  
   Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Derivative assets and liabilities, at fair value 
   
  
 
   
   Note  11. 
   
  
   Goodwill 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Note  12. 
   
  
   Insurance Liabilities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses 
   ·     Discounting of reserves 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Future policy benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Other policyholder funds 
   
  
 
   
   Note 13 
   
  
   Variable Life and Annuity
  Contracts 
   
  
 
   
   Note  14. 
   
  
   Debt 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·  
   Long-term debt 
   
  
 
   
   Note  15. 
   
  
   Contingencies, Commitments and
  Guarantees 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ·     Legal contingencies 
   
  
 
   
   Note  17. 
   
  
   Earnings Per Share 
   
  
 
   
   Note  22. 
   
  
   Income Taxes 
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   235 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Other
significant accounting policies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Premiums  for
short-duration contracts are recorded as written on the inception date of the
policy. Premiums are earned primarily on a pro rata basis over the term of the
related coverage. Sales of extended services contracts are reflected as
premiums written and earned on a pro rata basis over the term of the related
coverage.  In addition, certain miscellaneous income is included as premiums
written and earned. The reserve for unearned premiums includes the portion of
premiums written relating to the unexpired terms of coverage. Reinsurance
premiums are typically earned over the same period as the underlying policies
or risks covered by the contract.   As a result, the earnings pattern of a
reinsurance contract may extend up to 24 months, reflecting the inception dates
of the underlying policies throughout the year. 

 Reinsurance premiums ceded are
recognized as a reduction in revenues over the period the reinsurance coverage
is provided in proportion to the risks to which the premiums relate. 

 Premiums for long-duration
insurance products and life contingent annuities are recognized as revenues when
due. Estimates for premiums due but not yet collected are accrued.  

 Policy
fees  represent fees recognized from
universal life and investment-type products consisting of policy charges for
the cost of insurance, policy administration charges, surrender charges and
amortization of unearned revenue reserves.   Policy fees are
recognized as revenues in the period in which they are assessed against
policyholders, unless the fees are designed to compensate AIG for services to
be provided in the future.  Fees deferred as unearned revenue are
amortized in relation to the incidence of expected gross profits to be realized
over the estimated lives of the contracts, similar to DAC. 

 Aircraft
leasing revenue  from flight equipment
under operating leases, through May 14, 2014, the date of disposal of ILFC, was
recognized over the life of the leases as rental payments became receivable
under the provisions of the leases or, in the case of leases with varying
payments, under the straight-line method over the noncancelable term of the
leases. In certain cases, leases provided for additional payments contingent on
usage. In those cases, rental revenue was recognized at the time such usage
occurred, net of estimated future contractual aircraft maintenance
reimbursements. Gains on sales of flight equipment were recognized when flight
equipment was sold and the risk of ownership of the equipment passed to the new
owner. 

 Other
income  includes advisory fee income from the Consumer Insurance broker
dealer business,  as well as legal recoveries of $94 million, $804
million and $1.2 billion from legacy crisis and other matters in 2015, 2014 and
2013, respectively. 

 Other income from our Corporate and Other
category consists of the following: 

 •    
 Changes in fair value relating to financial assets and liabilities for
which the fair value option has been elected. 

 •    
 Interest income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts on bonds with changes in the timing and the amount
of expected principal and interest cash flows reflected in the yield, as
applicable. 

 •    
 Dividend income from common and preferred stock and earnings distributions
from other investments. 


 


 
  
   
   236 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 •    
 Changes in the fair value of other securities sold but not yet
purchased, futures, hybrid financial instruments, securities purchased under
agreements to resell, and securities sold under agreements to repurchase. 

 •    
 Income earned on real estate based investments and related realized
gains and losses from sales, property level impairments and financing costs. 

 •    
 Exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions. 

 •    
 Earnings from private equity funds and hedge fund investments accounted
for under the equity method. 

 •    
 Changes in the fair value of derivatives at  AIG
Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries (collectively AIGFP) .  

 •    
 Gains and losses recognized in earnings on derivatives designated as
hedges, for the effective portion and their related hedged items. 

 Aircraft
leasing expenses  through May 14, 2014, the date of disposal of
ILFC, consisted of ILFC interest expense, depreciation expense, impairment
charges, fair value adjustments and lease-related charges on aircraft as well
as selling, general and administrative expenses and other expenses incurred by
ILFC. 

 Cash  represents
cash on hand and non-interest- bearing demand deposits. 

 Short-term investments 
consist of interest‑bearing cash equivalents, time deposits, securities
purchased under agreements to resell, and investments, such as commercial
paper, with original maturities within one year from the date of purchase. 

 Premiums
and other receivables – net of allowance  include premium balances
receivable, amounts due from agents and brokers and policyholders, trade
receivables for the DIB and GCM and other receivables. Trade receivables for
GCM include cash collateral posted to derivative counterparties that is not
eligible to be netted against derivative liabilities. The allowance for
doubtful accounts on premiums and other receivables was $333 million and $428 million
at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 Other assets  consist
of sales inducement assets, prepaid expenses, deposits, other deferred charges,
real estate, other fixed assets, capitalized software costs, goodwill,
intangible assets other than goodwill, restricted cash and derivative assets. 

 We offer sales inducements which include enhanced crediting
rates or bonus payments to contract holders (bonus interest) on certain annuity
and investment contract products. Sales inducements provided to the contract
holder are recognized in Policyholder contract deposits in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Such amounts are deferred and amortized over the life of the
contract using the same methodology and assumptions used to amortize DAC (see
Note 8 herein). To qualify for such accounting treatment, the bonus interest
must be explicitly identified in the contract at inception. We must also
demonstrate that such amounts are incremental to amounts we credit on similar
contracts without bonus interest, and are higher than the contract’s expected
ongoing crediting rates for periods after the bonus period. The deferred bonus
interest and other deferred sales inducement assets totaled $845 million
and $629 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The
amortization expense associated with these assets is reported within Interest
credited to policyholder account balances in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. Such amortization expense totaled $88 million, $63 million
and $102 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. 

 The cost of buildings and furniture and equipment is
depreciated principally on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful
lives (maximum of 40 years for buildings and 10 years for furniture and
equipment). Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to income as
incurred and expenditures for improvements are capitalized and depreciated. We
periodically assess the carrying amount of our real estate for purposes of
determining any asset impairment. Capitalized software costs, which represent
costs directly related to obtaining, developing or upgrading internal use
software, are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over a
period generally not exceeding five years. Real estate, fixed assets and other
long-lived assets are assessed for impairment when impairment indicators exist. 

 
 


 
  
   
   237 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Separate accounts  represent
funds for which investment income and investment gains and losses accrue
directly to the policyholders who bear the investment risk. Each account has
specific investment objectives and the assets are carried at fair value. The
assets of each account are legally segregated and are not subject to claims
that arise from any of our other businesses. The liabilities for these accounts
are equal to the account assets. For a more detailed discussion of separate
accounts, see Note 13 herein. 

 Other liabilities  consist of other funds on
deposit, other payables, securities sold under agreements to repurchase,
securities sold but not yet purchased and derivative liabilities. We have
entered into certain insurance and reinsurance contracts, primarily in our Non-Life
Insurance Companies segment, that do not contain sufficient insurance risk to
be accounted for as insurance or reinsurance. Accordingly, the premiums
received on such contracts, after deduction for certain related expenses, are
recorded as deposits within Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Net proceeds of these deposits are invested and generate Net investment
income. As amounts are paid, consistent with the underlying contracts, the
deposit liability is reduced. Also included in Other liabilities are trade
payables for the DIB and GCM, which include option premiums received and
payables to counterparties that relate to unrealized gains and losses on
futures, forwards, and options and balances due to clearing brokers and
exchanges. Trade payables for GCM also include cash collateral received from
derivative counterparties that contractually cannot be netted against
derivative assets. 

 Securities sold but not yet purchased represent sales of
securities not owned at the time of sale. The obligations arising from such
transactions are recorded on a trade-date basis and carried at fair value. Fair
values of securities sold but not yet purchased are based on current market
prices.   

 Foreign currency:   Financial statement
accounts expressed in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars.
Functional currency assets and liabilities are translated into
U.S. dollars generally using rates of exchange prevailing at the balance
sheet date of each respective subsidiary and the related translation
adjustments are recorded as a separate component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of any related taxes, in Total AIG shareholders’
equity. Income statement accounts expressed in functional currencies are
translated using average exchange rates during the period. Functional
currencies are generally the currencies of the local operating environment.
Financial statement accounts expressed in currencies other than the functional
currency of a consolidated entity are remeasured into that entity’s functional
currency resulting in exchange gains or losses recorded in income. The
adjustments resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign
entities operating in highly inflationary economies are recorded in income.  

 Non-redeemable   noncontrolling interest  is the portion of
equity (net assets) in a subsidiary not attributable, directly or indirectly,
to a parent. 

 Accounting Standards
Adopted During 2015 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Reclassification of Residential Real Estate Collateralized
Consumer Mortgage Loans upon Foreclosure 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In January 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(FASB) issued an accounting standard that clarifies that a creditor is
considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate
property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan, so that the loan is
derecognized and the real estate property is recognized, when either (i) the
creditor obtains legal title to the residential real estate property upon
completion of a foreclosure or (ii) the borrower conveys all interest in the
residential real estate property to the creditor to satisfy the loan through
completion of a deed in lieu of foreclosure or through a similar legal
agreement. 

 We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2015. The adoption of this standard had no material effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  


 


 
  
   
   238 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Reporting Discontinued Operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In April 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
changes the requirements for presenting a component or group of components of
an entity as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures. Under the
standard, the disposal of a component or group of components of an entity
should be reported as a discontinued operation if the disposal represents a
strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity’s
operations and financial results. Disposals of equity method investments, or
those reported as held-for-sale, must be presented as a discontinued operation
if they meet the new definition. The standard also requires entities to provide
disclosures about the disposal of an individually significant component of an
entity that does not qualify for discontinued operations presentation. 

 We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2015 on a prospective basis.  The adoption of this standard had no
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.  

 Repurchase-to-Maturity Transactions, Repurchase Financings,
and Disclosures 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
changes the accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and repurchase
financing arrangements. It also requires additional disclosures about
repurchase agreements and other similar transactions. The standard aligns the
accounting for repurchase-to-maturity transactions and repurchase agreements
executed as repurchase financings with the accounting for other typical
repurchase agreements such that they all will be accounted for as secured
borrowings. The standard eliminates sale accounting for repurchase-to-maturity
transactions and supersedes the standard under which a transfer of a financial
asset and a contemporaneous repurchase financing could be accounted for on a
combined basis as a forward agreement. 

 We adopted the standard on its required effective date of
January 1, 2015 on a prospective basis.  The adoption of this standard had no
material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows.  

 Future Application of Accounting
Standards 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Revenue Recognition 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In May 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance. The standard excludes
from its scope the accounting for insurance contracts, leases, financial
instruments, and certain other agreements that are governed under other GAAP
guidance, but could affect the revenue recognition for certain of our other
activities. 

 The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and may be applied retrospectively or
through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings at the date of
adoption. Early adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that
reporting period. We plan to adopt the standard on its required effective date
of January 1, 2018 and are assessing the impact of the standard on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows .  

 Accounting
for Share-Based Payments with Performance Targets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


  In June 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
clarifies the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award
provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service
period. The standard requires that a performance target that affects vesting
and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a
performance condition. 


 


 
  
   
   239 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The standard is effective for
interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early
adoption is permitted. The standard may be applied prospectively to all awards
granted or modified after the effective date or retrospectively to all awards
with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the
earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or
modified awards thereafter. We plan to adopt the standard on its required
effective date of January 1, 2016 and do not expect the adoption of the
standard to have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows .   

 Measuring
the Financial Assets and the Financial Liabilities of a Consolidated
Collateralized Financing Entity 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In August 2014, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
allows a reporting entity to measure the financial assets and financial
liabilities of a qualifying consolidated collateralized financing entity using
the fair value of either its financial assets or financial liabilities,
whichever is more observable. 

 The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The
standard may be applied retrospectively or through a cumulative effect
adjustment to retained earnings at the date of adoption. We plan to adopt the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2016 and do not expect
the adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Consolidation:  Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In February 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that affects reporting entities that are required to evaluate whether they
should consolidate certain legal entities. Specifically, the amendments modify
the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are
variable interest entities (VIEs) or voting interest entities; eliminate the
presumption that a general partner should consolidate a limited partnership;
affect the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with
VIEs, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party
relationships; and provide a scope exception from consolidation guidance for
reporting entities with interests in legal entities that are required to comply
with or operate in accordance with requirements that are similar to those in
Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 for registered money market
funds. 

 The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. The standard may be applied
retrospectively or through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings
as of the beginning of the year of adoption. We plan to adopt the standard on
its required effective date of January 1, 2016 and do not expect the adoption
of the standard to have a material effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 Customer’s
Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In April 2015, the FASB
issued an accounting standard that provides guidance to customers about whether
a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing
arrangement includes a software license the customer should account for the
software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of
other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a
software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service
contract. The guidance does not change generally accepted accounting principles
applicable to a customer's accounting for service contracts.  Consequently, all
software licenses will be accounted for consistent with other licenses of
intangible assets. 

 The standard is effective for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The standard
may be adopted prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially
modified after the effective date or retrospectively. We plan to adopt the
standard on its required effective date of January 1, 2016 and do not expect
the adoption of the standard to have a material effect on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows .  


 


 
  
   
   240 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Simplifying the
Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
amends the guidance for debt issuance costs by requiring such costs to be
presented as a deduction to the corresponding debt liability, rather than as an
asset, and for the amortization of such costs to be reported as interest
expense.  The amendments are intended to simplify the presentation of debt
issuance costs and make it consistent with the presentation of debt discounts
or premiums. The amendments, however, do not change the recognition and
measurement guidance applicable to debt issuance costs.  

 The standard is effective for interim and annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2015.  Early adoption is permitted.  The
standard must be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented. 
We plan to adopt the standard on January 1, 2016, its required effective
date.  Because the new standard does not affect accounting recognition or
measurement of debt issuance costs, the adoption of the standard will have not
have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of
operations, or cash flows.   

 Short Duration Insurance Contracts 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In May 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard that
requires additional disclosures (including accident year information) for
short-duration insurance contracts. New disclosures about the liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses will be required of public
business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The
annual disclosures by accident year include: disaggregated net incurred and
paid claims development tables segregated by business type (not required to
exceed 10 years), reconciliation of total net reserves included in development
tables to the reported liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses, incurred but not reported (IBNR) information, quantitative
information and a qualitative description about claim frequency, and the
average annual percentage payout of incurred claims. Further, the new standard
requires, when applicable, disclosures about discounting liabilities for unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses and significant changes and reasons for
changes in methodologies and assumptions used to determine unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses.  In addition, the roll forward of the liability
for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses currently disclosed in annual
financial statements will be required for interim periods beginning in the
first quarter of 2017.  Early adoption of the new annual and interim
disclosures is permitted. 

 We plan to adopt the standard on its required effective
date.  Because the new standard does not affect accounting recognition or
measurement, the adoption of the standard will have no effect on our
consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.   

 Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In January 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard
that affects the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of
financial instruments.  Specifically, under the new standard, equity
investments (other than those accounted for using the equity method of
accounting or those subject to consolidation) will be measured at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in earnings.  Also, for those financial
liabilities for which fair value option accounting has been elected, the new
standard requires changes in fair value due to instrument-specific credit risk
to be presented separately in other comprehensive income. The standard updates
certain fair value disclosure requirements for financial instruments carried at
amortized cost. 

 The standard is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption of certain provisions
is permitted.  We are assessing the impact of the standard on our consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 









 


 
  
   
   241 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We report our results of operations consistent with the
manner in which our chief operating decision makers review the business to
assess performance and allocate resources through two reportable segments: 
Commercial Insurance and Consumer Insurance as well as a Corporate and Other
category.  The Corporate and Other category consists of businesses and items
not allocated to our reportable segments.   

 We evaluate performance based on revenues and pre‑tax operating
income (loss).  Pre-tax operating income (loss) is derived by excluding certain
items from net income (loss) attributable to AIG.  See the table below for the
items excluded from pre-tax operating income. 

 Investment income of the Non-Life Insurance Companies is
allocated between the Property Casualty and Personal Insurance operating
segments based on an internal investment income allocation model. The model
estimates investable funds based primarily on loss reserves and allocated
capital. Investment income of the Life Insurance Companies is attributed to the
Retirement, Life and Institutional Markets operating segments based on invested
assets in product line portfolios; income from invested assets in excess of
liabilities is allocated to product lines based on internal capital estimates. 

 The Commercial and Consumer reportable segments are each presented
as three operating segments: 

 Commercial
Insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The Commercial Insurance segment is presented as three
operating segments: 

 •    
 Property Casualty  – consists of Casualty, Property, Specialty,
and Financial product lines. 

 •    
 Mortgage Guaranty  – Mortgage insurance protects mortgage lenders
and investors against the increased risk of borrower default related to high
loan-to-value mortgages. 

 •    
 Institutional Markets  –    consists of   stable value wrap
products, structured settlement and terminal funding annuities, high net worth
products, corporate- and bank-owned life insurance and guaranteed investment
contracts (GICs). 

 Property Casualty products are primarily distributed through
a network of independent retail and wholesale brokers, and through an
independent agency network.  Mortgage Guaranty products and services are
provided to mortgage lenders including mortgage banks, credit unions and
finance agencies.  Institutional Markets products are marketed primarily
through specialized marketing and consulting firms and structured settlement
brokers.   

 Consumer
Insurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The Consumer Insurance segment is presented as three
operating segments:  

 •    
 Retirement   – consists of Fixed Annuities, Retirement Income
Solutions, Group Retirement, and Retail Mutual Funds product lines. 

 •    
 Life   – primary products in the U.S. include term life and
universal life insurance. International products include term and whole life
insurance, supplemental health, cancer and critical illness insurance. 

 •    
 Personal Insurance  – consists of Personal Lines and Accident
& Health product lines.  

 Retirement products are distributed through affiliated
career financial advisors and through non-affiliated channels, which include
banks, wirehouses, regional and independent broker-dealers, independent
marketing organizations and independent insurance agents. Life products in the
U.S. are primarily distributed through independent marking organizations,
independent insurance agents, financial advisors and direct marketing.
International life products are sold through non-affiliated  
 


 
  
   
   242 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 independent agents and direct marketing.  Personal
insurance products are distributed primarily through agents and brokers, as
well as through direct marketing and partner organizations. 

 Corporate
and Other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our Corporate and Other consists of: 

 •    
 Income from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate subsidiaries; 

 •    
 General operating expenses not attributable to specific reporting
segments; 

 •    
 Interest expense; and 

 •    
 Run-off insurance lines. 

 Certain of our management activities, such as investment
management, enterprise risk management, liquidity management and capital
management, and our balance sheet reporting, are conducted on a legal entity
basis.  We group our insurance-related legal entities into two categories:
Non-Life Insurance Companies, and Life Insurance Companies.  

 Non-Life Insurance Companies include the following major
property casualty and mortgage guaranty companies: National Union Fire
Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa.(National Union); American Home Assurance
Company (American Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); Fuji Fire and
Marine Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Fire); American Home Assurance Company,
Ltd. (American Home Japan); AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd.; AIG Europe
Limited and United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company (UGRIC). 

 Life Insurance Companies include the following major
operating companies: American General Life Insurance Company (American General
Life); The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company (VALIC); The United States
Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (U.S. Life) and AIG Fuji Life
Insurance Company Limited (Fuji Life). 


 


 
  
   
   243 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table presents
AIG’s continuing operations by reportable segment:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Depreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Operating 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Revenues  
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
  Property Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,625 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   593 
   
  
 
   
      
  Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   644 
   
  
 
   
      
  Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   415 
   
  
 
   
         Total
  Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,474 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,652 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,298 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,839 
   
  
 
   
       Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   465 
   
  
 
   
      
  Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,944 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   74 
   
  
 
   
         Total
  Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,051 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,378 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,901 
   
  
     
   
  
   617 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,313 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (883) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (573) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (317) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  Consolidated pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   57,591 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,096 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,055 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling
  Items from pre-tax operating income to pre-tax income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Changes
  in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         
  living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
 
   
       Changes
  in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
       Other
  income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
 
   
       Loss on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
 
   
       Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
 
   
       Income
  from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
 
   
      
  Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
       Reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         
  business 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
 
   
      
  Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
 
   
       Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
  Property Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,183 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,298 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,445 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,248 
   
  
 
   
      
  Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   592 
   
  
 
   
      
  Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (215) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   670 
   
  
 
   
         Total
  Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,801 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,286 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,510 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,784 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (231) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,495 
   
  
 
   
       Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
 
   
      
  Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,067 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   399 
   
  
 
   
         Total
  Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,469 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,966 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,474 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   700 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (379) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (475) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (356) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  Consolidated pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,001 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,819 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,574 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling
  Items from pre-tax operating income to pre-tax income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Changes
  in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         
  living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
 
   
       Changes
  in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (217) 
   
  
 
   
       Other
  income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
       Loss on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,282) 
   
  
 
   
       Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   739 
   
  
 
   
       Loss
  from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,169 
   
  
 
   
      
  Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   804 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
 
   
       Reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         
  business 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      
  Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
       Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,448 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commercial
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
  Property Casualty 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25,108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,431 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,393 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,095 
   
  
 
   
      
  Mortgage Guaranty 
   
  
     
   
  
   941 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   244 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 3. SEGMENT INFORMATION 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
      
  Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,813 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,090 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (160) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
 
   
         Total
  Commercial Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,862 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,980 
   
  
 
   
   Consumer
  Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
  Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (165) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,490 
   
  
 
   
       Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,397 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   806 
   
  
 
   
      
  Personal Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,832 
   
  
     
   
  
   455 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
 
   
         Total
  Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,564 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate
  and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,073 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,451 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (265) 
   
  
 
   
   AIG
  Consolidation and elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (343) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (328) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG
  Consolidated pre-tax operating income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   61,524 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,971 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,390 
   
  
 
   
   Reconciling
  Items from pre-tax operating income to pre-tax income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       Changes
  in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         
  living benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
 
   
       Changes
  in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and SIA related to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,608) 
   
  
 
   
       Other
  income (expense) - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
 
   
       Loss on
  extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (651) 
   
  
 
   
       Net
  realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
 
   
       Loss
  from divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
      
  Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,152 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
 
   
       Reserve
  development related to non-operating run-off insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         
  business 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      
  Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
       Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax
  income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
 


   

 The
following table presents AIG’s year-end identifiable assets and capital
expenditures by legal entity category: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Year-End Identifiable Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital Expenditures 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Total Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   150,368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   164,299 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   991 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   697 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   297,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   301,295 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
 
   
   Total Corporate and Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   141,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   159,394 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,021 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Consolidation and Elimination 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92,572) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (109,407) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,943 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,722 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,832 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents AIG’s consolidated total revenues and real estate and
other fixed assets, net of accumulated depreciation, by major geographic area: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Real Estate and Other Fixed Assets,  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   Total Revenues * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net of Accumulated Depreciation 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,366 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,274 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,886 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,606 
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,942 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,804 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   602 
   
  
     
   
  
   521 
   
  
     
   
  
   448 
   
  
 
   
   Other Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,992 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,700 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,315 
   
  
 


 *   Revenues
are generally reported according to the geographic location of the reporting
unit. 



 
  



 4. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Fair
Value Measurements on a Recurring Basis 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We carry certain of our financial instruments at fair value.
We define the fair value of a financial instrument as the amount that would be
received from the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. We are
responsible for the determination of the value of the investments carried at
fair value and the supporting methodologies and assumptions. 


 


 
  
   
   245 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The degree of judgment used in
measuring the fair value of financial instruments generally inversely
correlates with the level of observable valuation inputs. We maximize the use
of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring
fair value. Financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets generally
have more pricing observability and less judgment is used in measuring fair
value. Conversely, financial instruments for which no quoted prices are
available have less observability and are measured at fair value using
valuation models or other pricing techniques that require more judgment.
Pricing observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of
financial instrument, whether the financial instrument is new to the market and
not yet established, the characteristics specific to the transaction, liquidity
and general market conditions. 

 Fair
Value Hierarchy 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in accordance with a
fair value hierarchy consisting of three “levels” based on the observability of
valuation inputs: 

 •    
 Level 1: 
Fair value measurements based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
that we have the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities.  Market
price data generally is obtained from exchange or dealer markets. We do not
adjust the quoted price for such instruments. 

 •    
 Level 2:  Fair value measurements based on inputs other than quoted
prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for
similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and inputs
other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such
as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted
intervals. 

 •    
 Level 3: 
Fair value measurements based on valuation techniques that use significant
inputs that are unobservable. Both observable and unobservable inputs may be
used to determine the fair values of positions classified in Level 3. The
circumstances for using these measurements include those in which there is
little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. Therefore, we must
make certain assumptions about the inputs a hypothetical market participant
would use to value that asset  or liability. In certain cases, the inputs
used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which
the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its
entirety. 

 The following is a description of the valuation
methodologies used for instruments carried at fair value. These methodologies
are applied to assets and liabilities across the levels discussed above, and it
is the observability of the inputs used that determines the appropriate level
in the fair value hierarchy for the respective asset or liability. 

 Valuation
Methodologies of Financial Instruments Measured at Fair Value 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Incorporation
of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 •    
 Our Own Credit Risk.   Fair value measurements for certain
liabilities incorporate our own credit risk by determining the explicit cost
for each counterparty to protect against its net credit exposure to us at the
balance sheet date by reference to observable AIG CDS or cash bond spreads. We
calculate the effect of credit spread changes using discounted cash flow
techniques that incorporate current market interest rates. A derivative
counterparty’s net credit exposure to us is determined based on master netting
agreements, when applicable, which take into consideration all derivative
positions with us, as well as collateral we post with the counterparty at the
balance sheet date.   For a description of how we
incorporate our own credit risk in the valuation of embedded derivatives
related to certain annuity and life insurance products, see Embedded
Derivatives within Policyholder Contract Deposits, below. 

 •    
 Counterparty Credit Risk.   Fair value measurements for freestanding derivatives
incorporate counterparty credit by determining the explicit cost for us to
protect against our net credit exposure to each counterparty at the balance
sheet date by reference to observable counterparty CDS  spreads, when
available. When not available, other directly or indirectly observable credit
spreads will be used to derive the best estimates of the counterparty spreads.
Our net credit exposure to  
 


 
  
   
   246 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 a counterparty is
determined based on master netting agreements, which take into consideration
all derivative positions with the counterparty, as well as collateral posted by
the counterparty at the balance sheet date. 

 Fair values for fixed maturity securities based on
observable market prices for identical or similar instruments implicitly
incorporate counterparty credit risk. Fair values for fixed maturity securities
based on internal models incorporate counterparty credit risk by using discount
rates that take into consideration cash issuance spreads for similar
instruments or other observable information. 

 For fair values measured based on internal models, the cost
of credit protection is determined under a discounted present value approach
considering the market levels for single name CDS spreads for each specific
counterparty, the mid-market value of the net exposure (reflecting the amount
of protection required) and the weighted average life of the net exposure. CDS
spreads are provided to us by an independent third party. We utilize an
interest rate based on the benchmark London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)
curve to derive our discount rates. 

 While this approach does not explicitly consider all
potential future behavior of the derivative transactions or potential future
changes in valuation inputs, we believe this approach provides a reasonable
estimate of the fair value of the assets and liabilities, including
consideration of the impact of non-performance risk. 

 Fixed
Maturity Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Whenever available, we obtain quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure fixed
maturity securities at fair value. Market price data is generally obtained from
dealer markets. 

 We employ independent third-party valuation service
providers to gather, analyze, and interpret market information to derive fair
value estimates for individual investments, based upon market-accepted methodologies
and assumptions. The methodologies used by these independent third-party
valuation service providers are reviewed and understood by management, through
periodic discussion with and information provided by the independent
third-party valuation service providers. In addition, as discussed further
below, control processes are applied to the fair values received from
independent third-party valuation service providers to ensure the accuracy of
these values. 

 Valuation service providers typically obtain data about
market transactions and other key valuation model inputs from multiple sources
and, through the use of market-accepted valuation methodologies, which may
utilize matrix pricing, financial models, accompanying model inputs and various
assumptions, provide a single fair value measurement for individual securities.
The inputs used by the valuation service providers include, but are not limited
to, market prices from completed transactions for identical securities and
transactions for comparable securities, benchmark yields, interest rate yield
curves, credit spreads, prepayment rates, default rates, recovery assumptions, currency
rates, quoted prices for similar securities and other market-observable
information, as applicable. If fair value is determined using financial models,
these models generally take into account, among other things, market observable
information as of the measurement date as well as the specific attributes of
the security being valued, including its term, interest rate, credit rating,
industry sector, and when applicable, collateral quality and other security or
issuer-specific information. When market transactions or other market
observable data is limited, the extent to which judgment is applied in
determining fair value is greatly increased. 

 We have control processes designed to ensure that the fair
values received from independent third-party valuation service providers are
accurately recorded, that their data inputs and valuation techniques are
appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions used appear
reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value. We
assess the reasonableness of individual security values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers through various analytical techniques,
and have procedures to escalate related questions internally and to the independent
third-party valuation service providers for resolution. To assess the degree of
pricing consensus among various valuation service providers for specific asset
types, we conduct comparisons of prices received from available sources. We use
these comparisons to establish a hierarchy for the fair values received from independent
third-party valuation service providers to be used for particular security
classes. We also validate prices for selected securities through reviews by
members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of
those charged with executing investing transactions. 


 


 
  
   
   247 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 When our independent third-party
valuation service providers are unable to obtain sufficient market observable
information upon which to estimate the fair value for a particular security,
fair value is determined either by requesting brokers who are knowledgeable
about these securities to provide a price quote, which is generally
non-binding, or by employing market accepted valuation models. Broker prices
may be based on an income approach, which converts expected future cash flows
to a single present value amount, with specific consideration of inputs
relevant to particular security types. For structured securities, such inputs
may include ratings, collateral types, geographic concentrations, underlying
loan vintages, loan delinquencies and defaults, loss severity assumptions, prepayments,
and weighted average coupons and maturities. When the volume or level of market
activity for a security is limited, certain inputs used to determine fair value
may not be observable in the market. Broker prices may also be based on a
market approach that considers recent transactions involving identical or
similar securities. Fair values provided by brokers are subject to similar
control processes to those noted above for fair values from independent third-party
valuation service providers, including management reviews. For those corporate
debt instruments (for example, private placements) that are not traded in
active markets or that are subject to transfer restrictions, valuations reflect
illiquidity and non-transferability, based on available market evidence. When
observable price quotations are not available, fair value is determined based
on discounted cash flow models using discount rates based on credit spreads,
yields or price levels of comparable securities, adjusted for illiquidity and structure.
Fair values determined internally are also subject to management review to
ensure that valuation models and related inputs are reasonable. 

 The methodology above is relevant for all fixed maturity
securities including residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS), commercial
mortgage backed securities (CMBS), collateralized debt obligations (CDO), other
asset‑backed securities (ABS) and fixed maturity securities issued by
government sponsored entities and corporate entities. 

 Equity Securities Traded in Active
Markets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Whenever available, we obtain quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure equity
securities at fair value. Market price data is generally obtained from exchange
or dealer markets. 

 Mortgage
and Other Loans Receivable 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We estimate the fair value of mortgage and other loans
receivable that are measured at fair value by using dealer quotations,
discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation models. The
determination of fair value considers inputs such as interest rate, maturity,
the borrower’s creditworthiness, collateral, subordination, guarantees,
past-due status, yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates, market pricing
for comparable loans and other relevant factors. 

 Other
Invested Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We initially estimate the fair value of investments in
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships by
reference to the transaction price. Subsequently, we generally obtain the fair
value of these investments from net asset value information provided by the
general partner or manager of the investments, the financial statements of
which are generally audited annually. We consider observable market data and
perform certain control procedures to validate the appropriateness of using the
net asset value as a fair value measurement. The fair values of other
investments carried at fair value, such as direct private equity holdings, are
initially determined based on transaction price and are subsequently estimated
based on available evidence such as market transactions in similar instruments,
other financing transactions of the issuer and other available financial
information for the issuer, with adjustments made to reflect illiquidity as
appropriate. 

 Short-term
Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 For short-term investments that are measured at amortized
cost, the carrying amounts of these assets approximate fair values because of
the relatively short period of time between origination and expected
realization, and their limited exposure to credit risk.  Securities purchased
under agreements to resell (reverse repurchase agreements) are generally
treated as collateralized  
 


 
  
   
   248 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 receivables.  We report
certain receivables arising from securities purchased under agreements to
resell as Short-term investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. When these
receivables are measured at fair value, we use market-observable interest rates
to determine fair value.  

 Separate Account Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Separate account assets are composed primarily of registered
and unregistered open-end mutual funds that generally trade daily and are
measured at fair value in the manner discussed above for equity securities
traded in active markets. 

 Freestanding
Derivatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Derivative assets and liabilities can be exchange-traded or
traded over-the-counter (OTC). We generally value exchange-traded derivatives
such as futures and options using quoted prices in active markets for identical
derivatives at the balance sheet date. 

 OTC derivatives are valued using market transactions and
other market evidence whenever possible, including market-based inputs to
models, model calibration to market clearing transactions, broker or dealer
quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price
transparency. When models are used, the selection of a particular model to
value an OTC derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and specific risks
inherent in the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information
in the market. We generally use similar models to value similar instruments.
Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms,
market prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility,
prepayment rates and correlations of such inputs. For OTC derivatives that
trade in liquid markets, such as generic forwards, swaps and options, model
inputs can generally be corroborated by observable market data by correlation
or other means, and model selection does not involve significant management
judgment. 

 For certain OTC derivatives that trade in less liquid
markets, where we generally do not have corroborating market evidence to
support significant model inputs and cannot verify the model to market
transactions, the transaction price may provide the best estimate of fair
value. Accordingly, when a pricing model is used to value such an instrument,
the model is adjusted so the model value at inception equals the transaction
price. We will update valuation inputs in these models only when corroborated
by evidence such as similar market transactions, independent third-party valuation
service providers and/or broker or dealer quotations, or other empirical market
data. When appropriate, valuations are adjusted for various factors such as
liquidity, bid/offer spreads and credit considerations. Such adjustments are
generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence,
management’s best estimate is used. 

 We value our super senior credit default swap portfolio
using prices obtained from vendors and/or counterparties.  The valuation of the
super senior credit derivatives is complex because of the limited availability
of market observable information due to the lack of trading and price
transparency in certain structured finance markets. Our valuation methodologies
for the super senior CDS portfolio have evolved over time in response to market
conditions and the availability of market observable information. We have
sought to calibrate the methodologies to available market information and to
review the assumptions of the methodologies on a regular basis.  

 Embedded Derivatives within
Policyholder Contract Deposits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity and
life contracts contain embedded derivatives that we bifurcate from the host
contracts and account for separately at fair value, with changes in fair value
recognized in earnings.  These embedded derivatives are classified within
Policyholder contract deposits.  We have concluded these contracts contain either
(i) a written option that guarantees a minimum accumulation value at
maturity, (ii) a written option that guarantees annual withdrawals regardless
of underlying market performance for a specific period or for life, or
(iii) equity-indexed written options that meet the criteria of derivatives
and must be bifurcated. 


 


 
  
   
   249 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The fair value of embedded
derivatives contained in certain variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity
and life contracts is measured based on actuarial and capital market
assumptions related to projected cash flows over the expected lives of the
contracts. These discounted cash flow projections primarily include benefits
and related fees assessed, when applicable. In some instances, the projected
cash flows from fees may exceed projected cash flows related to benefit
payments and therefore, at a point in time, the carrying value of the embedded
derivative may be in a net asset position. The projected cash flows incorporate
best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior (including mortality,
lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization), along with an explicit risk
margin to reflect a market participant’s estimates of projected cash flows and
policyholder behavior. Estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective
and based primarily on our historical experience. 

 Because of the dynamic and complex nature of the projected
cash flows with respect to embedded derivatives in our variable annuity contracts,
risk neutral valuations are used which are calibrated to observable interest
rate and equity option prices. Estimating the underlying cash flows for these
products involves judgments regarding expected market rates of return, market
volatility, credit spreads, correlations of certain market variables, fund
performance, discount rates and policyholder behavior. The portion of fees
attributable to the fair value of expected benefit payments are included within
the fair value measurement of these embedded derivatives and related fees are
classified in net realized gain/loss as earned, consistent with other changes
in the fair value of these embedded policy derivatives.  Any portion of the
fees not attributed to the embedded derivative are excluded from the fair value
measurement and classified in policy fees as earned. 

 With respect to embedded derivatives in our equity-indexed
annuity and life contracts, option pricing models are used to estimate fair
value, taking into account assumptions for future equity index growth rates,
volatility of the equity index, future interest rates, and determinations on
adjusting the participation rate and the cap on equity-indexed credited rates
in light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions.  

 Projected cash flows are discounted using the interest rate
swap curve (swap curve), which is commonly viewed as being consistent with the
credit spreads for highly‑rated financial institutions (S&P AA-rated
or above). A swap curve shows the fixed-rate leg of a non-complex swap against
the floating rate (for example, LIBOR) leg of a related tenor. We also
incorporate our own risk of non-performance in the valuation of the embedded
derivatives associated with variable annuity and equity-indexed annuity and
life contracts. The non-performance risk adjustment reflects a market
participant’s view of our claims-paying ability by incorporating an additional
spread to the swap curve used to discount projected benefit cash flows in the
valuation of these embedded derivatives. The non-performance risk adjustment is
calculated by constructing forward rates based on a weighted average of
observable corporate credit indices to approximate the claims-paying ability
rating of our Life Insurance Companies. 

 Long-Term Debt 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The fair value of non-structured liabilities is generally
determined by using market prices from exchange or dealer markets, when
available, or discounting expected cash flows using the appropriate discount
rate for the applicable maturity. We determine the fair value of structured
liabilities and hybrid financial instruments (where performance is linked to
structured interest rates, inflation or currency risks) using the appropriate
derivative valuation methodology (described above) given the nature of the
embedded risk profile. In addition, adjustments are made to the valuations of
both non-structured and structured liabilities to reflect our own
creditworthiness based on the methodology described under the caption
“Incorporation of Credit Risk in Fair Value Measurements – Our Own Credit Risk”
above. 

 Borrowings under obligations of guaranteed investment
agreements (GIAs), which are guaranteed by us, are recorded at fair value using
discounted cash flow calculations based on interest rates currently being
offered for similar contracts and our current market observable implicit credit
spread rates with maturities consistent with those remaining for the contracts
being valued. Obligations may be called at various times prior to maturity at
the option of the counterparty. Interest rates on these borrowings are primarily
fixed, vary by maturity and range up to 7.62 percent. 


 


 
  
   
   250 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Other Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Other liabilities measured at fair value include certain
securities sold under agreements to repurchase and certain securities sold but
not yet purchased. Liabilities arising from securities sold under agreements to
repurchase are generally treated as collateralized borrowings. We estimate the
fair value of liabilities arising under these agreements by using market-observable
interest rates. This methodology considers such factors as the coupon rate,
yield curves and other relevant factors. Fair values for securities sold but
not yet purchased are based on current market prices.  

 Assets and Liabilities Measured at
Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents information about assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the
level of the fair value measurement based on the observability of the inputs
used: 

 
  
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting * 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,323 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   683 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,195 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,988 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,986 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,097 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   683 
   
  
     
   
  
   218,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond
  securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,369 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   649 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,230 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,273 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
         Mutual
  funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,914 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity
  securities  
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,654 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,912 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,162 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign
  exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   766 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   766 
   
  
 
   
         Equity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Credit
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
        
  Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,822) 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,950 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,416 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,591 
   
  
 
   
      Separate
  account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,574 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   251 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   79,711 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   241,939 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,432 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,554) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   361,260 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder
  contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,289 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,325 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest
  rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,199 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign
  exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,204 
   
  
 
   
         Equity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Credit
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   508 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   508 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
        
  Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,028) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,402 
   
  
     
   
  
   646 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,020 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,670 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,987 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,118 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (760) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,083 
   
  
 


 
  
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Counterparty 
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Netting * 
   
  
   Collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   322 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,670 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,992 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,659 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   742 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,095 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   142,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,433 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,696 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,275 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   229,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond
  securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S.
  government and government sponsored entities 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,498 
   
  
 
   
        
  Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S.
  governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   989 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,094 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,200 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,629 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred
  stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
         Mutual
  funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   738 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,742 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,394 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,743 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   840 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   252 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
         Counterparty netting and cash
  collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,221) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   584 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,684 
   
  
 
   
      Separate
  account assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,939 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,036 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,232 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   255,366 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,362 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   377,739 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder
  contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,561 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  policyholder funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,133 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,491 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
         Counterparty netting and cash
  collateral 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,531) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,466 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,262 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,893 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,658 
   
  
 


 *    Represents netting of derivative
exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 

 Transfers of Level 1
and Level 2 Assets and Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our policy is to record transfers of assets and liabilities
between Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of
each reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair
value. Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer
transacted with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market.
Conversely, assets are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when
transaction volume and frequency are indicative of an active market. During the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, we transferred $695 million and $590
million, respectively, of securities issued by Non-U.S. government entities
from Level 1 to Level 2, because they are no longer considered
actively traded. For similar reasons, during the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014, we transferred $181 million and $107 million, respectively, of
securities issued by the U.S. government and government‑sponsored
entities from Level 1 to Level 2.  There were no material transfers
from Level 2 to Level 1 during the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014. 


 


 
  
   
   253 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Changes in Level 3 Recurring Fair
Value Measurements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following tables present changes during the years
ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 in Level 3 assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis, and the realized and unrealized
gains (losses) related to the Level 3 assets and liabilities in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2015 and 2014: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issues
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (105) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,124 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,515 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,724) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   (512) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,696 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   (258) 
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   (139) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,294 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (436) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,522 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   193 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   646 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
     
   
  
   698 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
     
   
  
   761 
   
  
     
   
  
   (139) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   435 
   
  
     
   
  
   (789) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (530) 
   
  
     
   
  
   117 
   
  
     
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,654 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,263 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,855) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,345) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,548) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (315) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (465) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,289) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (978) 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivative liabilities, net (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,072) 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (213) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,794) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,028) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   249 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   254 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  Included 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income on 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Included 
   
  
     
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issues
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of Year 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            and political subdivisions (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   233 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   (509) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
     
   
  
   120 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,519) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,696 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,974 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,545 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,488 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,945) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,001 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,181 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   937 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   844 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   (452) 
   
  
     
   
  
   369 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,805) 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   (949) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,449 
   
  
     
   
  
   318 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,421) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   (912) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,462 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,797 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,615) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44,263 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   298 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (312) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,127) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (218) 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
         Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
         Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
         Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (978) 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
 
   
         Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives liabilities, net (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,072) 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (370) 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   (213) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,121) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (659) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,794) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   152 
   
  
 


 (a) Total
Level 3 derivative exposures have been netted in these tables for
presentation purposes only. 

 (b) Includes
guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), notes, bonds, loans and mortgages
payable. 

 (c)  Purchases,
Sales, Issues and Settlements, Net primarily reflect the effect of
consolidating previously unconsolidated securitization vehicles. 

 
 


 
  
   
   255 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Net realized and unrealized gains and losses included in
income related to Level 3 assets and liabilities shown above are reported
in the Consolidated Statements of Income as follows: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net Realized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital  
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,227 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,294 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   324 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   435 
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (315) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (315) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   269 
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds
  available for sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,236 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,180 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,037 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,132 
   
  
 
   
      Equity
  securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
 
   
     
  Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,127) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the gross components of purchases, sales, issues and
settlements, net, shown above: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales,
  Issues and 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements,
  Net (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   279 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (371) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   (194) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,829) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (808) 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   273 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (890) 
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   (530) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,312) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (436) 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (173) 
   
  
     
   
  
   460 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,520) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   897 
   
  
     
   
  
   (481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,790) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,374) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 
   
      Other equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   682 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (625) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (530) 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,990 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,600) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,735) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,345) 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (442) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (465) 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (442) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   226 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   256 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Obligations of states,
  municipalities and political subdivisions (c) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,041 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   914 
   
  
 
   
         Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,381) 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
     
   
  
   (224) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,145) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,545 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   (461) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,077) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,092 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (125) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,839) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,805) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,047) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,849) 
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (834) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,678 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (554) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,959) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (149) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   133 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
      Derivative liabilities, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (152) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
 


 (a) There were no issuances during the
years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

 (b) Includes GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.  
 

 (c)  Purchases primarily reflect the effect of consolidating
previously unconsolidated securitization vehicles.   

 Both
observable and unobservable inputs may be used to determine the fair values of
positions classified in Level 3 in the tables above. As a result, the
unrealized gains (losses) on instruments held at December 31, 2015 and 2014 may
include changes in fair value that were attributable to both observable
(e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable inputs
(e.g., changes in unobservable long-dated volatilities). 

 Transfers
of Level 3 Assets and Liabilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We record transfers of assets and liabilities into or out of
Level 3 at their fair values as of the end of each reporting period,
consistent with the date of the determination of fair value. The Net realized
and unrealized gains (losses) included in income (loss) or Other comprehensive
income (loss) and as shown in the table above excludes $2 million of net
losses and $22 million of net gains related to assets and liabilities
transferred into Level 3 during 2015 and 2014, respectively, and includes
$36 million of net losses and $62 million of net gains related to assets
and liabilities transferred out of Level 3 during 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Assets 

 During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, transfers
into Level 3 assets primarily included certain investments in private placement
corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS, CDO/ABS, and investments in hedge funds. Transfers
of private placement corporate debt and certain ABS into Level 3 assets
were primarily the result of limited market pricing information that required
us to determine fair value for these securities based on inputs that are
adjusted to better reflect our own assumptions regarding the characteristics of
a specific security or associated market liquidity. The transfers of
investments in RMBS, CMBS and CDO and certain ABS into Level 3 assets were due
to decreases in market transparency and liquidity for individual  
 


 
  
   
   257 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 security types. Certain investments in hedge funds were
transferred into Level 3 due to these investments now being carried at fair
value and no longer being accounted for using the equity method of accounting
due to a change in percentage ownership, or as a result of limited market
activity due to fund-imposed redemption restrictions. 

 During the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, transfers
out of Level 3 assets primarily included CMBS, CDO/ABS, RMBS, certain
investments in municipal securities, private placement and other corporate
debt, and investments in hedge funds. Transfers of certain investments in
municipal securities, corporate debt, RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS out of Level 3
assets were based on consideration of market liquidity as well as related
transparency of pricing and associated observable inputs for these investments.
Transfers of certain investments in private placement corporate debt and
certain ABS out of Level 3 assets were primarily the result of using
observable pricing information that reflects the fair value of those securities
without the need for adjustment based on our own assumptions regarding the
characteristics of a specific security or the current liquidity in the market.
The transfers of certain hedge fund investments out of Level 3 assets were
primarily the result of easing of certain fund-imposed redemption restrictions. 

 Transfers of Level 3 Liabilities 

 There were no significant transfers of derivative or other
liabilities into or out of Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2015
and 2014. 

 Quantitative Information about Level 3
Fair Value Measurements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The table below presents information about the
significant unobservable inputs used for recurring fair value measurements for
certain Level 3 instruments, and includes only those instruments for which
information about the inputs is reasonably available to us, such as data from independent
third-party valuation service providers and from internal valuation models.
Because input information from third-parties with respect to certain Level 3
instruments (primarily CDO/ABS) may not be reasonably available to us, balances
shown below may not equal total amounts reported for such Level 3 assets and
liabilities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value  at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (b) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average ) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   4.32%
  - 5.10% (4.71%) 
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   642 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   5.63%
  - 12.45% (9.04%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,280 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate 
   
  
   0.99%
  - 8.95% (4.97%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity 
   
  
   47.21%
  - 79.50% (63.35%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate 
   
  
   3.49%
  - 9.04% (6.26%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.13%
  - 6.14% (4.63%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,338 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.41%
  - 4.98% (4.19%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,388 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 17.65% (6.62%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      within Policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   258 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
      contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   GMWB and GMAB 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,234 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  volatility 
   
  
   15.00%
  - 50.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   1.00%
  - 17.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse rate 
   
  
   0.20%
  - 25.50% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   80.00%
  - 104.27% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization
  rate 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 70.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  / interest-rate correlation (d) 
   
  
   20.00%
  - 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   715 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Lapse
  rate 
   
  
   0.75%
  - 66.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  multiplier (c) 
   
  
   50.00%
  - 75.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indexed Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  volatility 
   
  
   13.25%
  to 22.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   2.00%
  to 19.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
   0.00%
  to 40.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value  at  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
   Valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Range 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
   Technique 
   
  
   Unobservable
  Input (b) 
   
  
   (Weighted
  Average) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.9%
  - 4.62% (4.26%) 
   
  
 
   
      municipalities and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,145 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   3.46%
  - 8.75% (6.10%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,353 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Constant
  prepayment rate 
   
  
   0.59%
  - 9.35% (4.97%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss
  severity 
   
  
   46.04%
  - 79.56% (62.80%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Constant
  default rate 
   
  
   3.67%
  - 9.96% (6.82%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   2.67%
  - 6.64% (4.65%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,282 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   4.70%
  - 9.70% (7.10%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,687 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Yield 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 17.29% (6.06%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      within Policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
       contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   GMWB and GMAB 
   
  
     
   
  
   957 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  volatility 
   
  
   6.00%
  - 39.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   1.00%
  - 28.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dynamic
  lapse rate 
   
  
   0.20%
  - 42.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
   0.10%
  - 35.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Utilization
  rate 
   
  
   0.50%
  - 30.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index Annuities 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Lapse
  rate 
   
  
   0.75%
  - 66.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
   0.02%
  - 44.06% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Indexed Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
   Discounted
  cash flow 
   
  
   Equity
  volatility 
   
  
   10.00%
  to 25.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Base
  lapse rate 
   
  
   2.00%
  to 19.00% 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortality
  rate 
   
  
   0.00%
  to 20.00% 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative liabilities -  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      credit contracts (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
   BET 
   
  
   Recovery
  rate 
   
  
   5.00%
  - 23.00% (13.00%) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Diversity
  score 
   
  
   8
  - 25 (13) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted
  average life 
   
  
   2.67
  - 10.49 years (4.65 years) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   259 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (a) Information received from
third-party valuation service providers.  The ranges of the unobservable inputs
for constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant default rate relate to
each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that comprise the entire
portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CDO securitization vehicles and not
necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches) purchased by us. The
ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to changes in the fair values
of the tranches purchased by us, because there are other factors relevant to
the fair values of specific tranches owned by us including, but not limited to,
purchase price, position in the waterfall, senior versus subordinated position
and attachment points. 

 (b) Represents discount rates, estimates and assumptions that
we believe would be used by market participants when valuing these assets and
liabilities. 

 (c)  Mortality inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012
Individual Annuity Mortality Basic table for GMWB and GMAB, and the 1975-1980
Modified Basic Table for index annuities. 

 (d) An equity / interest rate correlation factor was added to
the valuation model in the fourth quarter of 2015. 

 (e) Beginning in the third quarter of 2015, we began valuing
these instruments using prices obtained from vendors and/or counterparties and
discontinued use of the BET model. 

 The
ranges of reported inputs for Obligations of states, municipalities and
political subdivisions, Corporate debt, RMBS, CDO/ABS, and CMBS valued using a
discounted cash flow technique consist of one standard deviation in either
direction from the value‑weighted average. The preceding table does not
give effect to our risk management practices that might offset risks inherent
in these Level 3 assets and liabilities. 

 Sensitivity
to Changes in Unobservable Inputs 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market
data is not available and that are developed using the best information
available to us about the assumptions that market participants would use when
pricing the asset or liability. Relevant inputs vary depending on the nature of
the instrument being measured at fair value. The following paragraphs provide a
general description of sensitivities of significant unobservable inputs along
with interrelationships between and among the significant unobservable inputs
and their impact on the fair value measurements. The effect of a change in a
particular assumption in the sensitivity analysis below is considered
independently of changes in any other assumptions. In practice, simultaneous
changes in assumptions may not always have a linear effect on the inputs discussed
below. Interrelationships may also exist between observable and unobservable
inputs. Such relationships have not been included in the discussion below. For
each of the individual relationships described below, the inverse relationship
would also generally apply. 

 Obligations
of States, Municipalities and Political Subdivisions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of certain investments in obligations of states, municipalities and
political subdivisions is yield.  In general, increases in the yield would
decrease the fair value of investments in obligations of states, municipalities
and political subdivisions. 

 Corporate
Debt 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Corporate debt securities included in Level 3 are
primarily private placement issuances that are not traded in active markets or
that are subject to transfer restrictions. Fair value measurements consider
illiquidity and non-transferability. When observable price quotations are not
available, fair value is determined based on discounted cash flow models using
discount rates based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of publicly‑traded
debt of the issuer or other comparable securities, considering illiquidity and
structure. The significant unobservable input used in the fair value
measurement of corporate debt is the yield.  
 


 
  
   
   260 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The yield
is affected by the market movements in credit spreads and U.S. Treasury yields.
In addition, the migration in credit quality of a given security generally has
a corresponding effect on the fair value measurement of the security. For
example, a downward migration of credit quality would increase spreads. Holding
U.S. Treasury rates constant, an increase in corporate credit spreads would decrease
the fair value of corporate debt.   

 RMBS
and CDO/ABS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The significant unobservable inputs used in fair value
measurements of RMBS and certain CDO/ABS valued by third‑party valuation
service providers are constant prepayment rates (CPR), loss severity, constant
default rates (CDR) and yield. A change in the assumptions used for the
probability of default will generally be accompanied by a corresponding change
in the assumption used for the loss severity and an inverse change in the
assumption used for prepayment rates. In general, increases in CPR, loss
severity, CDR and yield, in isolation, would result in a decrease in the fair
value measurement. Changes in fair value based on variations in assumptions
generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship between the
directional change of each input is not usually linear. 

 CMBS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The significant unobservable input used in fair value
measurements for CMBS is the yield.  Prepayment assumptions for each mortgage
pool are factored into the yield.  CMBS generally feature a lower degree of
prepayment risk than RMBS because commercial mortgages generally contain a
penalty for prepayment. In general, increases in the yield would decrease the
fair value of CMBS. 

 Embedded derivatives within Policyholder
contract deposits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Embedded derivatives reported within Policyholder contract
deposits include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and guaranteed
minimum accumulation benefits (GMAB) within variable annuity products, and
certain enhancements to interest crediting rates based on market indices within
index annuities, indexed life and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs).  For
any given contract, assumptions for unobservable inputs vary throughout the
period over which cash flows are projected for purposes of valuing the embedded
derivative. The following unobservable inputs are used for valuing embedded
derivatives measured at fair value: 

 ·         
 Long-term equity volatilities represent equity volatility beyond
the period for which observable equity volatilities are available. Increases in
assumed volatility will generally increase the fair value of both the projected
cash flows from rider fees as well as the projected cash flows related to
benefit payments. Therefore, the net change in the fair value of the liability
may either decrease or increase, depending on the relative changes in projected
rider fees and projected benefit payments. In 2015, the calculations used to
measure equity volatilities for the GMWB and GMAB were updated to provide
greater emphasis on current expected market-based volatilities versus
historical market volatilities. The implementation of this change reduced the
fair value of the GMWB and GMAB liabilities, net of related adjustments to DAC,
by approximately $143 million at December 31, 2015, which was more than offset
by the addition of an equity / interest rate correlation factor to the
valuation model in 2015, as described below. Long-term equity volatility and
equity / interest rate correlation are both key inputs in our economic scenario
modeling used to value the embedded derivatives. 

   

 ·         
 Equity / interest rate correlation estimates the relationship
between changes in equity returns and interest rates in the economic scenario
generator used to value our GMWB and GMAB embedded derivatives.  In general, a
higher positive correlation assumes that equity markets and interest rates move
in a more correlated fashion, which generally increases the fair value of the
liability.  Prior to 2015, an assumption of zero correlation was used based on
historical data that was mixed as to the direction of this correlation over a
long period of time. In 2015, we added a positive correlation factor based on
current market conditions and expected views of market participants. This
change increased the GMWB and GMAB fair value liabilities, net of related
adjustments to DAC, by approximately $155 million at December 31, 2015, which
was largely offset by an update to equity volatility assumptions, as described above. 


 


 
  
   
   261 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 ·         
 Base lapse rate assumptions are determined by company experience
and are adjusted at the contract level using a dynamic lapse function, which
reduces the base lapse rate when the contract is in-the-money (when the
contract holder’s guaranteed value is worth more than their underlying account
value). Lapse rates are also generally assumed to be lower in periods when a
surrender charge applies. Increases in assumed lapse rates will generally
decrease the fair value of the liability, as fewer policyholders would persist
to collect guaranteed withdrawal amounts, but in certain scenarios, increases
in assumed lapse rates may increase the fair value of the liability.  

 ·         
 Mortality rate assumptions, which vary by age and gender, are
based on company experience and include a mortality improvement assumption.
Increases in assumed mortality rates will decrease the fair value of the
liability, while lower mortality rate assumptions will generally increase the fair
value of the liability, because guaranteed payments will be made for a longer
period of time. 

 ·         
 Utilization rate assumptions estimate the timing when
policyholders with a GMWB will elect to utilize their benefit and begin taking
withdrawals. The assumptions may vary by the type of guarantee, tax-qualified
status, the contract’s withdrawal history and the age of the policyholder. 
Utilization rate assumptions are based on company experience, which includes
partial withdrawal behavior. Increases in assumed utilization rates will
generally increase the fair value of the liability. 

 Derivative
liabilities – credit contracts 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The significant unobservable inputs used for Derivative
liabilities – credit contracts are recovery rates, diversity scores, and
the weighted average life of the portfolio. AIG non-performance risk is also
considered in the measurement of the liability.  

 An increase in recovery rates and diversity score will
decrease the fair value of the liability. An increase in the weighted average
life will increase the fair value measurement of the liability. 

 Investments in Certain Entities Carried
at Fair Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table includes information related to our
investments in certain other invested assets, including private equity funds,
hedge funds and other alternative investments that calculate net asset value
per share (or its equivalent). For these investments, which are measured at
fair value on a recurring basis, we use the net asset value per share to
measure fair value. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value Using Net Asset Value Per Share (or its equivalent) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unfunded 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Investment Category Includes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commitments 
   
  
 
   
   Investment Category 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Private equity funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Leveraged buyout 
   
  
   Debt and/or equity investments made as
  part of a transaction in which assets of mature companies are acquired from
  the current shareholders, typically with the use of financial leverage 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,774 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,275 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   450 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real Estate /  
      Infrastructure 
   
  
   Investments in real estate properties and
  infrastructure positions, including power plants and other energy generating
  facilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
   213 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Venture capital 
   
  
   Early-stage, high-potential, growth
  companies expected to generate a return through an eventual realization
  event, such as an initial public offering or sale of the company 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   262 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
     
  Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in
  default, under bankruptcy protection, or troubled  
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   Includes multi-strategy, mezzanine, and
  other strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   298 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
 
   
   Total private equity funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   980 
   
  
 
   
   Hedge funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Event-driven 
   
  
   Securities of companies undergoing
  material structural changes, including mergers, acquisitions and other
  reorganizations 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-short 
   
  
   Securities that the manager believes are
  undervalued, with corresponding short positions to hedge market risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,978 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Macro 
   
  
   Investments that take long and short
  positions in financial instruments based on a top-down view of certain
  economic and capital market conditions 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Distressed 
   
  
   Securities of companies that are in
  default, under bankruptcy protection or troubled   
   
  
     
   
  
   699 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   731 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Emerging markets 
   
  
   Investments in the financial markets of
  developing countries 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
   Includes multi-strategy, relative value,
  and other strategies 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,359 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   986 
   
  
 


 Private
equity fund investments included above are not redeemable, because
distributions from the funds will be received when underlying investments of
the funds are liquidated. Private equity funds are generally expected to have 10-year
lives at their inception, but these lives may be extended at the fund manager’s
discretion, typically in one or two-year increments. At December 31, 2015,
assuming average original expected lives of 10 years for the funds, 78 percent
of the total fair value using net asset value per share (or its equivalent)
presented above would have expected remaining lives of three years or less, 6
percent between four and six years and 16 percent between seven and
10 years. 

 The hedge fund
investments included above are generally redeemable monthly (14 percent),
quarterly (47 percent), semi-annually (14 percent) and annually (25
percent), with redemption notices ranging from one day to 180 days. At
December 31, 2015, however, investments representing approximately 46 percent
of the total fair value of the hedge fund investments cannot be redeemed,
either in whole or in part, because the investments include various contractual
restrictions. The majority of these contractual restrictions, which may have
been put in place at the fund’s inception or thereafter, have pre-defined end
dates and are generally expected to be lifted by the end of 2016. The fund
investments for which redemption is restricted only in part generally relate to
certain hedge funds that hold at least one investment that the fund manager
deems to be illiquid. 

 Fair Value Option 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Under the fair value option, we may elect to measure at fair
value financial assets and financial liabilities that are not otherwise
required to be carried at fair value. Subsequent changes in fair value for
designated items are reported in earnings. We elect the fair value option for
certain hybrid securities given the complexity of bifurcating the economic
components associated with the embedded derivatives. Refer to Note 10 for
additional information related to embedded derivatives. 

 Additionally, we elect the fair value option for certain
alternative investments when such investments are eligible for this election.
We believe this measurement basis is consistent with the applicable accounting
guidance used by the respective investment company funds themselves.  Refer to
Note 5 herein for additional information. 


 


 
  
   
   263 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The
following table presents the gains or losses recorded related to the eligible
instruments for which we elected the fair value option: 

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Gain (Loss) 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Bond and
  equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   616 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,667 
   
  
 
   
      Alternative
  investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  including Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (269) 
   
  
     
   
  
   327 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
   Total gain 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   613 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,140 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,353 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes
certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships. 

 (b) Includes GIAs,
notes, bonds and mortgages payable. 

 Interest
income and dividend income on assets measured under the fair value option are
recognized and included in Net investment income in the Consolidated Statements
of Income with the exception of activity within AIG’s Corporate and Other
category, which is included in Other income. Interest expense on liabilities
measured under the fair value option is reported in Other Income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income.  See Note 5
 herein for additional information about our
policies for recognition, measurement, and disclosure of interest and dividend
income. 

 During  2015, 2014 and  2013 , we recognized losses of $4 million, $32 million
and $54 million, respectively, attributable to the observable effect of
changes in credit spreads on our own liabilities for which the fair value
option was elected.  We calculate the effect of
these credit spread changes using discounted cash flow techniques that
incorporate current market interest rates, our observable credit spreads on
these liabilities and other factors that mitigate the risk of nonperformance
such as cash collateral posted.    

 The
following table presents the difference between fair values and the aggregate
contractual principal amounts of mortgage and other loans receivable and
long-term borrowings for which the fair value option was elected: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value 
   
  
   Principal
  Amount 
   
  
   Difference 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and
  other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term
  debt * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,670 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,675 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   995 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,466 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,101 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,365 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable.    

 There
were no mortgage or other loans receivable for which the fair value option was
elected that were 90 days or more past due or in non-accrual status at
December 31, 2015 or 2014. 

 
 


 
  
   
   264 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS ON A NON-RECURRING BASIS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We measure the fair value of
certain assets on a non-recurring basis, generally quarterly, annually or when
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the
assets may not be recoverable. These assets include cost and equity-method
investments, commercial mortgage loans, investments in life settlements,
investments in real estate and other fixed assets, goodwill and other
intangible assets. See Notes 5 and 6 herein for additional information about
how we test various asset classes for impairment. 

 Information regarding the
estimation of fair value for financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring
basis is discussed below: 

 •    
 Impairments for Other investments primarily relate to certain
investments in affordable housing partnerships, the fair values of which are
determined based on remaining tax credits and other residual benefits due from
the respective partnerships. Residual benefits include consideration of the
fair value of underlying real estate properties, which is determined based on
market-appropriate capitalization rates applied to net operating income of the
properties. Impairments for Other investments also relate to certain
investments in aircraft, the fair values of which are determined based on third
party independent appraisals that use industry specific appraisal standards and
methodologies. 

 •    
 Impairments of Investments in Life Settlements are measured using their
fair values as determined using a discounted cash flow methodology that
incorporates the best available market assumptions for mortality as well as
market yields based on reported transactions.  Effective December 31, 2015, AIG
adopted the Society of Actuaries 2015 Valuation Basic Table (VBT) as the market
mortality assumption used to measure fair value of impaired policies. 

 The following table presents assets measured at fair
value on a non-recurring basis at the time of impairment and the related
impairment charges recorded during the periods presented: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets at Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairment Charges 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-Recurring Basis 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 2  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Level 3  
   
  
     
   
  
    
  Total  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,117 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   189 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   971 
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,074 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   809 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   790 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   790 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,328 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,328 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 FAIR VALUE INFORMATION ABOUT
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Information regarding the estimation of fair value for
financial instruments not carried at fair value (excluding insurance contracts
and lease contracts) is discussed below: 

 •    
 Mortgage and
other loans receivable:   Fair values of loans on commercial real
estate and other loans receivable are estimated for disclosure purposes using
discounted cash flow calculations based on discount rates that we believe
market participants would use in determining the price that they would pay for
such assets. For certain loans, our current incremental lending rates for
similar types of loans are used as the discount rates, because we believe this
rate approximates the rates market participants would use.  Fair values of residential mortgage loans are generally
determined based on market prices, using market based adjustments for credit
and servicing as appropriate.   The fair values of policy loans are
generally estimated based on unpaid principal amount as of each reporting date.
No consideration is given to credit risk because policy loans are effectively
collateralized by the cash surrender value of the policies. 


 


 
  
   
   265 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 4. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 •    
 Other invested assets:   The majority of Other invested assets that are not
measured at fair value represent investments in life settlements. The fair
value of investments in life settlements is determined using a discounted cash
flow methodology that incorporates the best available market assumptions for longevity
as well as market yields based on reported transactions. Due to the
individual life nature of each investment in life settlements and the
illiquidity of the existing market, significant inputs to the fair value are
unobservable.  

 •    
 Cash and
short-term investments:   The carrying
amounts of these assets approximate fair values because of the relatively short
period of time between origination and expected realization, and their limited
exposure to credit risk. 

 •    
 Policyholder
contract deposits associated with investment-type contracts:   Fair values for policyholder contract deposits associated
with investment-type contracts not accounted for at fair value are estimated
using discounted cash flow calculations based on interest rates currently being
offered for similar contracts with maturities consistent with those of the
contracts being valued. When no similar contracts are being offered, the
discount rate is the appropriate swap rate (if available) or current risk-free
interest rate consistent with the currency in which the cash flows are
denominated.  To determine fair value, other factors include current
policyholder account values and related surrender charges and other assumptions
include expectations about policyholder behavior and an appropriate risk
margin. 

 •    
 Other
liabilities:   The majority of Other
liabilities that are financial instruments not measured at fair value represent
secured financing arrangements, including repurchase agreements.  The carrying
amounts of these liabilities approximate fair value, because the financing
arrangements are short-term and are secured by cash or other liquid collateral. 

 •    
 Long-term debt:   Fair values of these obligations were determined by
reference to quoted market prices, when available and appropriate, or
discounted cash flow calculations based upon our current market‑observable
implicit‑credit‑spread rates for similar types of borrowings with
maturities consistent with those remaining for the debt being valued. 

 The following table presents the carrying amounts and
estimated fair values of our financial instruments not measured at fair value
and indicates the level in the fair value hierarchy of the estimated fair value
measurement based on the observability of the inputs used: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Estimated Fair Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level
  3 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   198 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,147 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,345 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,554 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   563 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,880 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,169 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,541 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits
  associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   117,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   117,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   108,788 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,852 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,528 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,680 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   449 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,157 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,606 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,984 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   593 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,352 
   
  
 
   
      Short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,559 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder contract deposits
  associated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         with investment-type contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   244 
   
  
     
   
  
   119,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   119,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,395 
   
  
 
   
      Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,120 
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,751 
   
  
 









 

 

 


 
  
   
   266 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 5. INVESTMENTS 

 


 Fixed Maturity and Equity Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Bonds held to maturity are carried at amortized cost when we
have the ability and positive intent to hold these securities until maturity.
When we do not have the ability or positive intent to hold bonds until
maturity, these securities are classified as available for sale or are measured
at fair value at our election. None of our fixed maturity securities met the
criteria for held to maturity classification at December 31, 2015 or 2014. 

 Fixed maturity and equity securities classified as available
for sale are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses from available
for sale investments in fixed maturity and equity securities are reported as a
separate component of Accumulated other comprehensive income, net of deferred policy
acquisition costs and deferred income taxes, in shareholders’ equity. Realized
and unrealized gains and losses from fixed maturity and equity securities measured
at fair value at our election are reflected in Net investment income (for
insurance subsidiaries) or Other income (for Corporate and Other). Investments
in fixed maturity and equity securities are recorded on a trade-date basis. 

 Premiums and discounts arising from the purchase of bonds
classified as available for sale are treated as yield adjustments over their
estimated holding periods, until maturity, or call date, if applicable. For
investments in certain RMBS, CMBS and CDO/ABS, (collectively, structured
securities), recognized yields are updated based on current information
regarding the timing and amount of expected undiscounted future cash flows. For
high credit quality structured securities, effective yields are recalculated
based on actual payments received and updated prepayment expectations, and the
amortized cost is adjusted to the amount that would have existed had the new
effective yield been applied since acquisition with a corresponding charge or
credit to net investment income. For structured securities that are not high
credit quality, effective yields are recalculated and adjusted prospectively
based on changes in expected undiscounted future cash flows. For purchased
credit impaired (PCI) securities, at acquisition, the difference between the
undiscounted expected future cash flows and the recorded investment in the
securities represents the initial accretable yield, which is to be accreted
into net investment income over the securities’ remaining lives on a level‑yield
basis. Subsequently, effective yields recognized on PCI securities are
recalculated and adjusted prospectively to reflect changes in the contractual
benchmark interest rates on variable rate securities and any significant
increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows arising due to reasons
other than interest rate changes. 


 


 
  
   
   267 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Securities Available for Sale 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the amortized cost or cost
and fair value of our available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other-Than- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost
  or 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   in
  AOCI (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,698 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,844 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,752 
   
  
     
   
  
   805 
   
  
     
   
  
   (362) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   133,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,987) 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,988 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,760 
   
  
     
   
  
   (411) 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,326 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,139 
   
  
     
   
  
   561 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   185 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   (248) 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed
  and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   (788) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,550 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   240,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,250) 
   
  
     
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,482 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   913 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,504 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   447 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,379 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   242,347 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,087 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,274) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   251,160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,482 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,806 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   204 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   966 
   
  
     
   
  
   (151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,095 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   134,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,594 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,122) 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,435 
   
  
     
   
  
   (292) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,767 
   
  
 
   
         CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,129 
   
  
     
   
  
   815 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,885 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
 
   
         CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,775 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
      Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed
  and collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,878 
   
  
     
   
  
   (479) 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,029 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   243,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,819) 
   
  
     
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,080 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   724 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   741 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   245,237 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,890 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,873) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   264,254 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,080 
   
  
 


 (a) Represents
the amount of other-than-temporary impairments recognized in Accumulated other
comprehensive income. Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on impaired
securities relating to changes in the fair value of such securities subsequent
to the impairment measurement date.    

 (b) At December
31, 2015 and 2014, bonds available for sale held by us that were below
investment grade or not rated totaled $34.9 billion and $35.1 billion,
respectively. 

 
 


 
  
   
   268 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Securities Available for Sale in a Loss Position 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes the fair value and gross
unrealized losses on our available for sale securities, aggregated by major
investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in
a continuous unrealized loss position: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Less than 12 Months 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 Months or More 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   484 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions  
   
  
     
   
  
   2,382 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,650 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   832 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,159 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,317 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,514 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,473 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,987 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   278 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   573 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,711 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,926 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,158 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,595 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,250 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   67,217 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,182 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,595 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,812 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,274 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bonds available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   526 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         subdivisions  
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   794 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   450 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   672 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,122 
   
  
 
   
      RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,621 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,617 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
 
   
      CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 
   
      CDO/ABS 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,860 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,717 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
 
   
   Total bonds available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   666 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,278 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,153 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,819 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities available for sale: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   434 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   719 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,344 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46,169 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,873 
   
  
 


 At December 31,
2015, we held 14,972 and 174 individual fixed maturity and equity securities,
respectively, that were in an unrealized loss position, of which 2,176
individual fixed maturity securities were in a continuous unrealized loss
position for 12 months or more. We did not recognize the unrealized losses in
earnings on these fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2015 because we
neither intend to sell the securities nor do we believe that it is more likely
than not that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of
their amortized cost basis. For fixed maturity securities with significant
declines, we performed fundamental credit analyses on a security-by-security
basis, which included consideration of credit enhancements, expected defaults
on underlying collateral, review of relevant industry analyst reports and
forecasts and other available market data. 


 


 
  
   
   269 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Contractual Maturities of Fixed Maturity Securities
Available for Sale 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the amortized cost and
fair value of fixed maturity securities available for sale by contractual
maturity: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Total Fixed Maturity Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fixed Maturity Securities Available  
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
   Available for Sale  
   
  
     
   
  
   for Sale in a Loss Position 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortized
  Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,176 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,103 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,230 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,196 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,847 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,494 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,459 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   22,296 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,686 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,418 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,755 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,895 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,483 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   240,968 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   248,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85,771 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80,521 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due in one year or less 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,821 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   620 
   
  
 
   
   Due after one year through five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,873 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,529 
   
  
 
   
   Due after five years through ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,889 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,338 
   
  
 
   
   Due after ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,168 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,442 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,255 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,607 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,680 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,641 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   243,307 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   259,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   45,735 
   
  
 


 Actual
maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers
have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties. 

 The
following table presents the gross realized gains and gross realized losses
from sales or maturities of our available for sale securities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
   Realized 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
   Gains 
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   517 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   423 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   703 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,634 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   202 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,060 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,577 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   451 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   142 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,764 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   221 
   
  
 


 For the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the aggregate fair value of available for
sale securities sold was $28.7 billion, $25.3 billion and $35.9 billion, which
resulted in net realized capital gains of $1.1 billion, $0.7 billion and $2.5
billion, respectively.  


 


 
  
   
   270 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Other Securities Measured at Fair
Value 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the fair value of other
securities measured at fair value based on our election of the fair value
option: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
    of
  Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. government and government sponsored
  entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,369 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,498 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Obligations of states, municipalities and
  political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,035 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   719 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   RMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,230 
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,094 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CMBS 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CDO/ABS and other collateralized * 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,273 
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,200 
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,253 
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,371 
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,782 
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,712 
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,703 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,761 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 *    Includes $712 million and $859 million
of U.S. Government agency backed ABS at December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

 Other Invested
Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of
other invested assets: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,150 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,656 
   
  
 
   
   Investment real estate (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,579 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,612 
   
  
 
   
   Aircraft asset investments (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in life settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,753 
   
  
 
   
   Investment in AerCap 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,972 
   
  
 
   
   All other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,874 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,794 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,518 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes hedge funds, private
equity funds, affordable housing partnerships, and other investment partnerships.
 

 (b) Net of accumulated depreciation of $668 million and $315
million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 (c)  Consists of investments in aircraft equipment held in consolidated
trusts.  

 Other Invested Assets
Carried at Fair Value 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain hedge funds, private equity funds, affordable
housing partnerships and other investment partnerships for which we have
elected the fair value option are reported at fair value with changes in fair
value recognized in Net investment income with the exception of investments of
AIG’s Corporate and Other category, for which such changes are reported in
Other income.  Other investments in hedge funds, private equity funds,
affordable housing partnerships and other investment partnerships in which our
insurance operations do not hold aggregate interests sufficient to exercise
more than minor influence over the respective partnerships are reported at fair
value with changes in fair value recognized as a component of Accumulated other
comprehensive income. These investments are subject to other-than-temporary
impairment evaluations (see discussion below on evaluating equity investments
for other-than-temporary impairment). The gross unrealized loss recorded in
Other comprehensive income on such investments was $33 million and $56 million
at December 31, 2015 and  
 


 
  
   
   271 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 2014, respectively, the
majority of which pertains to investments in private equity funds and hedge
funds that have been in continuous unrealized loss positions for less than
12 months. 

 Other
Invested Assets – Equity Method Investments  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We account for hedge funds, private equity funds, affordable
housing partnerships and other investment partnerships using the equity method
of accounting unless our interest is so minor that we may have virtually no
influence over partnership operating and financial policies, or we have elected
the fair value option. Under the equity method of accounting, our carrying
amount generally is our share of the net asset value of the funds or the
partnerships, and changes in our share of the net asset values are recorded in
Net investment income with the exception of investments of AIG’s Corporate and
Other category, for which such changes are reported in Other income. In
applying the equity method of accounting, we consistently use the most recently
available financial information provided by the general partner or manager of
each of these investments, which is one to three months prior to the end of our
reporting period. The financial statements of these investees are generally
audited annually.  

 Summarized Financial Information of Equity
Method Investees 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following is the aggregated summarized financial
information of our equity method investees, including those for which the fair
value option has been elected: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Operating results: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,055 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,579 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,181 
   
  
 
   
      Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,898) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,828) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,515) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,157 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,751 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,666 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Balance sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201,007 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   207,994 
   
  
 
   
      Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (33,424) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (67,346) 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the carrying amount and ownership percentage of equity
method investments at December 31, 2015 and 2014: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions, except percentages) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity method investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,259 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 Summarized
financial information for these equity method investees may be presented on a
lag, due to the unavailability of information for the investees at our
respective balance sheet dates, and is included for the periods in which we
held an equity method ownership interest.  

 Other Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Also included in Other invested assets are real estate held
for investment and investments in aircraft equipment held in consolidated
trusts. These investments are reported at cost, less depreciation and are subject
to impairment review, as discussed below. 


 


 
  
   
   272 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Investments in Life Settlements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Investments in life settlements are accounted for under the
investment method. Under the investment method, we recognize our initial
investment in life settlements at the transaction price plus all initial direct
external costs. Continuing costs to keep the policy in force, primarily life
insurance premiums, increase the carrying amount of the investment. We
recognize income on individual investments in life settlements when the insured
dies, at an amount equal to the excess of the investment proceeds over the
carrying amount of the investment at that time. These investments are subject
to impairment review, as discussed below. 

 During
2015, 2014 and 2013, income recognized on investments in life settlements was $332 million,
$407 million and $334 million, respectively, and is included in Net
investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.   

 The following table presents further information
regarding investments in life settlements: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Number
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Carrying 
   
  
   Face
  Value 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
   (Death
  Benefits) 
   
  
 
   
   Remaining Life Expectancy of Insureds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      0 – 1 year 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      1 – 2 years 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
      2 – 3 years 
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
      3 – 4 years 
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   113 
   
  
 
   
      4 – 5 years 
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
 
   
      Thereafter 
   
  
   4,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,233 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
   4,554 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,606 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,868 
   
  
 


 Remaining
life expectancy for year 0-1 references policies whose current life expectancy
is less than 12 months as of the valuation date. Remaining life expectancy
is not an indication of expected maturity. Actual maturity dates in any
category may vary significantly (either earlier or later) from the remaining
life expectancies reported above. 

 At December
31, 2015, management’s best estimate of the life insurance premiums required to
keep the investments in life settlements in force, payable in the 12 months
ending December 31, 2016 and the four succeeding years ending
December 31, 2020 are $530 million, $553 million, $579 million,
$598 million and $607 million, respectively. 

 Net Investment Income 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net investment income represents income primarily from the
following sources: 

 •    
 Interest income and related expenses, including amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts with changes in the timing and the amount of
expected principal and interest cash flows reflected in yield, as applicable. 

 •    
 Dividend income from common and preferred stocks and earnings
distributions from other investments. 

 •      Realized and
unrealized gains and losses from investments in other securities and
investments for which we elected the fair value option. 

 •    
 Earnings from alternative investments. 

 •      The difference
between the carrying amount of an investment in life settlements and the life
insurance proceeds of the underlying life insurance policy recorded in income
upon the death of the insured. 

 
 


 
  
   
   273 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The
following table presents the components of Net investment income: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities, including
  short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,332 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,322 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,044 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
 
   
   Interest on mortgage and other loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,144 
   
  
 
   
   Alternative investments * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,803 
   
  
 
   
   Real estate 
   
  
     
   
  
   181 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
 
   
   Total investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,358 
   
  
 
   
   Investment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   528 
   
  
     
   
  
   517 
   
  
     
   
  
   548 
   
  
 
   
   Net investment income 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
 


 *    Includes hedge funds, private
equity funds, affordable housing partnerships, investments in life settlements
and other investment partnerships. 

 Net Realized Capital Gains
and Losses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Net realized capital gains and losses are determined by
specific identification. The net realized capital gains and losses are
generated primarily from the following sources: 

 •    
 Sales or full redemptions of available for sale fixed maturity
securities, available for sale equity securities, real estate and other
alternative investments. 

 •    
 Reductions to the cost basis of available for sale fixed maturity
securities, available for sale equity securities and certain other invested
assets for other-than-temporary impairments. 

 •    
 Impairments on investments in life settlements. 

 •    
 Changes in fair value of derivatives except for (1) those derivatives at
AIGFP and (2) those instruments that are designated as hedging instruments
when the change in the fair value of the hedged item is not reported in Net
realized capital gains (losses).  

 •    
 Exchange gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions. 

 The
following table presents the components of Net realized capital gains (losses): 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,432 
   
  
 
   
   Sales of equity securities (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,032 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
   Other-than-temporary impairments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Severity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in intent 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (233) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign currency declines 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (57) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Issuer-specific credit events 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (348) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (169) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
 
   
   Adverse projected cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 
   
   Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   598 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative instruments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
 
   
   Impairments on investments in life
  settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (540) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (971) 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
 
   
   Net realized capital gains 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   739 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,939 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes
realized gains on the sale of our equity interests in PICC. 

 (b)  Includes realized gains due to
the sale of Class B shares of Prudential Financial, Inc. and common shares of
Springleaf Holdings, Inc. and realized losses on the sale of ordinary shares of
AerCap. 

 
 


 
  
   
   274 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation
(depreciation) of our available for sale securities and other investments: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Increase (decrease) in unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of investments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9,275) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,809 
   
  
 
   
     Equity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (929) 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
 
   
     Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (803) 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
 
   
   Total increase (decrease) in unrealized
  appreciation (depreciation) of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,007) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,720 
   
  
 


 Evaluating Investments for
Other-Than-Temporary Impairments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Fixed Maturity Securities 

 If we intend to sell a fixed maturity security
or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a fixed maturity
security before recovery of its amortized cost basis and the fair value of the
security is below amortized cost, an other-than-temporary impairment has
occurred and the amortized cost is written down to current fair value, with a
corresponding charge to realized capital losses. When assessing our intent to
sell a fixed maturity security, or whether it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell a fixed maturity security before recovery of its
amortized cost basis, management evaluates relevant facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to, decisions to reposition our investment
portfolio, sales of securities to meet cash flow needs and sales of securities
to take advantage of favorable pricing.  

 For fixed maturity securities for which a
credit impairment has occurred, the amortized cost is written down to the
estimated recoverable value with a corresponding charge to realized capital
losses. The estimated recoverable value is the present value of cash flows
expected to be collected, as determined by management.  The difference between
fair value and amortized cost that is not related to a credit impairment is
presented in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity
securities on which other-than-temporary credit impairments were recognized (a
separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income). 

 When estimating future cash flows for structured fixed
maturity securities (e.g., RMBS, CMBS, CDO, ABS) management considers historical
performance of underlying assets and available market information as well as
bond-specific structural considerations, such as credit enhancement and
priority of payment structure of the security. In addition, the process of
estimating future cash flows includes, but is not limited to, the following
critical inputs, which vary by asset class: 

 •       
 Current delinquency rates; 

 •       
 Expected default rates and the timing of such defaults; 

 •       
 Loss severity and the timing of any recovery; and 

 •       
 Expected prepayment speeds. 

 For corporate, municipal and sovereign fixed maturity
securities determined to be credit impaired, management considers the fair
value as the recoverable value when available information does not indicate
that another value is more relevant or reliable. When management identifies
information that supports a recoverable value other than the fair value, the
determination of a recoverable value considers scenarios specific to the issuer
and the security, and may be based upon estimates of outcomes of corporate restructurings,
political and macroeconomic factors, stability and financial strength of the
issuer, the value of any secondary sources of repayment and the disposition of
assets. 


 


 
  
   
   275 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 We consider severe price declines
in our assessment of potential credit impairments. We may also modify our model
inputs when we determine that price movements in certain sectors are indicative
of factors not captured by the cash flow models.  

 In periods subsequent to the recognition of an
other-than-temporary impairment charge for available for sale fixed maturity
securities that is not foreign exchange related, we prospectively accrete into
earnings the difference between the new amortized cost and the expected
undiscounted recoverable value over the remaining expected holding period of
the security. 

 Credit Impairments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents a rollforward of the
cumulative credit losses in other-than-temporary impairments recognized in
earnings for available for sale fixed maturity securities: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,872 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,164 
   
  
 
   
      Increases due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impairments on new
  securities subject to impairment losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
 
   
         Additional credit impairments on
  previously impaired securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
 
   
      Reductions due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities fully
  disposed for which there was no 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            prior intent or requirement to
  sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   (399) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (613) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (643) 
   
  
 
   
         Credit impaired securities for
  which there is a current intent or 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            anticipated requirement to sell 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
         Accretion on securities previously
  impaired due to credit * 
   
  
     
   
  
   (735) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (774) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,747 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,872 
   
  
 


 *    Represents both accretion
recognized due to changes in cash flows expected to be collected over the
remaining expected term of the credit impaired securities and the accretion due
to the passage of time. 

 Equity
Securities 

 We evaluate our available for sale equity securities for
impairment by considering such securities as candidates for
other-than-temporary impairment if they meet any of the following criteria: 

 •    
 The security has traded at a significant (25 percent or more) discount
to cost for an extended period of time (nine consecutive months or longer); 

 •    
 A discrete credit event has occurred resulting in (i) the issuer
defaulting on a material outstanding obligation; (ii) the issuer seeking
protection from creditors under the bankruptcy laws or any similar laws
intended for court-supervised reorganization of insolvent enterprises; or
(iii) the issuer proposing a voluntary reorganization pursuant to which
creditors are asked to exchange their claims for cash or securities having a
fair value substantially lower than the par value of their claims; or 

 •    
 We have concluded that we may not realize a full recovery on our
investment, regardless of the occurrence of one of the foregoing events. 

 The determination that an equity security is
other-than-temporarily impaired requires the judgment of management and
consideration of the fundamental condition of the issuer, its near-term
prospects and all the relevant facts and circumstances. In addition to the
above criteria, all equity securities that have been in a continuous decline in
value below cost over twelve months are impaired. We also consider
circumstances of a rapid and severe market valuation decline (50 percent or
more) discount to cost, in which we could not reasonably assert that the
impairment period would be temporary (severity losses). 

 Other Invested Assets 

 Our equity and cost method investments in
private equity funds, hedge funds and other entities are evaluated for
impairment similar to the evaluation of equity securities for impairments as
discussed above. Such evaluation considers market conditions,  
 


 
  
   
   276 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 events and volatility that may impact the recoverability
of the underlying investments within these private equity funds and hedge funds
and is based on the nature of the underlying investments and specific inherent
risks. Such risks may evolve based on the nature of the underlying investments. 

 Our investments in life settlements are monitored for
impairment on a contract-by-contract basis quarterly. An investment in life
settlements is considered impaired if the undiscounted cash flows resulting
from the expected proceeds would not be sufficient to recover our estimated
future carrying amount, which is the current carrying amount for the investment
in life settlements plus anticipated undiscounted future premiums and other
capitalizable future costs, if any.  Impaired investments in life settlements
are written down to their estimated fair value which is determined on a
discounted cash flow basis, incorporating current market mortality assumptions
and market yields.  

 In general, fair value estimates for the investments in
life settlements are calculated using cash flows based on medical underwriting
ratings of the policies from a third-party underwriter, applied to an industry mortality
table. Our mortality assumptions are based on an industry table as supplemented
with proprietary data on the older age mortality of U.S. insured lives. Mortality
improvement factors are applied to these assumptions based on our view of
future mortality improvements likely to apply to the U.S. insured lives
population. Our mortality assumptions coupled with the mortality improvement
rates are used in our estimate of future net cash flows from the   investments in life settlements.  

 Our investments in aircraft assets and real estate are
periodically evaluated for recoverability whenever changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of an asset may be impaired. When impairment
indicators are present, we compare expected investment cash flows to carrying
amount. When the expected cash flows are less than the carrying amount, the
investments are written down to fair value with a corresponding charge to
earnings. 

 Purchased Credit Impaired (PCI)
Securities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We purchase certain
RMBS securities that have experienced deterioration in credit quality since
their issuance. We determine, based on our expectations as to the timing and
amount of cash flows expected to be received, whether it is probable at
acquisition that we will not collect all contractually required payments for
these PCI securities, including both principal and interest after considering
the effects of prepayments. At acquisition, the timing and amount of the
undiscounted future cash flows expected to be received on each PCI security is
determined based on our best estimate using key assumptions, such as interest rates,
default rates and prepayment speeds. At acquisition, the difference between the
undiscounted expected future cash flows of the PCI securities and the recorded
investment in the securities represents the initial accretable yield, which is
accreted into Net investment income over their remaining lives on a level-yield
basis. Additionally, the difference between the contractually required payments
on the PCI securities and the undiscounted expected future cash flows
represents the non-accretable difference at acquisition. The accretable yield
and the non-accretable difference will change over time, based on actual
payments received and changes in estimates of undiscounted expected future cash
flows, which are discussed further below.  

 On a quarterly basis, the undiscounted expected future cash flows
associated with PCI securities are re-evaluated based on updates to key
assumptions. Declines in undiscounted expected future cash flows due to further
credit deterioration as well as changes in the expected timing of the cash
flows can result in the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment
charge, as PCI securities are subject to our policy for evaluating investments
for other-than-temporary impairment. Changes to undiscounted expected future
cash flows due solely to the changes in the contractual benchmark interest
rates on variable rate PCI securities will change the accretable yield
prospectively. Significant increases in undiscounted expected future cash flows
for reasons other than interest rate changes are recognized prospectively as
adjustments to the accretable yield.  

 The
following tables present information on our PCI securities, which are included
in bonds available for sale: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   At Date of Acquisition 
   
  
 
   
   Contractually required payments
  (principal and interest) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,191 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows expected to be collected * 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,882 
   
  
 
   
   Recorded investment in acquired
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,955 
   
  
 


 *    Represents
undiscounted expected cash flows, including both principal and interest. 


 


 
  
   
   277 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Outstanding principal balance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,962 
   
  
 
   
   Amortized cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,303 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,216 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,462 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents activity for the accretable yield on PCI securities:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,865 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,940 
   
  
 
   
      Newly purchased PCI securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
 
   
      Disposals 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Accretion 
   
  
     
   
  
   (879) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (880) 
   
  
 
   
      Effect of changes in interest rate
  indices 
   
  
     
   
  
   (251) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (542) 
   
  
 
   
      Net reclassification from (to)
  non-accretable difference, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         including effects of prepayments 
   
  
     
   
  
   428 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,846 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,865 
   
  
 


 Pledged Investments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Secured Financing and Similar
Arrangements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We enter into secured financing transactions whereby certain
securities are sold under agreements to repurchase (repurchase agreements), in
which we transfer securities in exchange for cash, with an agreement by us to
repurchase the same or substantially similar securities. At December 31, 2015,
our secured financing transactions also include those that involve the transfer
of securities to financial institutions in exchange for cash (securities
lending agreements). In all of these secured financing transactions, the
securities transferred by us (pledged collateral) may be sold or repledged by
the counterparties. These agreements are recorded at their contracted amounts
plus accrued interest, other than those that are accounted for at fair value. 

 Pledged
collateral levels are monitored daily and are generally maintained at an
agreed-upon percentage of the fair value of the amounts borrowed during the
life of the transactions. In the event of a decline in the fair value of the
pledged collateral under these secured financing transactions, we may be
required to transfer cash or additional securities as pledged collateral under
these agreements.  At the termination of the transactions, we and our
counterparties are obligated to return the amounts borrowed and the securities
transferred, respectively. 

 The following table presents the fair value of
securities pledged to counterparties under secured financing transactions, including
repurchase and securities lending agreements:    

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturity securities available for
  sale 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,145 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other bond securities, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,740 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,122 
   
  
 


 At December
31, 2015, amounts borrowed under repurchase and securities lending agreements
totaled  $2.9  billion. 

 At December
31, 2015, repurchase agreements with remaining contractual maturities of 91 -
364 days were collateralized by Non-U.S. government securities, at fair value,
of $49    million.  Repurchase
agreements with remaining contractual maturities of up to 30 days, 31 - 90 days
and 91 - 364 days were collateralized by Corporate debt securities, at fair
value, of $33 million, $332 million and $1,326 million, respectively. 
Repurchase agreements with remaining contractual maturities of up to 30 days
were collateralized by Non-U.S. government securities, available for sale, of
$50 million. 


 


 
  
   
   278 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 5. INVESTMENTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 At December 31, 2015, securities lending agreements with
remaining contractual maturities of 31 - 90 days were collateralized by $914
million of Corporate debt securities and $57 million of Non-U.S. government
securities, all classified as available for sale. Securities lending agreements
with remaining contractual maturities of 91 - 364 days were collateralized by
$124 million of RMBS, classified as available for sale. 

 We also enter
into agreements in which securities are purchased by us under agreements to
resell (reverse repurchase agreements), which are accounted for as secured
financing transactions and reported as short-term investments or other assets,
depending on their terms. These agreements  are
recorded at their contracted resale amounts plus accrued interest, other than
those that are accounted for at fair value.  In
all reverse repurchase transactions, we take possession of or obtain a security
interest in the related securities, and we have the right to sell or repledge
this collateral received. 

 The following table presents information on the fair value of securities
pledged to us under reverse repurchase agreements: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
 
   
   Securities collateral pledged to us 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,742 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,506 
   
  
 
   
   Amount sold or repledged by us 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
 


 Insurance – Statutory and Other
Deposits 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Total carrying values of cash and securities deposited by our
insurance subsidiaries under requirements of regulatory authorities or other
insurance-related arrangements, including certain annuity-related obligations
and certain reinsurance treaties, were $4.9 billion and $5.9 billion at December
31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 Other
Pledges and Restrictions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain of our subsidiaries are members of Federal Home Loan
Banks (FHLBs) and such membership requires the members to own stock in these
FHLBs. We owned an aggregate of $47 million and $44 million of stock in FHLBs
at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. In addition, our subsidiaries have
pledged securities available for sale with a fair value of $1.2 billion and $0.5
billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, associated with advances
from the FHLBs. 

 Certain GIAs have provisions that require collateral to be
posted or payments to be made by us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt
ratings. The actual amount of collateral required to be posted to the
counterparties in the event of such downgrades, and the aggregate amount of
payments that we could be required to make, depend on market conditions, the
fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at
and after the time of the downgrade. The fair value of securities pledged as
collateral with respect to these obligations was approximately $2.4 billion and
$3.5 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. This collateral
primarily consists of securities of the U.S. government and government
sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the
counterparties. 

 At December 31, 2015, $439 million of
short-term investments were held in escrow accounts or were otherwise subject
to restriction as to their use.  








 6. LENDING ACTIVITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Mortgage and
other loans receivable include commercial mortgages, residential mortgages,
life insurance policy loans, commercial loans, and other loans and notes
receivable. Commercial mortgages, residential mortgages, commercial loans, and
other loans and notes receivable are carried at unpaid principal balances less
allowance for credit losses and plus or minus adjustments for the accretion or
amortization of discount or premium. Interest income on such loans is accrued
as earned. 

 
 


 
  
   
   279 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. LENDING ACTIVITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Direct
costs of originating commercial mortgages, commercial loans, and other loans
and notes receivable, net of nonrefundable points and fees, are deferred and
included in the carrying amount of the related receivables. The amount deferred
is amortized to income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method.
Premiums and discounts on purchased residential mortgages are also amortized to
income as an adjustment to earnings using the interest method. 

 Life insurance policy loans are carried at unpaid principal
balances. There is no allowance for policy loans because these loans serve to
reduce the death benefit paid when the death claim is made and the balances are
effectively collateralized by the cash surrender value of the policy. 

 The
following table presents the composition of Mortgage and other loans
receivable, net: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial mortgages * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,067 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,909 
   
  
 
   
   Residential mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
 
   
   Life insurance policy loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,710 
   
  
 
   
   Commercial loans, other loans and notes
  receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,451 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,635 
   
  
 
   
   Total mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,873 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,261 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for credit losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (271) 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,565 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,990 
   
  
 


 *    Commercial
mortgages primarily represent loans for offices, retail and apartments, with
exposures in New York and California representing the largest geographic
concentrations (aggregating approximately 22 percent and 12 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2015, and 18 percent and 14 percent,
respectively, at December 31, 2014).  

   

 Nonperforming
loans are generally those loans where payment of contractual principal or
interest is more than 90 days past due.  Nonperforming mortgages were not
significant for all periods presented. 

 The
following table presents the credit quality indicators for commercial mortgages :  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Class 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Apartments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Offices 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retail 
   
  
   Industrial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hotel 
   
  
     
   
  
   Others 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total (c) 
   
  
   Total
  $ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good
  standing 
   
  
   830 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,916 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,484 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,809 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,902 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,082 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,435 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,628 
   
  
   98 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or
  less delinquent 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days
  delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process
  of foreclosure 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   849 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,919 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,845 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,838 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,914 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,098 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,453 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,067 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance for
  credit losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total allowance
  for credit losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   171 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Credit Quality Indicator: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      In good
  standing 
   
  
   1,007 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,384 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,100 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,807 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,812 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,452 
   
  
   98 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Restructured (a) 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      90 days or
  less delinquent 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      >90 days
  delinquent or in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         process
  of foreclosure 
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total (b) 
   
  
   1,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,384 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,824 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,689 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,677 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,817 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,909 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   280 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. LENDING ACTIVITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Allowance for credit losses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Specific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   General 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total allowance
  for credit losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   86 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a) Loans that have been modified in
troubled debt restructurings and are performing according to their restructured
terms. See discussion of troubled debt restructurings below. 

 (b) Does not reflect allowance for credit losses. 

 (c)  Approximately 99 percent of the commercial mortgages held
at such respective dates were current as to payments of principal and interest.
 

 Methodology Used to
Estimate the Allowance for Credit Losses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Mortgage and other loans receivable are considered impaired
when collection of all amounts due under contractual terms is not probable. Impairment
is measured using either i) the present value of expected future cash flows
discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, ii) the loan’s observable
market price, if available, or iii) the fair value of the collateral if the
loan is collateral dependent.  Impairment of commercial mortgages is typically
determined using the fair value of collateral while impairment of other loans
is typically determined using the present value of cash flows or the loan’s
observable market price.  An allowance is typically established for the
difference between the impaired value of the loan and its current carrying
amount. Additional allowance amounts are established for incurred but not
specifically identified impairments, based on statistical models primarily
driven by past due status, debt service coverage, loan-to-value ratio, property
type and location, loan term, profile of the borrower and of the major property
tenants, and loan seasoning.  When all or a portion of a loan is deemed
uncollectible, the uncollectible portion of the carrying amount of the loan is
charged off against the allowance.  

 Interest income is not accrued when payment of contractual
principal and interest is not expected.  Any cash received on impaired loans is
generally recorded as a reduction of the current carrying amount of the loan. 
Accrual of interest income is generally resumed when delinquent contractual
principal and interest is repaid or when a portion of the delinquent
contractual payments are made and the ongoing required contractual payments
have been made for an appropriate period. 

 A significant majority of commercial mortgages in the
portfolio are non-recourse loans and, accordingly, the only guarantees are for
specific items that are exceptions to the non-recourse provisions. It is
therefore extremely rare for us to have cause to enforce the provisions of a
guarantee on a commercial real estate or mortgage loan. 

 The
following table presents a rollforward of the changes in the allowance for
credit losses on Mortgage and other loans receivable: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   201 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   159 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   405 
   
  
 
   
      Loans charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
 
   
      Recoveries of loans previously 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         charged off 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
         Net charge-offs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
 
   
      Provision for loan losses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   Allowance, end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    171  * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    159
   * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
    201
   * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
 


 *    Of the total allowance at the end
of the year, $24 million and $55 million relates to individually
assessed credit losses on $507 million and $192 million of commercial
mortgages as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 Troubled Debt
Restructurings 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We modify loans to optimize their returns and improve their collectability,
among other things. When we undertake such a modification with a borrower that
is experiencing financial difficulty and the modification involves us granting
a concession to  
 


 
  
   
   281 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 6. LENDING ACTIVITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 the troubled debtor, the modification
is a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). We assess whether a borrower is
experiencing financial difficulty based on a variety of factors, including the
borrower’s current default on any of its outstanding debt, the probability of a
default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification,
the insufficiency of the borrower’s forecasted cash flows to service any of its
outstanding debt (including both principal and interest), and the borrower’s
inability to access alternative third-party financing at an interest rate that
would be reflective of current market conditions for a non-troubled debtor.
Concessions granted may include extended maturity dates, interest rate changes,
principal or interest forgiveness, payment deferrals and easing of loan
covenants. 

 During 2015 and 2014, loans with a carrying value of $36
million and $218 million were modified in TDRs, respectively. 








 7. REINSURANCE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In the ordinary course of business, our insurance companies
may use both treaty and facultative reinsurance to minimize their net loss
exposure to any single catastrophic loss event or to an accumulation of losses
from a number of smaller events or to provide greater diversification of our
businesses. In addition, our general insurance subsidiaries assume reinsurance
from other insurance companies. We determine the portion of the incurred but
not reported (IBNR) loss that will be recoverable under our reinsurance
contracts by reference to the terms of the reinsurance protection purchased.
This determination is necessarily based on the estimate of IBNR and
accordingly, is subject to the same uncertainties as the estimate of IBNR.
Reinsurance assets include the balances due from reinsurance and insurance
companies under the terms of our reinsurance agreements for paid and unpaid
losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, ceded unearned premiums and ceded
future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts and
benefits paid and unpaid. Amounts related to paid and unpaid losses and
benefits and loss expenses with respect to these reinsurance agreements are
substantially collateralized. We remain liable to the extent that our
reinsurers do not meet their obligation under the reinsurance contracts, and as
such, we regularly evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers and
monitor concentration of our credit risk. The estimation of the allowance for
doubtful accounts requires judgment for which key inputs typically include
historical trends regarding uncollectible balances, disputes and credit events
as well as specific reviews of balances in dispute or subject to credit
impairment. The allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance assets was $272 million
and $258 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Changes
in the allowance for doubtful accounts on reinsurance assets are reflected in
Policyholder benefits and losses incurred within the Consolidated Statements of
Income. 

 The
following table provides supplemental information for loss and benefit
reserves, gross and net of ceded reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   At December 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  of 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reported 
   
  
   Reinsurance 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses (a) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (74,942) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (60,603) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (77,260) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (61,612) 
   
  
 
   
   Future policy benefits for life and
  accident and health insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43,585) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,506) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,749) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (41,767) 
   
  
 
   
   Reserve for unearned premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,278) 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,356 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,676 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) In 2015 and 2014, the Net of
Reinsurance amount reflects the cession under the June 17, 2011 transaction
with National Indemnity Company (NICO) of $1.8 billion and $1.5 billion,
respectively. 

 (b) Represents gross reinsurance assets, excluding allowances
and reinsurance recoverable on paid losses. 

 Short-Duration Reinsurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Short-duration reinsurance is effected under reinsurance
treaties and by negotiation on individual risks. Certain of these reinsurance
arrangements consist of excess of loss contracts that protect us against losses
above stipulated amounts. Ceded premiums are considered prepaid reinsurance
premiums and are recognized as a reduction of premiums earned over the contract
period in proportion to the protection received. Amounts recoverable from
reinsurers on short-duration contracts are estimated in a manner consistent
with the claims liabilities associated with the reinsurance and presented as a
component of Reinsurance assets. Assumed reinsurance premiums are earned
primarily on a pro-rata basis over the terms of the  
 


 
  
   
   282 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 7. REINSURANCE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 reinsurance
contracts and the portion of premiums relating to the unexpired terms of
coverage is included in the reserve for unearned premiums. For both ceded and
assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met for reinsurance
accounting to apply. If risk transfer requirements are not met, the contract is
accounted for as a deposit, resulting in the recognition of cash flows under
the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or
expense. To meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must
include both insurance risk, consisting of both underwriting and timing risk,
and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity.
Similar risk transfer criteria are used to determine whether directly written
insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or as a deposit. 

 The
following table presents short-duration insurance premiums written and earned: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums written: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,698 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,833 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,306 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,604) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,514) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,625 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums earned: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Direct 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,105 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,707 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,018 
   
  
 
   
      Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,516 
   
  
 
   
      Ceded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,593) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,585) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,825 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,949 
   
  
 


 For the
years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, reinsurance recoveries, which
reduced losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, amounted to $4.1 billion,
$2.6 billion and $3.3 billion, respectively. 

 Long-Duration Reinsurance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Long-duration reinsurance is effected principally under
yearly renewable term treaties. The premiums with respect to these treaties are
earned over the contract period in proportion to the protection provided.
Amounts recoverable from reinsurers on long-duration contracts are estimated in
a manner consistent with the assumptions used for the underlying policy
benefits and are presented as a component of Reinsurance assets. 

 The
following table presents premiums for our long-duration insurance and
retirement services operations:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   Run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Gross premiums 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,234 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,155 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,240 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,070 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,164 
   
  
 
   
   Ceded premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (620) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (661) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (620) 
   
  
 
   
   Net 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,478 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,398 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,484 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,409 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,544 
   
  
 


 Long-duration
reinsurance recoveries, which reduced Policyholder benefits and losses
incurred, were approximately $1.0 billion, $731 million and $714
million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.  

 The
following table presents long-duration insurance in-force ceded to other
insurance companies: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 * 
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force ceded 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180,178 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122,012 
   
  
 


 *    Excludes amounts related to
held-for-sale entities.  

 
 


 
  
   
   283 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 7. REINSURANCE 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Long-duration insurance in-force assumed represented 0.04 percent
of gross long-duration insurance in-force at December 31, 2015, 0.04
percent at December 31, 2014 and 0.05 percent at December 31, 2013, and premiums
assumed by the Life Insurance Companies represented 0.1 percent, 0.5 percent
and 0.3 percent of gross premiums for the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013, respectively. 

 The U.S. Life Insurance Companies utilize internal and
third-party reinsurance relationships to manage insurance risks and to
facilitate capital management strategies, which allows them to minimize the use
of letters of credit and utilize capital more efficiently. Pools of
highly-rated third-party reinsurers are utilized to manage net amounts at risk
in excess of retention limits. 

 The U.S. Life Insurance Companies manage the capital impact
on their statutory reserve requirements under the NAIC Model Regulation
“Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) and NAIC Actuarial
Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX) through intercompany reinsurance transactions. 
Under GAAP, these intercompany reinsurance transactions are eliminated in
consolidation.  Under one arrangement, one of the U.S. Life Insurance Companies
obtains letters of credit to support statutory recognition of the ceded
reinsurance.  As of December 31, 2015, the U.S. Life Insurance Companies had
two bilateral letters of credit totaling $450 million with AIG entities, which
were issued on February 7, 2014 and expire on February 7, 2019, but will be
automatically extended without amendment by one year on each anniversary of the
issuance date, unless the issuer provides notice of non-renewal. See Note 18
for additional information on the use of affiliated reinsurance for Regulation
XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves. 

 Reinsurance Security 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our third-party reinsurance arrangements do not relieve us
from our direct obligations to our beneficiaries. Thus, a credit exposure
exists with respect to both short-duration and long-duration reinsurance ceded
to the extent that any reinsurer fails to meet the obligations assumed under
any reinsurance agreement. We hold substantial collateral as security under
related reinsurance agreements in the form of funds, securities, and/or letters
of credit. A provision has been recorded for estimated unrecoverable
reinsurance.  We believe that no exposure to a single reinsurer represents an
inappropriate concentration of credit risk to AIG.  Gross reinsurance assets
with our three largest reinsurers aggregate to approximately $6.5 billion and
$6.2 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of which
approximately $3.7 billion and $3.3 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, was not secured by collateral. 








 8. DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Deferred policy
acquisition costs (DAC) represent those costs that are incremental and directly
related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance
contracts.  We defer incremental costs that result directly from, and are
essential to, the acquisition or renewal of an insurance contract.  Such
deferred policy acquisition costs generally include agent or broker commissions
and bonuses, premium taxes, and medical and inspection fees that would not have
been incurred if the insurance contract had not been acquired or renewed. Each
cost is analyzed to assess whether it is fully deferrable.  We partially defer
costs, including certain commissions, when we do not believe that the entire
cost is directly related to the acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts. 

 We also defer a portion of employee total compensation and
payroll-related fringe benefits directly related to time spent performing
specific acquisition or renewal activities, including costs associated with the
time spent on underwriting, policy issuance and processing, and sales force
contract selling. The amounts deferred are derived based on successful efforts
for each distribution channel and/or cost center from which the cost
originates. 

 Short-duration
insurance contracts:   Policy acquisition costs are deferred and
amortized over the period in which the related premiums written are earned,
generally 12 months. DAC is grouped consistent with the manner in which the
insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and measured for profitability and
is reviewed for recoverability based on the profitability of the underlying
insurance contracts. Investment income is anticipated in assessing the
recoverability of DAC. We assess the recoverability of DAC on an annual basis
or more frequently if circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred.
This assessment is performed by comparing recorded net unearned premiums and
anticipated investment income on in-force  
 


 
  
   
   284 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 8. DEFERRED POLICY
ACQUISITION COSTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 business to
the sum of expected losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, unamortized
DAC and maintenance costs. If the sum of these costs exceeds the amount of
recorded net unearned premiums and anticipated investment income, the excess is
recognized as an offset against the asset established for DAC. This offset is
referred to as a premium deficiency charge. Increases in expected losses and
loss adjustment expenses incurred can have a significant impact on the likelihood
and amount of a premium deficiency charge. 

 Long-duration
insurance contracts:     Policy
acquisition costs for participating life, traditional life and accident and
health insurance products are generally deferred and amortized, with interest,
over the premium paying period. The assumptions used to calculate the benefit
liabilities and DAC for these traditional products are set when a policy is
issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss
recognition event occurs. These “locked-in” assumptions include mortality, morbidity,
persistency, maintenance expenses and investment returns, and include margins
for adverse deviation to reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might
deviate from these assumptions.  A loss recognition event occurs when there is
a shortfall between the carrying amount of future policy benefit liabilities,
net of DAC, and what the future policy benefit liabilities, net of DAC, would
be when applying updated current assumptions.  When we determine a loss
recognition event has occurred, we first reduce any DAC related to that block
of business through amortization of acquisition expense, and after DAC is
depleted, we record additional liabilities through a charge to Policyholder
benefits and losses incurred.  Groupings for loss recognition testing are
consistent with our manner of acquiring, servicing and measuring the
profitability of the business and applied by product groupings.  We perform
separate loss recognition tests for traditional life products, payout annuities
and long-term care products.  Once loss recognition has been recorded for a
block of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set
used for the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle. 

 Investment-oriented
contracts:   Policy acquisition
costs and policy issuance costs related to universal life and investment-type
products (collectively, investment-oriented products) are deferred and
amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of estimated gross
profits to be realized over the estimated lives of the contracts. Estimated
gross profits include net investment income and spreads, net realized
investment gains and losses, fees, surrender charges, expenses, and mortality
gains and losses. In each reporting period, current period amortization expense
is adjusted to reflect actual gross profits. If estimated gross profits change
significantly, DAC is recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting
adjustment is included in income. If the new assumptions indicate that future
estimated gross profits are higher than previously estimated, DAC will be
increased resulting in a decrease in amortization expense and increase in
income in the current period; if future estimated gross profits are lower than
previously estimated, DAC will be decreased resulting in an increase in
amortization expense and decrease in income in the current period. Updating
such assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products
and deceleration of amortization in other products. DAC is grouped consistent
with the manner in which the insurance contracts are acquired, serviced and
measured for profitability and is reviewed for recoverability based on the
current and projected future profitability of the underlying insurance
contracts. 

 To estimate future estimated gross profits for variable
annuity products, a long-term annual asset growth assumption is applied to
determine the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees.  In
determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the
equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a “reversion to the
mean” methodology whereby short-term asset growth above or below long-term
annual rate assumptions impact the growth assumption applied to the five-year
period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean
methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also
giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance.  When
actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth
assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions in the five-year reversion to the
mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap)
for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or “unlock” the
growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean
period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent
periods.   

 Shadow DAC and Shadow Loss
Recognition:   DAC related to investment-oriented products is also
adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity
and equity securities available for sale on estimated gross profits, with
related changes recognized through Other comprehensive income (shadow DAC). The
adjustment is made at each balance sheet date, as if the securities had been
sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at
current yields.  Similarly, for long-duration traditional insurance contracts,
if the assets supporting the liabilities maintain a temporary net unrealized
gain position at the balance sheet date, loss recognition testing assumptions
are updated to exclude such gains from future cash flows by reflecting the impact
of reinvestment rates on future yields.  If a future loss is anticipated under
this basis, any additional shortfall indicated by loss recognition tests is
recognized as a reduction in accumulated other  
 


 
  
   
   285 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 8. DEFERRED POLICY
ACQUISITION COSTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 comprehensive
income (shadow loss recognition).  Similar to other loss recognition on
long-duration insurance contracts, such shortfall is first reflected as a
reduction in DAC and secondly as an increase in liabilities for future policy
benefits.  The change in these adjustments, net of tax, is included with the
change in net unrealized appreciation of investments that is credited or
charged directly to Other comprehensive income. 

 Internal Replacements of
Long-duration and Investment-oriented Products:   For some
products, policyholders can elect to modify product benefits, features, rights
or coverages by exchanging a contract for a new contract or by amendment,
endorsement, or rider to a contract, or by the election of a feature or
coverage within a contract. These transactions are known as internal replacements.
  If the modification does not substantially change the contract, we
do not change the accounting and amortization of existing DAC and related
actuarial balances.  If an internal replacement represents a substantial
change, the original contract is considered to be extinguished and any related
DAC or other policy balances are charged or credited to income, and any new
deferrable costs associated with the replacement contract are deferred. 

 Value of Business Acquired (VOBA) is determined at the time
of acquisition and is reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets with DAC.
This value is based on the present value of future pre-tax profits discounted
at yields applicable at the time of purchase. For participating life, traditional
life and accident and health insurance products, VOBA is amortized over the
life of the business in a manner similar to that for DAC based on the
assumptions at purchase. For investment-oriented products, VOBA is amortized in
relation to estimated gross profits and adjusted for the effect of unrealized
gains or losses on fixed maturity and equity securities available for sale in a
manner similar to DAC. 

 The
following table presents a rollforward of DAC and VOBA: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,551 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,342 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,805 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,803 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,599) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,481) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (144) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (171) 
   
  
 
   
      Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,631 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,551 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,493 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,815 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisition costs deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,034 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (916) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (727) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (674) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in net unrealized gains
  (losses) on securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   848 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
 
   
      Decrease due to foreign exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,467 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,258 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,920 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidation and eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred policy acquisition costs * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,827 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,436 
   
  
 
   
   Supplemental Information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      VOBA amortization expense included in
  Life Insurance Companies DAC amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
      VOBA, end of year included in Life
  Insurance Companies DAC balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
   510 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
 


 *    Net of
reductions in DAC of $583 million, $1.4 billion, and $1.1 billion for Life
Insurance Companies at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, related
to the effect of net unrealized gains and losses on available for sale
securities (shadow DAC). 

 The
percentage of the unamortized balance of VOBA at December 31, 2015 expected to
be amortized in 2016 through 2020 by year is: 8.4 percent, 7.6 percent,
7.1 percent, 6.9 percent and 6.5 percent, respectively, with
63.5 percent being amortized after five years. These projections are based
on current estimates for investment income and spreads, persistency, mortality
and morbidity assumptions. 

 DAC, VOBA and
SIA for insurance‑oriented and investment‑oriented products are
reviewed for recoverability, which involves estimating the future profitability
of current business. This review involves significant management judgment. If
actual future  
 


 
  
   
   286 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 8. DEFERRED POLICY
ACQUISITION COSTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 profitability is substantially lower than
estimated, AIG’s DAC, VOBA and SIA may be subject to an impairment charge and
AIG’s results of operations could be significantly affected in future periods. 



 
  



 9. VARIABLE INTEREST
ENTITIES  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 A variable interest entity (VIE) is a legal entity that does
not have sufficient equity at risk to finance its activities without additional
subordinated financial support or is structured such that equity investors lack
the ability to make significant decisions relating to the entity’s operations
through voting rights or do not substantively participate in the gains and
losses of the entity. Consolidation of a VIE by its primary beneficiary is not
based on majority voting interest, but is based on other criteria discussed
below. 

 We enter into various arrangements with VIEs in the normal
course of business and consolidate the VIEs when we determine we are the
primary beneficiary. This analysis includes a review of the VIE’s capital
structure, related contractual relationships and terms, nature of the VIE’s
operations and purpose, nature of the VIE’s interests issued and our
involvement with the entity. When assessing the need to consolidate a VIE, we
evaluate the design of the VIE as well as the related risks the entity was
designed to expose the variable interest holders to. 

 For VIEs with attributes consistent with that of an
investment company or a money market fund, the primary beneficiary is the party
or group of related parties that absorbs a majority of the expected losses of
the VIE, receives the majority of the expected residual returns of the VIE, or
both. 

 For all other VIEs, the primary beneficiary is the entity
that has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most
significantly affect the entity’s economic performance and (2) the
obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could be
potentially significant to the VIE.  While also considering these factors,
the consolidation conclusion depends on the breadth of our decision-making
ability and our ability to influence activities that significantly affect the
economic performance of the VIE. 

 Balance Sheet Classification and Exposure to Loss 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the total assets and total
liabilities associated with our variable interests in consolidated VIEs, as
classified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Real Estate and Investment Entities (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Securitization Vehicles 
   
  
     
   
  
   Structured Investment  
   Vehicle 
   
  
     
   
  
   Affordable Housing Partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Bonds available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,309 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,324 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   387 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,167 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,093 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,608 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,598 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   293 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets (b)(e)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   519 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,851 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   481 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,901 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   354 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,106 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,513 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,597 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   556 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities (e)  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,261 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,727 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,153 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   287 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 9. VARIABLE INTEREST
ENTITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   December
  31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     Bonds available for sale  
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,459 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,494 
   
  
 
   
      Other bond securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,906 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage and other loans receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,560 
   
  
 
   
      Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,941 
   
  
 
   
      Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447 
   
  
     
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,752 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets (b) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   617 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   23,206 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   755 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,733 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26,653 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Long-term debt 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,370 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   199 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,697 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   101 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   300 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,143 
   
  
 


 (a) Comprised
primarily of Short-term investments, Premiums and other receivables or Other
assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

 (b) The assets of
each VIE can be used only to settle specific obligations of that VIE. 

 (c)  Comprised
primarily of Other liabilities and Derivative liabilities, at fair value, at
both December 31, 2015 and 2014. 

 (d) At December 31,
2015 and 2014, off-balance sheet exposure primarily consisting of commitments
to real estate and investment entities was $131.2 million and $56.4 million,
respectively. 

 (e) Includes the
effect of consolidating previously unconsolidated partnerships. 

 We
calculate our maximum exposure to loss to be (i) the amount invested in
the debt or equity of the VIE, (ii) the notional amount of VIE assets or
liabilities where we have also provided credit protection to the VIE with the
VIE as the referenced obligation, and (iii) other commitments and
guarantees to the VIE. Interest holders in VIEs sponsored by us generally have
recourse only to the assets and cash flows of the VIEs and do not have recourse
to us, except in limited circumstances when we have provided a guarantee to the
VIE’s interest holders. 

 The
following table presents total assets of unconsolidated VIEs in which we hold a
variable interest, as well as our maximum exposure to loss associated with
these VIEs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maximum Exposure to Loss 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  VIE 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   On-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Off-Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sheet 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,470 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,255 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   774 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   774 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,110 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,215 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,061 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,459 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Real estate and investment entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,949 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,785 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   454 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,239 
   
  
 
   
      Affordable housing partnerships 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,911 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   425 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   425 
   
  
 
   
      Other (c)  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,959 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
   992 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,296 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,819 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,514 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,446 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,960 
   
  
 


 (a)  At December 31, 2015
and 2014,  $3.8 billion and
$3.2 billion, respectively, of our total unconsolidated VIE assets were
recorded as Other invested assets. 

 (b) These
amounts represent our estimate of the maximum exposure to loss under certain
insurance policies issued to VIEs if a hypothetical loss occurred to the extent
of the full amount of the insured value.  Our insurance policies cover defined
risks and our estimate of liability is included in our insurance reserves on
the balance sheet. 

 (c)  The
On-Balance and Off-Balance sheet amounts have been revised from $32 million and
$0 to $304 million and $992 million, respectively, to correct the Maximum
Exposure to Loss as of December 31, 2014, which are not considered material to
previously issued financial statements. 

 Real Estate and Investment Entities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Through our insurance operations and AIG Global Real Estate,
we are an investor in various real estate investment entities, some of which
are VIEs. These investments are typically with unaffiliated third-party
developers via a partnership or limited liability company structure. The VIEs’
activities consist of the development or redevelopment of commercial, industrial
and  
 


 
  
   
   288 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 9. VARIABLE INTEREST
ENTITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 residential real estate. Our involvement varies
from being a passive equity investor or finance provider to actively managing
the activities of the VIEs. 

 Our insurance operations participate as passive investors in
the equity issued by certain third-party-managed hedge and private equity funds
that are VIEs. Our insurance operations typically are not involved in the
design or establishment of these VIEs, nor do they actively participate in the
management of the VIEs. 

 Securitization Vehicles 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We created certain VIEs that hold investments, primarily in
investment-grade debt securities and loans, and issued beneficial interests in
these investments.  The majority of these beneficial interests are owned by our
insurance operations and we maintain the power to direct the activities of the
VIEs that most significantly impact their economic performance and bear the
obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the entities that could
potentially be significant to the entities.  Accordingly, we consolidate these
entities and those beneficial interests issued to third-parties are reported as
Long-term debt. 

 Structured Investment Vehicle 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We sponsor Nightingale Finance Ltd., a structured investment
vehicle (SIV), which is a VIE.  Nightingale Finance Ltd. primarily invests in
variable rate, investment-grade debt securities, the majority of which are ABS.
We have no equity interest in the SIV, but we maintain the power to direct the
activities of the SIV that most significantly impact the entity’s economic
performance and bear the obligation to absorb economic losses that could
potentially be significant to the SIV. We are the primary beneficiary and
consolidate the SIV. 

 Affordable Housing Partnerships 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 SunAmerica Affordable Housing Partners, Inc. (SAAHP)
organized and invested in limited partnerships that develop and operate
affordable housing qualifying for federal, state, and historic tax credits, in
addition to a few market rate properties across the United States. The operating
partnerships are VIEs, whose debt is generally non-recourse in nature, and the general
partners of which are mostly unaffiliated third-party developers. We account
for our investments in operating partnerships using the equity method of
accounting, unless they are required to be consolidated. We consolidate an
operating partnership if the general partner is an affiliated entity or we otherwise
have the power to direct activities that most significantly impact the
entities’ economic performance. The pre-tax income of SAAHP is reported as a
component of the Consumer Insurance segment. 

 RMBS, CMBS, Other ABS and CDOs 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Primarily through our insurance operations, we are a passive
investor in RMBS, CMBS, other ABS and CDOs, the majority of which are issued by
domestic special purpose entities. We generally do not sponsor or transfer
assets to, or act as the servicer to these asset-backed structures, and were
not involved in the design of these entities. 

 Our maximum exposure in these types of structures is limited
to our investment in securities issued by these entities. Based on the nature
of our investments and our passive involvement in these types of structures, we
have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of these entities. We
have not included these entities in the above tables; however, the fair values
of our investments in these structures are reported in Notes 4 and 5
herein. 









 


 
  
   
   289 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 10. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 10. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We
use derivatives and other financial instruments as part of our financial risk
management programs and as part of our investment operations. Interest rate
derivatives (such as interest rate swaps) are used to manage interest rate risk
associated with embedded derivatives contained in insurance contract
liabilities, fixed maturity securities, outstanding medium‑ and long‑term
notes as well as other interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities. Foreign
exchange derivatives (principally foreign exchange swaps and forwards) are used
to economically mitigate risk associated with non‑U.S. dollar denominated
debt, net capital exposures, and foreign currency transactions. Equity
derivatives are used to mitigate financial risk embedded in certain insurance
liabilities. The derivatives are effective economic hedges of the exposures
that they are meant to offset. In addition to hedging activities, we also enter
into derivative instruments as a part of our investment operations, which may
include, among other things, CDSs and purchases of investments with embedded
derivatives, such as equity‑linked notes and convertible bonds. 

 Interest rate, currency, equity and commodity swaps, credit
contracts, swaptions, options and forward transactions are accounted for as
derivatives, recorded on a trade-date basis and carried at fair value.
Unrealized gains and losses are reflected in income, when appropriate.
Aggregate asset or liability positions are netted on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets only to the extent permitted by qualifying master netting arrangements
in place with each respective counterparty. Cash collateral posted with
counterparties in conjunction with transactions supported by qualifying master
netting arrangements is reported as a reduction of the corresponding net
derivative liability, while cash collateral received in conjunction with
transactions supported by qualifying master netting arrangements is reported as
a reduction of the corresponding net derivative asset. 

 Effective July 1, 2015, we reclassified derivatives,
with the exception of embedded derivatives, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
from Derivative assets, at fair value and Derivative liabilities, at fair value
to Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively. This change had no effect
on the measurement of these derivatives, which continue to be measured at fair
value. Embedded derivatives continue to be generally presented with the host
contract in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. A bifurcated embedded derivative
is measured at fair value and accounted for in the same manner as a free
standing derivative contract. The corresponding host contract is accounted for
according to the accounting guidance applicable for that instrument. See
Notes 4 and 13 herein for additional information on embedded derivatives. 

 The
following table presents the notional amounts of our derivatives and the fair
value of derivative assets and liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross Derivative Liabilities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notional 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives designated as  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      hedging instruments: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   301 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   725 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   914 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
 
   
   Derivatives not designated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      as hedging instruments: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,846 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,161 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,197 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,743 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   45,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,131 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,900 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   815 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,251 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   177 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
      Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts (b)  
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   508 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,155 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives, gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   102,768 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,131 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   82,913 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123,250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64,429 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,804 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   290 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 10. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Counterparty
  netting (d)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,102) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash collateral (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (760) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,119) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
 
   
   Total derivatives on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   consolidated balance sheets (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,020 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,604 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
 


 (a) Fair
value amounts are shown before the effects of counterparty netting adjustments
and offsetting cash collateral. 

 (b ) As of  December 31, 2015  and  2014, included super
senior multi-sector CDOs with a net notional amount of $1.1 billion and $2.6
billion (fair value liability of $483 million and $947 million), respectively.
The expected weighted average maturity as of December 31, 2015 is six years.
Because of long-term maturities of the CDSs in the portfolio, we are unable to
make reasonable estimates of the periods during which any payments would be
made. However, the net notional amount represents the maximum exposure to loss
on the portfolio. As of December 31, 2015, there were no super senior corporate
debt/CLOs remaining. As of December 31, 2014, included super senior corporate
debt/CLOs with a net notional amount of $2.5 billion (fair value liability of
$7 million). 

 (c)  Consists
primarily of stable value wraps and contracts with multiple underlying
exposures. 

 (d) Represents
netting of derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting
agreement. 

 (e) Represents
cash collateral posted and received that is eligible for netting. 

 (f)  Freestanding
derivatives only, excludes Embedded derivatives. Derivative instrument assets
and liabilities are recorded in Other Assets and Liabilities, respectively. 
Fair value of assets related to bifurcated Embedded derivatives was zero at
both December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. Fair value of liabilities related
to bifurcated Embedded derivatives was $2.3 billion and $1.6 billion,
respectively, at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014. A bifurcated Embedded
derivative is generally presented with the host contract in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Embedded derivatives are primarily related to guarantee
features in variable annuity products, which include equity and interest rate
components.     

 Collateral 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We engage in derivative transactions that are not subject to
a clearing requirement directly with unaffiliated third parties, in most cases,
under International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master
Agreements. Many of the ISDA Master Agreements also include Credit Support
Annex (CSA) provisions, which provide for collateral postings that may vary at
various ratings and threshold levels. We attempt to reduce our risk with
certain counterparties by entering into agreements that enable collateral to be
obtained from a counterparty on an upfront or contingent basis. We minimize the
risk that counterparties might be unable to fulfill their contractual
obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and collateral value and
generally requiring additional collateral to be posted upon the occurrence of
certain events or circumstances. In addition, certain derivative transactions
have provisions that require collateral to be posted upon a downgrade of our
long‑term debt ratings or give the counterparty the right to terminate
the transaction. In the case of some of the derivative transactions, upon a
downgrade of our long‑term debt ratings, as an alternative to posting
collateral and subject to certain conditions, we may assign the transaction to
an obligor with higher debt ratings or arrange for a substitute guarantee of
our obligations by an obligor with higher debt ratings or take other similar
action. The actual amount of collateral required to be posted to counterparties
in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we
could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of
outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the
time of the downgrade. 

 Collateral posted by us to third parties for derivative
transactions was $3.0 billion and $3.3 billion at December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. In the case of collateral posted under derivative
transactions that are not subject to clearing, this collateral can generally be
repledged or resold by the counterparties. Collateral provided to us from third
parties for derivative transactions was $1.6 billion and $1.3 billion at December
31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We generally can repledge or resell
collateral. 

 Offsetting 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We have elected to present all derivative receivables and
derivative payables, and the related cash collateral received and paid, on a
net basis on our Consolidated Balance Sheets when a legally enforceable ISDA
Master Agreement exists between us and our derivative counterparty. An ISDA
Master Agreement is an agreement governing multiple derivative transactions
between two counterparties. The ISDA Master Agreement generally provides for
the net settlement of all, or a specified group, of these derivative transactions,
as well as transferred collateral, through a single payment, and in a single
currency, as applicable. The net settlement provisions apply in the event of a
default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event
affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions governed by the
ISDA Master Agreement. 


 


 
  
   
   291 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 10. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Hedge Accounting 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We designated certain derivatives entered into with third
parties as fair value hedges of available for sale investment securities held
by our insurance subsidiaries. The fair value hedges include foreign currency
forwards and cross currency swaps designated as hedges of the change in fair
value of foreign currency denominated available for sale securities
attributable to changes in foreign exchange rates. We also designated certain
interest rate swaps entered into with third parties as fair value hedges of
fixed rate GICs attributable to changes in benchmark interest rates. 

 We use foreign currency denominated debt and cross-currency
swaps as hedging instruments in net investment hedge relationships to mitigate
the foreign exchange risk associated with our non-U.S. dollar functional
currency foreign subsidiaries. For net investment hedge relationships where
issued debt is used as a hedging instrument, we assess the hedge effectiveness
and measure the amount of ineffectiveness based on changes in spot rates. For
net investment hedge relationships that use derivatives as hedging instruments,
we assess hedge effectiveness and measure hedge ineffectiveness using changes
in forward rates. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 we
recognized gains of $90 million and $156 million and a loss of $38
million, respectively, included in Change in foreign currency translation
adjustment in Other comprehensive income related to the net investment hedge
relationships. 

 A qualitative methodology is utilized to assess hedge
effectiveness for net investment hedges, while regression analysis is employed
for all other hedges. 

 The following table presents the gain (loss) recognized
in earnings on our derivative instruments in fair value hedging relationships
in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Gains/(Losses) Recognized in Earnings for: 
   
  
     
   
  
   Including Gains/(Losses) Attributable to: 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Hedging 
   
  
   Hedged 
   
  
     
   
  
   Hedge 
   
  
   Excluded 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Derivatives (a) 
   
  
   Items 
   
  
     
   
  
   Ineffectiveness 
   
  
   Components 
   
  
   Other (b) 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   202 
   
  
     
   
  
   (167) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   292 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 10. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Gain/(Loss) on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Equity contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Year ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest rate contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Interest credited to policyholder 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   account balances 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange contracts: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Realized capital gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 (a) The
amounts presented do not include the periodic net coupon settlements of the
derivative contract or the coupon income (expense) related to the hedged item. 

 (b) Represents
accretion/amortization of opening fair value of the hedged item at inception of
hedge relationship, amortization of basis adjustment on hedged item following
the discontinuation of hedge accounting, and the release of debt basis
adjustment following the repurchase of issued debt that was part of
previously-discontinued fair value hedge relationship. 

 Derivatives Not Designated as
Hedging Instruments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents the effect of derivative
instruments not designated as hedging instruments in the Consolidated
Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Gains (Losses) 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Recognized in Earnings 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   By Derivative Type: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest rate contracts 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   851 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (259) 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
 
   
      Equity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (182) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (274) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (507) 
   
  
 
   
      Commodity contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
      Credit contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   186 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   567 
   
  
 
   
      Other contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
 
   
      Embedded derivatives 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   (841) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   876 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   499 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
 
   
   By Classification: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Policy fees 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   78 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net investment income 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   365 
   
  
     
   
  
   (219) 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   599 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
 
   
      Policyholder benefits and claims
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   876 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   499 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,022 
   
  
 


    

 Credit Risk-Related
Contingent Features 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The aggregate fair value of our derivative instruments that
contain credit risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability
position at December 31, 2015 and 2014, was approximately $2.0 billion and $2.5
billion, respectively. The aggregate fair value of assets posted as collateral
under these contracts at December 31, 2015 and 2014, was $2.1 billion and $2.7
billion, respectively. 


 


 
  
   
   293 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 10. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE
ACCOUNTING 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 We estimate that at December 31,
2015, based on our outstanding financial derivative transactions, a one-notch
downgrade of our long-term senior debt ratings to BBB+ by Standard &
Poor’s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill
Companies, Inc. (S&P), would permit counterparties to make additional
collateral calls and permit certain counterparties to elect early termination
of contracts, resulting in a negligible amount of corresponding collateral
postings and termination payments; a one-notch downgrade to Baa2 by Moody’s
Investors’ Service, Inc. (Moody’s) and an additional one-notch downgrade
to BBB by S&P would result in approximately $44 million in additional
collateral postings and termination payments, and a further one-notch downgrade
to Baa3 by Moody’s and BBB– by S&P would result in approximately $95 million
in additional collateral postings and termination payments.  

 Additional collateral postings upon downgrade are estimated
based on the factors in the individual collateral posting provisions of the CSA
with each counterparty and current exposure as of December 31, 2015. Factors
considered in estimating the termination payments upon downgrade include
current market conditions, the complexity of the derivative transactions,
historical termination experience and other observable market events such as
bankruptcy and downgrade events that have occurred at other companies. Our
estimates are also based on the assumption that counterparties will terminate
based on their net exposure to us. The actual termination payments could
significantly differ from our estimates given market conditions at the time of
downgrade and the level of uncertainty in estimating both the number of
counterparties who may elect to exercise their right to terminate and the
payment that may be triggered in connection with any such exercise. 

 Hybrid Securities with Embedded Credit Derivatives 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We invest in hybrid securities (such as credit‑linked
notes) with the intent of generating income, and not specifically to acquire
exposure to embedded derivative risk. As is the case with our other investments
in RMBS, CMBS, CDOs and ABS, our investments in these hybrid securities are
exposed to losses only up to the amount of our initial investment in the hybrid
security. Other than our initial investment in the hybrid securities, we have
no further obligation to make payments on the embedded credit derivatives in
the related hybrid securities. 

 We elect to account for our investments in these hybrid
securities with embedded written credit derivatives at fair value, with changes
in fair value recognized in Net investment income and Other income. Our
investments in these hybrid securities are reported as Other bond securities in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair values of these hybrid securities
were $5.7 billion and $6.1 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. These securities have par amounts of $11.2 billion and $12.3
billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and have remaining stated
maturity dates that extend to 2055. 








 11. GOODWILL 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Goodwill   represents the future economic benefits arising from assets
acquired in a business combination that are not  individually identified
and separately recognized. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more
frequently if circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred.  We
assess goodwill for impairment at one level below our reportable segments.  At December
31, 2015, our principal reporting units with goodwill are Commercial Insurance
- Property Casualty, Consumer Insurance - Personal Insurance, and Consumer
Insurance - Life. When a business is transferred from one reporting unit to
another, as occurred with the transfer of a portion of the Consumer Insurance -
Personal Insurance to Consumer Insurance – Life, as part of the 2014 segment
changes, goodwill at the original reporting unit is allocated among reporting
units based on the fair value of business transferred, relative to business
retained by a reporting unit.  

 The impairment assessment involves an option to first
assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances exist
that lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair
value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the qualitative
assessment is not performed, or after assessing the totality of the events or
circumstances, we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a
reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment assessment
involves a two-step process in which a quantitative assessment for potential
impairment is performed.  

 If the qualitative test is not performed or if the test
indicates a potential impairment is present, we estimate the fair value of each
reporting unit and compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of
the reporting unit, including allocated  
 


 
  
   
   294 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 11. GOODWILL 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 goodwill. The
estimate of a reporting unit’s fair value involves management judgment and is
based on one or a combination of approaches including discounted expected
future cash flows, market‑based earnings multiples of the unit’s peer
companies, external appraisals or, in the case of reporting units being
considered for sale, third‑party indications of fair value, if available.
We consider one or more of these estimates when determining the fair value of a
reporting unit to be used in the impairment test. 

 If the estimated fair value of a reporting
unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying
value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, goodwill associated
with that reporting unit potentially is impaired.  The amount of impairment, if
any, is measured as the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over the
implied fair value of the goodwill. The implied fair value of the goodwill is
measured as the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts
that would be assigned to the reporting unit’s assets and liabilities in a
hypothetical business combination.  An impairment charge is recognized in
earnings to the extent of the excess of carrying value over fair value.   

 Goodwill was not impaired at December 31, 2015
based on the results of the goodwill impairment test. 

 The following table presents the changes in goodwill by
reportable segment: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Commercial 
   
  
   Consumer 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at January 1, 2013: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,444 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,502 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,946 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,469 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2013: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,952 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,184 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,475 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2014: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,401 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,931 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,454 
   
  
 
   
      Increase (decrease) due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
 
   
         Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December 31, 2015: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Goodwill - gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,447 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,090 
   
  
 
   
      Accumulated impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,266) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,211) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,477) 
   
  
 
   
      Net goodwill 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,181 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   402 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
 









 12. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Liability for Unpaid Losses
and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses
represents the accumulation of estimates of unpaid claims, including estimates
for claims incurred but not reported and claim adjustments expenses, less
applicable discount for future investment income. We continually review and
update the methods used to determine loss reserve estimates and to establish
the resulting reserves. Any adjustments resulting from this review are
reflected currently in pre-tax income. Because these  
 


 
  
   
   295 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 12. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 estimates
are subject to the outcome of future events, changes in estimates are common
given that loss trends vary and time is often required for changes in trends to
be recognized and confirmed. Reserve changes that increase previous estimates
of ultimate cost are referred to as unfavorable or adverse development or
reserve strengthening. Reserve changes that decrease previous estimates of
ultimate cost are referred to as favorable development. 

 Our
gross loss reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual
deductible recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately $12.6 billion
and $12.4 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These
recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with high deductibles (in
excess of high dollar amounts retained by the insured through self-insured
retentions or deductibles each referred to generically as “deductibles”),
primarily for U.S. commercial casualty business. With respect to the deductible
portion of the claim, the Non-life Insurance Companies manage and pay the
entire claim on behalf of the insured and are reimbursed by the insured for the
deductible portion of the claim.  At December 31, 2015 and 2014, we held
collateral of approximately $9.6 billion and $9.4 billion,
respectively, for these deductible recoverable amounts, consisting primarily of
letters of credit and trust agreements. 

 The following table presents the reconciliation of
activity in the Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,547 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87,991 
   
  
 
   
   Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,648) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,231) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,209) 
   
  
 
   
   Net liability for unpaid losses and loss
  adjustment expenses, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,782 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,429) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,061) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (617) 
   
  
 
   
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
 
   
   Changes in net loss reserves due to
  retroactive asbestos reinsurance transaction 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   141 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,108 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses
  incurred: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,171 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, excluding discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,119 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   557 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years, discount charge (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (71) 
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   (309) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,460 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,419 
   
  
 
   
   Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid * : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,751 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,358 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,431 
   
  
 
   
      Prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,205 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,886 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,780 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,211 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net liability for unpaid losses and
  loss adjustment expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,316 
   
  
 
   
      Reinsurance recoverable 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,231 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   74,942 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,260 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   81,547 
   
  
 


 * Includes
amounts related to dispositions through the date of disposition.  

 The net adverse
development includes loss-sensitive business, for which we recognized (return)
additional premiums on loss sensitive business of $(49) million, $105 million
and $89 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014and 2013,
respectively. 

 Each quarter, we conduct a series of actuarial reviews to
reassess the reasonableness of our carried reserves. These reviews are
conducted for each class of business, and consist of hundreds of individual
analyses. We consider data and information arising since the prior review and
adjust, as appropriate, the methods and assumptions used in the latest
actuarial reviews. Our analyses produce a range of indications from various
methods, from which we select our best estimate. 

 For 2015, the adverse development of prior year losses is
primarily a result of the following: 

 ·         
 Excess Casualty – U.S. & Canada experienced $1.5 billion of
adverse development largely driven by worse than expected loss emergence
reported in 2015, reflecting worsening trends in the number and nature of high
severity losses in both  
 


 
  
   
   296 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 12. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 general liability and
umbrella auto liability, primarily for U.S. risks.  We reacted to the adverse
emergence by updating our assumptions about loss severity, loss development
patterns, and expected loss ratios for the most recent accident years.  

 ·         
 Primary Casualty – U.S. & Canada experienced $1.1 billion of
adverse development. $540 million related to workers’ compensation policies
with risk sharing features to reflect estimated increased losses and reduced
expectations of future recoveries from our insureds through these risk-sharing
features. Risk-sharing features, include high deductibles, self-insured
retentions or retrospective rating features.  We also experienced adverse
development of $146 million in primary general liability due to adverse
emergence of claims in the construction sector; $144 million in primary auto
liability due to observed increases in both the frequency and severity of
claims; $100 million for future claim handling expenses related to existing
loss reserves, and $100 million in workers’ compensation for coverages sold to
government contractors in U.S. and non U.S. military installations as a result
of adverse loss emergence in recent accident years. 

 ·         
 Financial Lines – U.S. & Canada experienced $579 million of
adverse development related to development of several reported claims above
expectations, in D&O and professional liability principally related to
accident years 2006 through 2010. 

 ·         
 Run-off insurance lines experienced $727 million of adverse
development largely driven by $281 million in asbestos and environmental for
accident years 1986 & prior and $272 million of other run-off. Reasons for
this development are as follows: 

 ·         
 Asbestos coverage has been excluded from AIG policies commencing
in 1985. Most of AIG’s asbestos reserves are ceded to National Indemnity
Company (NICO) under a retrospective reinsurance arrangement entered into in
2011. However, certain asbestos-related exposures are not subject to the NICO
agreement, including asbestos exposures for which we have negotiated fixed
payment schedules, and third party reinsurance assumed policies. The reported
claim activity on the assumed claims has increased in the last year. As a
result, we modified certain of our loss-reserve-related assumptions to better
reflect this AIG-specific experience as well as consideration of recent
industry-wide trends regarding expanding coverage theories for liability. As a
result, we increased our 2015 reserves by $164 million and by $117 million for
Asbestos and Environmental, respectively. 

 ·         
 Run-off lines experienced $272 million of adverse development
based on updated assumptions about future loss development.  

 In 2014, the increase in prior years’ loss reserves of $703
million included $550 million, $124 million, $182 million, $109 million, and
$(102) million related to Primary Casualty – U.S. & Canada, Asbestos and
environmental (1986 and prior), Financial Lines – International, Healthcare,
and Natural Catastrophes – U.S. & Canada, respectively. 

 In 2013, the increase in prior years’ loss reserves of $557
million includes $498 million, $238 million, $(144) million, and $(54) million
related to Primary Casualty – U.S. & Canada, Asbestos and environmental
(1986 and prior), Excess Casualty – U.S. & Canada, and Healthcare,
respectively. 

 Asbestos and Environmental Run-off Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, our net liability for unpaid
loss and loss adjustment expenses included $722 million and $573 million,
respectively, for asbestos and environmental-related claims (net of
reinsurance, including retroactive reinsurance).   We
cede the bulk of AIG Property Casualty’s net domestic asbestos liabilities
under a 2011 retroactive reinsurance agreement with National Indemnity Company
(NICO) with an aggregate limit of $3.5 billion. Reinsurance recoverables
related to this agreement are $1.8 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Under retroactive reinsurance
accounting, contractual gains are deferred and amortized into income over the
settlement period of the underlying reinsured claims.  During 2015, 2014
and 2013, we recognized approximately $233 million, $0 and $72 million,
respectively, of additional recoveries under the NICO agreement for which the
income statement benefit was deferred. The expense related to this increase in
the deferred gain liability is reported in Other income/expense and is
therefore excluded from net losses incurred. 


 


 
  
   
   297 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 12. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Reserves for asbestos and
environmental claims cannot be estimated using conventional reserving
techniques such as those that rely on historical accident year loss development
factors. The methods used to determine asbestos and environmental loss
estimates and to establish the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and
updated by management. 

 Various factors contribute to the complexity and difficulty
in determining the future development of claims such as court resolutions and
judicial interpretations which broaden the intent of the policies and scope of
coverage.   

 We primarily base our
determination of these reserves on a combination of ground-up and top-down
analyses of historical claims and available insurance coverages.   We
consider a number of factors and recent experience, in addition to the results
of both external and internal analyses, to estimate asbestos and environmental
loss reserves.  

 Discounting of Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2015, the liability for unpaid losses and
loss adjustment expenses reflects a net loss reserve discount of $3.1 billion,
including tabular and non-tabular calculations based upon the following
assumptions:  

 ·         
 Certain asbestos business that was written by Non-Life Insurance
Companies is discounted, when allowed by the regulator and when payments are
fixed and determinable, based on the investment yields of the companies and the
payout pattern for this business. 

 ·         
 The tabular workers’ compensation discount is calculated based on
a 3.5 percent interest rate and the mortality table used in the 2007 U.S. Life
Table.  

 ·         
 The non-tabular workers’ compensation discount is calculated
separately for companies domiciled in New York and Pennsylvania, and follows
the statutory regulations (prescribed or permitted) for each state.  For New
York companies, the discount is based on a five percent interest rate and the companies’
own payout patterns.  

 ·         
 Our Delaware and Pennsylvania regulators approved use of a
consistent discount rate (U.S. Treasury rate plus a liquidity premium) to all
of our workers’ compensation reserves in companies domiciled in those states,
as well as our use of updated payout patterns specific to our primary and excess
workers compensation portfolios.   

 ·         
 In the fourth quarter of 2015, our Pennsylvania and Delaware
regulators approved an updated discount rate that we applied to our workers’
compensation loss reserves for the legal entities domiciled in those states.  

 The discount consists of the following: $853  million of
tabular discount for workers’ compensation, $2.3 billion of non-tabular
discount for workers’ compensation in the domestic operations; and $7  million —
non‑tabular discount for asbestos . 

 Future Policy Benefits  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Future policy benefits primarily include reserves for
traditional life and annuity payout contracts, which represent an estimate of
the present value of future benefits less the present value of future net
premiums. Included in Future policy benefits are liabilities for annuities
issued in structured settlement arrangements whereby a claimant has agreed to
settle a general insurance claim in exchange for fixed payments over a fixed
determinable period of time with a life contingency feature.  

 Future policy benefits also include certain guaranteed
benefits of variable annuity products that are not considered embedded
derivatives, primarily guaranteed minimum death benefits.  See Note 13 for
additional information on guaranteed minimum death benefits.  

 The liability for long-duration future policy benefits has
been established including assumptions for interest rates which vary by year of
issuance and product, and range from approximately 3 percent to 14 percent. Mortality
and surrender rate assumptions are generally based on actual experience when
the liability is established. 

 
 


 
  
   
   298 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 12. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Policyholder
Contract Deposits  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The liability for Policyholder contract deposits is primarily
recorded at accumulated value (deposits received and net transfers from
separate accounts, plus accrued interest credited at rates ranging from 0.2
percent to 9.0 percent at December 31, 2015, less withdrawals and assessed
fees). Deposits collected on investment-oriented products are not reflected as
revenues, because they are recorded directly to Policyholder contract deposits
upon receipt.  Amounts assessed against the contract holders for mortality,
administrative, and other services are included in revenues.  

 In addition to liabilities for universal life, fixed
annuities, fixed options within variable annuities, annuities without life
contingencies, funding agreements and GICs, policyholder contract deposits also
include our liability for (a) certain guaranteed benefits and indexed
features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value, (b) annuities
issued in a structured settlement arrangement with no life contingency and (c) certain
contracts we have elected to account for at fair value.  See Note 13 herein for
additional information on guaranteed benefits accounted for as embedded
derivatives. 

 For universal life policies with secondary guarantees, we
recognize certain liabilities in addition to policyholder account balances. 
For universal life policies with secondary guarantees, as well as other universal
life policies for which profits followed by losses are expected at contract
inception, a liability is recognized based on a benefit ratio of (a) the
present value of total expected payments, in excess of the account value, over
the life of the contract, divided by (b) the present value of total expected
assessments over the life of the contract.  For universal life policies without
secondary guarantees, for which profits followed by losses are first expected
after contract inception, we establish a liability, in addition to policyholder
account balances, so that expected future losses are recognized in proportion
to the emergence of profits in the earlier (profitable) years.  Universal life
account balances as well as these additional liabilities related to universal
life products are reported within policyholder contract deposits in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

 Under a funding agreement-backed notes issuance
program, an unaffiliated, non-consolidated statutory trust issues medium-term
notes to investors, which are secured by GICs issued to the trust by one of our
Life Insurance Companies through our Institutional Markets operating segment. 

 The following table presents Policyholder contract
deposits of the U.S. Life Insurance Companies by product line: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Policyholder contract deposits: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Fixed Annuities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52,397 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53,370 
   
  
 
   
   Group Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,693 
   
  
 
   
   Life 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,717 
   
  
 
   
   Retirement Income Solutions 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,040 
   
  
 
   
   Institutional Markets 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,793 
   
  
 
   
   Total Policyholder contract deposits 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   127,588 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   124,613 
   
  
 


 Other Policyholder Funds 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Other policyholder funds  include unearned
revenue reserves (URR). URR consist of front-end loads on investment-oriented
contracts, representing those policy loads that are non-level and typically
higher in initial policy years than in later policy years. URR for investment-oriented
contracts are generally deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to
the incidence of estimated gross profits (EGPs) to be realized over the
estimated lives of the contracts and are subject to the same adjustments due to
changes in the assumptions underlying EGPs as DAC.  Amortization of URR is
recorded in Policy fees.  

 Other policyholder funds also include provisions for future
dividends to participating policyholders, accrued in accordance with all
applicable regulatory or contractual provisions. Participating life business
represented approximately 2.2 percent of gross insurance in force at December
31, 2015 and 2.4 percent of gross domestic premiums and other
considerations in 2015. The amount of annual dividends to be paid is approved
locally by the boards of directors of the Life Insurance Companies.  
 


 
  
   
   299 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 12. INSURANCE LIABILITIES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Provisions for future dividend payments are computed by
jurisdiction, reflecting local regulations. The portions of current and prior
net income and of current unrealized appreciation of investments that can inure
to our benefit are restricted in some cases by the insurance contracts and by
the local insurance regulations of the jurisdictions in which the policies are
in force. 

 Certain products are subject to experience adjustments.
These include group life and group medical products, credit life contracts,
accident and health insurance contracts/riders attached to life policies and,
to a limited extent, reinsurance agreements with other direct insurers. Ultimate
premiums from these contracts are estimated and recognized as revenue with the
unearned portions of the premiums recorded as liabilities in Other policyholder
funds. Experience adjustments vary according to the type of contract and the
territory in which the policy is in force and are subject to local regulatory
guidance. 








 13. VARIABLE LIFE AND ANNUITY
CONTRACTS  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We report
variable contracts within the separate accounts when investment income and
investment gains and losses accrue directly to, and investment risk is borne
by, the contract holder and the separate account meets additional accounting
criteria to qualify for separate account treatment. The assets supporting the
variable portion of variable annuity and variable universal life contracts that
qualify for separate account treatment are carried at fair value and reported
as Separate account assets, with an equivalent summary total reported as Separate
account liabilities.  

 Policy values for variable products and investment
contracts are expressed in terms of investment units. Each unit is linked to an
asset portfolio. The value of a unit increases or decreases based on the value
of the linked asset portfolio. The current liability at any time is the sum of
the current unit value of all investment units in the separate accounts, plus
any liabilities for guaranteed minimum death benefits or guaranteed minimum
withdrawal benefits included in Future policy benefits or Policyholder contract
deposits, respectively. 

 Amounts assessed against the contract holders for
mortality, administrative and other services are included in revenue. Net
investment income, net investment gains and losses, changes in fair value of
assets, and policyholder account deposits and withdrawals related to separate
accounts are excluded from the Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive
Income (Loss) and Cash Flows.  

 Variable annuity contracts
may include certain contractually guaranteed benefits to the contract holder.
These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) that
are payable in the event of death, and living benefits that are payable in the
event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified dates during the
accumulation period. Living benefits include guaranteed minimum income benefits
(GMIB), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and guaranteed minimum
accumulation benefits (GMAB).  A variable annuity contract may include more
than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both a
GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can only receive payout from one
guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a living
benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive, so the exposure to the
guaranteed amount for each feature is independent of the exposure from other
features (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to potentially collect both
a GMDB upon their spouse’s death and a GMWB during their lifetime). A
policyholder cannot purchase more than one living benefit on one
contract.  The net amount at risk for each feature is calculated
irrespective of the existence of other features; as a result, the net amount at
risk for each feature is not additive to that of other features. 

 Account balances of variable
annuity contracts with guarantees were invested in separate account investment
options as follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Equity funds 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,284 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   40,811 
   
  
 
   
   Bond funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,566 
   
  
 
   
   Balanced funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,849 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,354 
   
  
 
   
   Money market funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   826 
   
  
     
   
  
   797 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72,220 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71,528 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   300 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 13. VARIABLE LIFE AND
ANNUITY CONTRACTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 GMDB
and GMIB  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Depending on the contract, the GMDB feature may provide a
death benefit of either (a) total deposits made to the contract less any
partial withdrawals plus a minimum return (and in rare instances, no minimum
return) or (b) the highest contract value attained, typically on any
anniversary date minus any subsequent withdrawals following the contract
anniversary. GMIB guarantees a minimum level of periodic income payments upon
annuitization.  GMDB is our most widely offered benefit. Our account values
subject to guarantees also include GMIB to a lesser extent, which is no longer
offered. 

 The liabilities for GMDB and GMIB,
which are recorded in Future policy benefits, represent the expected value of
benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized
ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments,
through Policyholder benefits and losses incurred.  The net amount at risk for
GMDB represents the amount of benefits in excess of account value if death
claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date. 

 The
following table presents details concerning our GMDB exposures, by benefit type : 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Deposits 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plus a Minimum 
   
  
     
   
  
   Highest
  Contract 
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in billions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Return 
   
  
     
   
  
   Value
  Attained 
   
  
 
   
   Account value 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   87 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   85 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
   Net amount at risk 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Average attained age of contract holders
  by product 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
   Range of guaranteed minimum return rates 
   
  
     
   
  
   0-4.5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0%-5% 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 The
following summarizes GMDB and GMIB liabilities related to variable annuity
contracts, excluding assumed reinsurance: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   420 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   394 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   413 
   
  
 
   
      Reserve increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   127 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   491 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   420 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   394 
   
  
 


 Assumptions used
to determine the GMDB and GMIB liability include interest rates, which vary by
year of issuance and products; mortality rates, which are based upon actual
experience modified to allow for variations in policy form; lapse rates, which
are based upon actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy
form; investment returns, using assumptions from a randomly generated
model; and asset growth assumptions, which include a reversion to the mean
methodology, similar to that applied for DAC.   

 We regularly evaluate estimates used to determine the GMDB
liability and adjust the additional liability balance, with a related charge or
credit to Policyholder benefits and losses incurred, if actual experience or
other evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised. 

 GMWB and GMAB  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain of our variable
annuity contracts contain optional GMWB benefits and, to a lesser extent, GMAB
benefits, which are not currently offered. With a GMWB, the contract holder can
monetize the excess of the guaranteed amount over the account value of the
contract only through a series of withdrawals that do not exceed a specific
percentage per year of the guaranteed amount. If, after the series of
withdrawals, the account value is exhausted, the contract holder will receive a
series of annuity payments equal to the remaining guaranteed amount, and, for
lifetime GMWB products, the annuity payments continue as long as the covered
person(s) is living. With a GMAB benefit, the contract holder can monetize the
excess of the guaranteed amount over the account value of the contract,
provided the contract holder persists until the maturity date. 


 


 
  
   
   301 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 13. VARIABLE LIFE AND
ANNUITY CONTRACTS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The liabilities for GMWB and GMAB,
which are recorded in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as
embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of
the liabilities recorded in Other net realized capital gains (losses). The fair
value of these embedded derivatives was a net liability of $1.2 billion and
$957 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. See Note 4 for
discussion of the fair value measurement of guaranteed benefits that are
accounted for as embedded derivatives.  We had account values subject to GMWB
and GMAB that totaled $38 billion and $35 billion at December 31, 2015 and
2014, respectively. The net amount at risk for GMWB represents the present
value of minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments, in accordance with contract
terms, in excess of account value, assuming no lapses. The net amount at risk
for GMAB represents the present value of minimum guaranteed account value in
excess of the current account balance, assuming no lapses. In aggregate, the
net amount at risk related to the GMWB and GMAB guarantees was $640 million and
$414 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. We use derivative
instruments and other financial instruments to mitigate a portion of our
exposure that arises from GMWB and GMAB benefits.   








 14. DEBT  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our long-term
debt is denominated in various currencies, with both fixed and variable
interest rates. Long-term debt is carried at the principal amount borrowed, including
unamortized discounts, hedge accounting valuation adjustments and fair value
adjustments, when applicable. The interest rates presented in the following
table reflect the range of contractual rates in effect at December 31, 2015,
including fixed and variable rate issuances. 

 The following table
lists our total debt outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014. The interest
rates presented in the following table are the range of contractual rates in
effect at December 31, 2015, including fixed and variable-rates: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
   Range
  of 
   
  
   Maturity 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December
  31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Interest
  Rate(s) 
   
  
   Date(s) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   2.30%
  - 8.13% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  - 2097 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,136 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,570 
   
  
 
   
      Subordinated debt 
   
  
   2.38% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
 
   
      Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   4.88%
  - 8.63% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2037
  - 2058 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,466 
   
  
 
   
      AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
   0.44%
  - 1.25% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  - 2019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
   6.63%
  - 7.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2025
  - 2029 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
      AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
   7.57%
  - 8.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2030
  - 2046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,285 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,106 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      MIP notes payable 
   
  
   2.28%
  - 8.59% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  - 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
 
   
      Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
   0.16%
  - 7.50% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017
  - 2047 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
 
   
      GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
   0.02%
  - 7.62% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  - 2047 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   3,276 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   4,648 
   
  
 
   
      Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
   0.12%
  - 10.37% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  - 2047 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,076 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,370 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,361 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27,476 
   
  
 
   
   Debt not guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      mortgages payable 
   
  
   0.06% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
        
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
 
   
   Debt of consolidated investments (b) 
   
  
   0.00%
  - 6.6% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016
  - 2062 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,987 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,683 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt not guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,989 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,741 
   
  
 
   
   Total long term debt    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   29,350 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
 


 (a)  AIG Parent guarantees all such debt, except for MIP notes
payable and Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable, which are direct
obligations of AIG Parent.  Collateral posted to third parties was  $2.4 billion and $3.5 billion at  December 31, 2015  and  December 31, 2014 ,
respectively .  This
collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S. government and
government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by
the counterparties. 

 (b) At
December 31, 2015, includes debt of consolidated investment vehicles
related to real estate investments of $2.4 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments and securitizations of $2.2 million, and other
securitization vehicles and investments of $359 million, respectively. At
December 31, 2014, includes debt of consolidated investment vehicles
related to real estate investments of $2.1 billion, affordable housing
partnership investments and securitizations of $853 million, and other
securitization vehicles and investments of $728 million, respectively. 

 
 


 
  
   
   302 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 14. DEBT 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table presents maturities of
long-term debt  (including unamortized original
issue discount, hedge accounting valuation adjustments and fair value
adjustments, when applicable) , excluding $5 billion
in borrowings of debt of consolidated investments: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year Ending 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   Thereafter 
   
  
 
   
   Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   992 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,106 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   999 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,502 
   
  
 
   
   Subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
 
   
   AIGLH junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG general borrowings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   992 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,106 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,545 
   
  
 
   
   AIG borrowings supported by assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   781 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
   GIAs, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,276 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   176 
   
  
     
   
  
   464 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,315 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   627 
   
  
     
   
  
   977 
   
  
     
   
  
   933 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,408 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,619 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,953 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   and mortgages payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,363 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,619 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,171 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,039 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,195 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,386 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,953 
   
  
 


 Uncollateralized
and collateralized notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable consisted of the
following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Uncollateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes/Bonds/Loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Loans
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Mortgages
  Payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   AIG general borrowings 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
   Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans
  and mortgages payable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   108 
   
  
 


 *    AIG does not guarantee any of these borrowings. 

 Junior Subordinated Debt  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In August 2012, we entered into new replacement capital
covenants (the New RCCs) for the initial benefit of the holders of our 2.375%
Subordinated Notes due 2015 (the Subordinated Notes), in connection with our
5.75% Series A-2 Junior Subordinated Debentures and our 4.875% Series A-3
Junior Subordinated Debentures.  We covenanted in each New RCC that, subject to
certain exceptions, we would not repay, redeem or purchase, and that none of our
subsidiaries would purchase, the applicable series of junior subordinated debentures
prior to the scheduled termination date of that New RCC, unless since the date
360 days prior to the date of that repayment, redemption or purchase, we have
received a specified amount of net cash proceeds from the sale of common stock
or certain other qualifying securities that have certain characteristics that
are at least as equity-like as the applicable characteristics of the applicable
series of junior subordinated debentures, or we or our subsidiaries have issued
a specified amount of common stock in connection with the conversion or
exchange of certain convertible or exchangeable securities. In the first
quarter of 2013, our obligations under the New RCCs were effectively terminated
because one of the termination provisions set forth in the New RCCs was
triggered when it was determined that neither series of junior subordinated
debentures received equity credit any longer for rating agency purposes. 

 In 2015, we repurchased approximately $588 million
aggregate principal amount of our 8.175% Series A-6 Junior Subordinated
Debentures. 

 
 


 
  
   
   303 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 14. DEBT 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 AIGLH
Junior Subordinated Debentures (Formerly, Liabilities Connected To Trust
Preferred Stock)  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In connection with our acquisition of AIG Life Holdings,
Inc. (AIGLH) in 2001, we entered into arrangements with AIGLH with respect to
outstanding AIGLH capital securities. In 1996, AIGLH issued capital securities
through a trust to institutional investors and funded the trust with AIGLH
junior subordinated debentures issued to the trust with the same terms as the
capital securities.  

 On July 11, 2013, the AIGLH junior subordinated debentures
were distributed to holders of the capital securities, the capital securities
were cancelled and the trusts were dissolved. At December 31, 2015, the junior
subordinated debentures outstanding consisted of $116 million of 8.5 percent junior
subordinated debentures due July 2030, $227 million of 8.125 percent junior
subordinated debentures due March 2046 and $79 million of 7.57 percent junior
subordinated debentures due December 2045, each guaranteed by AIG Parent. 

 Credit Facilities 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On November 5, 2015, we amended and restated the five-year
syndicated credit facility entered into on June 19, 2014 (the Previous
Facility).  The amended and restated five-year syndicated facility (the
Five-Year Facility) provides for aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to
provide unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to $4.5
billion (increased from a $4.0 billion commitment in the Previous Facility)
without any limits on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in
November 2020 (the Previous Facility was scheduled to expire in June 2019). 
The increased commitment of $500 million to the Five-Year Facility offsets the
effect of the expiration of our $500 million contingent liquidity facility. 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Available 
   
  
      
   
  
   Effective 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Size
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
   Date 
   
  
 
   
      Five-Year Syndicated Credit Facility 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,500 
   
  
   November
  2020 
   
  
   11/5/2015 
   
  
 









   

 15. CONTINGENCIES, COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In the normal course of
business, various contingent liabilities and commitments are entered into by
AIG and our subsidiaries. In addition, AIG Parent guarantees various
obligations of certain subsidiaries. 

 Although AIG cannot currently quantify its ultimate
liability for unresolved litigation and investigation matters, including those
referred to below, it is possible that such liability could have a material
adverse effect on AIG’s consolidated financial condition or its consolidated
results of operations or consolidated cash flows for an individual reporting
period. 

 Legal Contingencies 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Overview.   In the normal
course of business, AIG and our subsidiaries are, like others in the insurance
and financial services industries in general, subject to litigation, including
claims for punitive damages. In our insurance and mortgage guaranty operations,
litigation arising from claims settlement activities is generally considered in
the establishment of our liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses. However, the potential for increasing jury awards and settlements
makes it difficult to assess the ultimate outcome of such litigation. AIG is
also subject to derivative, class action and other claims asserted by its
shareholders and others alleging, among other things, breach of fiduciary
duties by its directors and officers and violations of insurance laws and
regulations, as well as federal and state securities laws. In the case of any
derivative action brought on behalf of AIG, any recovery would accrue to the
benefit of AIG. 


 


 
  
   
   304 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 15. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Various regulatory and
governmental agencies have been reviewing certain transactions and practices of
AIG and our subsidiaries in connection with industry-wide and other inquiries
into, among other matters, certain business practices of current and former
operating insurance subsidiaries. We have cooperated, and will continue to
cooperate, in producing documents and other information in response to
subpoenas and other requests. 

 AIG’s
Subprime Exposure, AIGFP Credit Default Swap Portfolio and Related Matters 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 AIG, AIG Financial Products Corp. and related subsidiaries
(collectively AIGFP), and certain directors and officers of AIG, AIGFP and
other AIG subsidiaries have been named in various actions relating to our
exposure to the U.S. residential subprime mortgage market, unrealized market
valuation losses on AIGFP’s super senior credit default swap portfolio, losses
and liquidity constraints relating to our securities lending program and
related disclosure and other matters (Subprime Exposure Issues). 

 Consolidated
2008 Securities Litigation.    On May
19, 2009, a consolidated class action complaint, resulting from the
consolidation of eight purported securities class actions filed between May
2008 and January 2009, was filed against AIG and certain directors and officers
of AIG and AIGFP, AIG’s outside auditors, and the underwriters of various
securities offerings in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York (the Southern District of New York) in In re American
International Group, Inc. 2008 Securities Litigation (the Consolidated
2008 Securities Litigation), asserting claims under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and claims under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), for allegedly materially false and
misleading statements in AIG’s public disclosures from March 16, 2006 to
September 16, 2008 relating to, among other things, the Subprime Exposure
Issues. 

 On July 15, 2014 and August 1, 2014, lead plaintiff, AIG and
AIG’s outside auditor accepted mediators’ proposals to settle the Consolidated
2008 Securities Litigation against all defendants. On October 22, 2014, AIG
made a cash payment of $960 million, which is being held in escrow until all
funds are distributed. On March 20, 2015, the Court issued an Order and Final
Judgment approving the class settlement and dismissing the action with
prejudice, and the AIG settlement became final on June 29, 2015. 

 Individual Securities Litigations.  Between November
18, 2011 and February 9, 2015, eleven separate, though similar, securities
actions (Individual Securities Litigations) were filed asserting claims
substantially similar to those in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation
against AIG and certain directors and officers of AIG and AIGFP (one such
action also names as a defendant AIG’s outside auditor and two such actions
also name as defendants the underwriters of various securities offerings). Two
of the actions were voluntarily dismissed. On September 10, 2015, the Southern
District of New York granted AIG’s motion to dismiss some of the claims in the
Individual Securities Litigations in whole or in part. AIG has settled seven of
the nine remaining actions.     

 On March 27, 2015, an additional securities action was filed
in state court in Orange County, California asserting a claim against AIG
pursuant to Section 11 of the Securities Act (the California Action) that is
substantially similar to those in the Consolidated 2008 Securities Litigation and
the two remaining Individual Securities Litigations pending in the Southern
District of New York.  On July 10, 2015, AIG filed a motion to stay the
California Action. On September 18, 2015, the court denied AIG’s motion to stay
the California Action. On October 23, 2015, AIG filed an appeal of the court’s
denial. On January 28, 2016, the California appellate court summarily denied
AIG’s appeal. On February 8, 2016, AIG filed a petition for review in the California
Supreme Court. 

 On April 29, 2015, AIG filed a complaint for declaratory
relief in the Southern District of New York seeking a declaration that the
Section 11 claims filed in the California Action are time-barred (the SDNY
Action). On July 10, 2015, AIG filed a motion for summary judgment and the
plaintiff in the California Action cross moved to dismiss the SDNY Action. 

 We have accrued our current estimate of probable loss with
respect to these litigations. 


 


 
  
   
   305 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 15. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Starr International Litigation  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On November 21, 2011, Starr International
Company, Inc. (SICO) filed a complaint against the United States in the
United States Court of Federal Claims (the Court of Federal Claims), bringing
claims, both individually and on behalf of the classes defined below and
derivatively on behalf of AIG (the SICO Treasury Action). The complaint
challenges the government’s assistance of AIG, pursuant to which AIG entered
into a credit facility with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the FRBNY,
and such credit facility, the FRBNY Credit Facility) and the United States
received an approximately 80 percent ownership in AIG. The complaint
alleges that the interest rate imposed on AIG and the appropriation of
approximately 80 percent of AIG’s equity was discriminatory,
unprecedented, and inconsistent with liquidity assistance offered by the
government to other comparable firms at the time and violated the Equal
Protection, Due Process, and Takings Clauses of the U.S. Constitution. 

 In the SICO Treasury Action, the only claims naming AIG as a
party (as a nominal defendant) are derivative claims on behalf of AIG. On
September 21, 2012, SICO made a pre‑litigation demand on our Board
demanding that we pursue the derivative claims or allow SICO to pursue the
claims on our behalf. On January 9, 2013, our Board unanimously refused
SICO’s demand in its entirety and on January 23, 2013, counsel for the
Board sent a letter to counsel for SICO describing the process by which our
Board considered and refused SICO’s demand and stating the reasons for our
Board’s determination. 

 On March 11, 2013, SICO filed a second amended
complaint in the SICO Treasury Action alleging that its demand was wrongfully
refused. On June 26, 2013, the Court of Federal Claims granted AIG’s and
the United States’ motions to dismiss SICO’s derivative claims in the SICO
Treasury Action due to our Board’s refusal of SICO’s demand and denied the
United States’ motion to dismiss SICO’s direct, non-derivative claims. 

 On March 11, 2013, the Court of Federal Claims in the
SICO Treasury Action granted SICO’s motion for class certification of two
classes with respect to SICO’s non‑derivative claims: (1) persons
and entities who held shares of AIG Common Stock on or before
September 16, 2008 and who owned those shares on September 22, 2008
(the Credit Agreement Shareholder Class); and (2) persons and entities who
owned shares of AIG Common Stock on June 30, 2009 and were eligible to
vote those shares at AIG’s June 30, 2009 annual meeting of shareholders
(the Reverse Stock Split Shareholder Class). SICO has provided notice of class
certification to potential members of the classes, who, pursuant to a court
order issued on April 25, 2013, had to return opt‑in consent forms
by September 16, 2013 to participate in either class. 286,908 holders of
AIG Common Stock during the two class periods have opted into the classes. 

 On
June 15, 2015, the Court of Federal Claims issued its opinion and order in the
SICO Treasury Action.  The Court found that the United States exceeded its
statutory authority by exacting approximately 80 percent of AIG’s equity in
exchange for the FRBNY Credit Facility, but that AIG shareholders suffered no
damages as a result.  SICO argued during trial that the two classes are
entitled to a total of approximately $40 billion in damages, plus interest. The
Court also found that the United States was not liable to the Reverse Stock
Split Class in connection with the reverse stock split vote at the June 30,
2009 annual meeting of shareholders. 

 On June 17, 2015, the Court of Federal Claims entered
judgment stating that “the Credit Agreement Shareholder Class shall prevail on
liability due to the Government's illegal exaction, but shall recover zero
damages, and that the Reverse Stock Split Shareholder Class shall not prevail
on liability or damages.”  SICO filed a notice of appeal of the July 2,
2012 dismissal of SICO’s unconstitutional conditions claim, the June 26, 2013
dismissal of SICO’s derivative claims, the Court’s June 15, 2015 opinion and
order, and the Court’s June 17, 2015 judgment to the United States Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The United States filed a notice of cross
appeal of the Court’s July 2, 2012 opinion and order denying in part its motion
to dismiss, the Court’s June 26, 2013 opinion and order denying its motion to
dismiss SICO’s direct claims, the Court’s June 15, 2015 opinion and order, and
the Court’s June 17, 2015 judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for
the Federal Circuit. 

 On August 25, 2015, SICO filed its appellate brief, in which
it stated SICO does not appeal the dismissal of the derivative claims it
asserted on behalf of AIG. On December 7, 2015, the United States filed its
principal and response brief. 

 In the Court of Federal Claims, the United States has alleged,
as an affirmative defense in its answer, that AIG is obligated to indemnify the
FRBNY and its representatives, including the Federal Reserve Board of Governors
and the United States (as the FRBNY’s principal), for any recovery in the SICO
Treasury Action. 


 


 
  
   
   306 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 15. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 AIG
believes that any indemnification obligation would arise only if: (a) SICO
prevails on its appeal and ultimately receives an award of damages; (b) the
United States then commences an action against AIG seeking indemnification; and
(c) the United States is successful in such an action through any appellate
process. If SICO prevails on its claims and the United States seeks
indemnification from AIG, AIG intends to assert defenses thereto. A reversal of
the Court of Federal Claim’s June 17, 2015 decision and judgment and a final
determination that the United States is liable for damages, together with a
final determination that AIG is obligated to indemnify the United States for
any such damages, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 

 False Claims
Act Complaint 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On February 25, 2010, a complaint was filed in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of California by two
individuals (Relators) seeking to assert claims on behalf of the United States
against AIG and certain other defendants, including Goldman Sachs and Deutsche
Bank, under the False Claims Act. Relators filed a first amended complaint on
September 30, 2010, adding certain additional defendants, including Bank
of America and Société Générale. The first amended complaint alleged that
defendants engaged in fraudulent business practices in respect of their
activities in the over-the-counter market for collateralized debt obligations,
and submitted false claims to the United States in connection with the FRBNY
Credit Facility and Maiden Lane II LLC and Maiden Lane III LLC entities
(the Maiden Lane Interests) through, among other things, misrepresenting AIG’s
ability and intent to repay amounts drawn on the FRBNY Credit Facility, and
misrepresenting the value of the securities that the Maiden Lane Interests
acquired from AIG and certain of its counterparties. The first amended
complaint sought unspecified damages pursuant to the False Claims Act in the
amount of three times the damages allegedly sustained by the United States as
well as interest, attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses. The complaint and the
first amended complaint were initially filed and maintained under seal while
the United States considered whether to intervene in the action. On or about
April 28, 2011, after the United States declined to intervene, the
District Court lifted the seal, and Relators served the first amended complaint
on AIG on July 11, 2011. On April 19, 2013, the Court granted AIG’s
motion to dismiss, dismissing the first amended complaint in its entirety,
without prejudice, giving the Relators the opportunity to file a second amended
complaint. On May 24, 2013, the Relators filed a second amended complaint,
which attempted to plead the same claims as the prior complaints and did not
specify an amount of alleged damages.  AIG and its
co-defendants filed motions to dismiss the second amended complaint on August
9, 2013.  On March 29, 2014, the
Court dismissed the second amended complaint with prejudice.  On April
30, 2014, the Relators filed a Notice of Appeal to the Ninth Circuit. We
are unable to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of losses, if any,
arising from this litigation. 

 Litigation
Matters Relating to AIG’s Insurance Operations 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Caremark.
 AIG and certain of its subsidiaries have been named defendants in two
putative class actions in state court in Alabama that arise out of the 1999
settlement of class and derivative litigation involving Caremark Rx, Inc.
(Caremark). The plaintiffs in the second‑filed action intervened in the
first‑filed action, and the second‑filed action was dismissed. An
excess policy issued by a subsidiary of AIG with respect to the 1999 litigation
was expressly stated to be without limit of liability. In the current actions,
plaintiffs allege that the judge approving the 1999 settlement was misled as to
the extent of available insurance coverage and would not have approved the
settlement had he known of the existence and/or unlimited nature of the excess
policy. They further allege that AIG, its subsidiaries, and Caremark are liable
for fraud and suppression for misrepresenting and/or concealing the nature and
extent of coverage.  

 The complaints filed by the
plaintiffs and the intervenors request compensatory damages for the 1999 class
in the amount of $3.2 billion, plus punitive damages. Plaintiffs have now
reduced the amount of compensatory damages they are seeking at trial to $1.1
billion. AIG and its subsidiaries deny the allegations of fraud and
suppression, assert that information concerning the excess policy was publicly
disclosed months prior to the approval of the settlement, that the claims are
barred by the statute of limitations, and that the statute cannot be tolled in
light of the public disclosure of the excess coverage. The plaintiffs and
intervenors, in turn, have asserted that the disclosure was insufficient to
inform them of the nature of the coverage and did not start the running of the
statute of limitations. 

 On August 15, 2012, the
trial court entered an order granting plaintiffs’ motion for class
certification, and on September 12, 2014, the Alabama Supreme Court affirmed
that order. AIG and the other defendants’ petition for rehearing of that
decision  
 


 
  
   
   307 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 15. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 was denied on February 27, 2015. The matter
has been remanded to the trial court for general discovery and adjudication of
the merits. On November 24, 2015, the trial court ruled that the defendants had
a duty to disclose the amount of insurance available at the settlement approval
hearings and that the defendants breached that duty. AIG intends to appeal this
ruling in the event of an adverse judgment at trial. Trial is expected to
commence on February 22, 2016. In 2015, we accrued our current estimate of loss
with respect to this litigation. 

 Regulatory and Related Matters 

 In April 2007, the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners (NAIC) formed a Settlement Review Working Group, directed by the
State of Indiana, to review the Workers’ Compensation Residual Market
Assessment portion of the settlement between AIG, the Office of the New York
Attorney General, and the New York State Department of Insurance.  In late
2007, the Settlement Review Working Group, under the direction of Indiana,
Minnesota and Rhode Island, recommended that a multi-state targeted market
conduct examination focusing on workers’ compensation insurance be commenced
under the direction of the NAIC’s Market Analysis Working Group.  AIG was
informed of the multi-state targeted market conduct examination in January
2008.  The lead states in the multi-state examination were Delaware,
Florida, Indiana, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode
Island.  All other states (and the District of Columbia) agreed to participate
in the multi-state examination. The examination focused on legacy issues
related to certain AIG entities’ writing and reporting of workers compensation
insurance between 1985 and 1996.   

 On December 17, 2010, AIG and the lead states reached an
agreement to settle all regulatory liabilities arising out of the subjects of
the multistate examination.  This regulatory settlement agreement, which
was agreed to by all 50 states and the District of Columbia, included, among
other terms, (i) AIG’s payment of $100 million in regulatory fines and
penalties; (ii) AIG’s payment of $46.5 million in outstanding premium taxes and
assessments; (iii) AIG’s agreement to enter into a compliance plan describing
agreed-upon specific steps and standards for evaluating AIG’s ongoing compliance
with state regulations governing the setting of workers’ compensation
insurance premium rates and the reporting of workers’
compensation premiums; and (iv) AIG’s agreement to pay up to $150 million
in contingent fines in the event that AIG fails to comply substantially with
the compliance plan requirements. In furtherance of the compliance plan, the
agreement provided for a monitoring period from May 29, 2012 to May 29, 2014
leading up to a compliance plan examination.  After the close of the
monitoring period, as part of preparation for the actual conduct of the
compliance plan examination, on or about October 1, 2014, AIG and the lead
states agreed upon corrective action plans to address particular issues
identified during the monitoring period.  The compliance plan examination
is ongoing. There can be no assurance that the result of the compliance plan
examination will not result in a fine, have a material adverse effect on AIG’s
ongoing operations or lead to civil litigation. 

 In connection with a multi‑state examination of
certain accident and health products, including travel products, issued by
National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union), AIG
Property Casualty Inc. (formerly Chartis Inc.), on behalf of itself, National
Union, and certain of AIG Property Casualty Inc.’s insurance and non‑insurance
companies (collectively, the AIG PC parties) entered into a Regulatory
Settlement Agreement with regulators from 50 U.S. jurisdictions effective
November 29, 2012. Under the agreement, and without admitting any
liability for the issues raised in the examination, the AIG PC parties
(i) paid a civil penalty of $50 million, (ii) entered into a
corrective action plan describing agreed‑upon specific steps and
standards for evaluating the AIG PC parties’ ongoing compliance with laws and
regulations governing the issues identified in the examination, and
(iii) agreed to pay a contingent fine in the event that the AIG PC parties
fail to satisfy certain terms of the corrective action plan. National Union and
other AIG companies are also currently subject to civil litigation relating to
the conduct of their accident and health business, and may be subject to
additional litigation relating to the conduct of such business from time to time
in the ordinary course. There can be no assurance that any regulatory action
resulting from the issues identified will not have a material adverse effect on
our ongoing operations of the business subject to the agreement, or on similar
business written by other AIG carriers. 

 Legal
Reserves 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We recorded increases in our legal reserve liability of $25
million and $507 million in the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. 

 
 


 
  
   
   308 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 15. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Commitments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We occupy leased space in many locations under various long-term
leases and have entered into various leases covering the long-term use of data
processing equipment. 

 The following table presents the future minimum lease
payments under operating leases at December 31, 2015: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
   $
   
   
  
   304 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   168 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
 
   
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
   Remaining years after 2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   210 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $
   
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
 


   

 Rent expense
was $327 million, $471 million and $414 million for the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  

 Other
Commitments 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 In the normal course of business, we enter into commitments
to invest in limited partnerships, private equity funds and hedge funds and to
purchase and develop real estate in the U.S. and abroad. These commitments
totaled $2.6 billion at December 31, 2015. 

 Guarantees 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Subsidiaries 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We have issued unconditional guarantees with respect to the
prompt payment, when due, of all present and future payment obligations and
liabilities of AIGFP and of AIG Markets arising from transactions entered into
by AIG Markets.  

 In connection with AIGFP’s business activities, AIGFP has
issued, in a limited number of transactions, standby letters of credit or
similar facilities to equity investors of structured leasing transactions in an
amount equal to the termination value owing to the equity investor by the
lessee in the event of a lessee default (the equity termination value). The
total amount outstanding at December 31, 2015 was $208 million. In those
transactions, AIGFP has agreed to pay such amount if the lessee fails to pay.
The amount payable by AIGFP is, in certain cases, partially offset by amounts
payable under other instruments typically equal to the present value of
scheduled payments to be made by AIGFP. In the event that AIGFP is required to
make a payment to the equity investor, the lessee is unconditionally obligated
to reimburse AIGFP. To the extent that the equity investor is paid the equity
termination value from the standby letter of credit and/or other sources,
including payments by the lessee, AIGFP takes an assignment of the equity
investor’s rights under the lease of the underlying property. Because the
obligations of the lessee under the lease transactions are generally economically
defeased, lessee bankruptcy is the most likely circumstance in which AIGFP
would be required to pay without reimbursement. 


 


 
  
   
   309 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 15. CONTINGENCIES,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Asset Dispositions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 General 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity
arrangements in connection with the completed sales of businesses pursuant to
our asset disposition plan. The various arrangements may be triggered by, among
other things, declines in asset values, the occurrence of specified business
contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities, developments in
litigation or breaches of representations, warranties or covenants provided by
us. These arrangements are typically subject to various time limitations,
defined by the contract or by operation of law, such as statutes of limitation.
In some cases, the maximum potential obligation is subject to contractual
limitations, while in other cases such limitations are not specified or are not
applicable. 

 We are unable to develop a reasonable estimate of the
maximum potential payout under certain of these arrangements. Overall, we
believe that it is unlikely we will have to make any material payments related
to completed sales under these arrangements, and no material liabilities
related to these arrangements have been recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 

 Other 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 ·        See
Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on
commitments and guarantees associated with VIEs. 

 ·       See
Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosures
about derivatives.  

 ·       See
Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosures
about guarantees of outstanding debt. 








 16. Equity 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Shares Outstanding 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following
table presents a rollforward of outstanding shares: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
   Common
  Stock 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Stock
  Issued 
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,611,680 
   
  
   (430,289,745) 
   
  
   1,476,321,935 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   34,009 
   
  
   24,778 
   
  
   58,787 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (12,317,399) 
   
  
   (12,317,399) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,645,689 
   
  
   (442,582,366) 
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,645,689 
   
  
   (442,582,366) 
   
  
   1,464,063,323 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   25,803 
   
  
   15,748 
   
  
   41,551 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (88,177,903) 
   
  
   (88,177,903) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (530,744,521) 
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Shares, beginning of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (530,744,521) 
   
  
   1,375,926,971 
   
  
 
   
      Shares issued 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   371,806 
   
  
   371,806 
   
  
 
   
      Shares repurchased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (182,382,160) 
   
  
   (182,382,160) 
   
  
 
   
   Shares, end of year 
   
  
   1,906,671,492 
   
  
   (712,754,875) 
   
  
   1,193,916,617 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   310 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. EQUITY 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Dividends 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Payment of future dividends
to our shareholders and repurchases of AIG Common Stock depends in part on the
regulatory framework that we are currently subject to and that will ultimately
be applicable to us, including as a nonbank systemically important financial
institution under the Dodd‑Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act (Dodd‑Frank) and a global systemically important insurer.
In addition, dividends are payable on AIG Common Stock only when, as and if
declared by our Board of Directors in its discretion, from funds legally
available for this purpose. In considering whether to pay a dividend or
purchase shares of AIG Common Stock, our Board of Directors considers a number
of factors, including, but not limited to: the capital resources available to
support our insurance operations and business strategies, AIG’s funding
capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal benchmarks,
expectations for capital generation, rating agency expectations for capital,
regulatory standards for capital and capital distributions, and such other
factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

 On March 26, 2015, AIG paid a
dividend of $0.125 per share on AIG Common Stock to shareholders of record on
March 12, 2015. On June 25, 2015, AIG paid a dividend of $0.125 per share on
AIG Common Stock to shareholders of record on June 11, 2015.  On September 28, 2015,
AIG paid a dividend of $0.28 per share on AIG Common Stock to shareholders of
record on September 14, 2015.  On December 21, 2015, AIG paid a dividend of
$0.28 per share on AIG Common Stock to shareholders of record on December 7, 2015. 

 Repurchase of AIG Common
Stock 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our Board of Directors has
authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock through a series of
actions. On December 16, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized an additional
increase of $ 3.0  billion to its previous share
repurchase authorization, resulting in an aggregate remaining authorization on
such date of approximately $4.1 billion.  A s of December 31, 2015, approximately
$3.3 billion remained under our share repurchase authorization. Shares   may be repurchased from time to time in the open
market, private purchases, through forward, derivative, accelerated repurchase
or automatic repurchase transactions or otherwise (including through the
purchase of warrants). Certain of our share repurchases have been and may from
time to time be effected through Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 repurchase plans. 

 For the year ended December
31, 2013, we repurchased approximately 12 million shares of AIG Common Stock
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $597 million. 

 For the year ended December
31, 2014, we repurchased approximately 88 million shares of AIG Common Stock
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $4.9 billion. 

 In the second, third and fourth quarters of 2014, we
executed five accelerated stock repurchase (ASR) agreements with third-party
financial institutions. The total number of shares of AIG Common Stock
repurchased in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2014, and the
aggregate purchase price of those shares, each as set forth above, reflect our
payment of approximately $3.1 billion in the aggregate under the ASR agreements
and the receipt of approximately 53 million shares of AIG Common Stock in the
aggregate, including the initial receipt of 70 percent of the total notional
share equivalent, or approximately 9.2 million shares of AIG Common Stock,
under an ASR agreement executed in December 2014. That ASR agreement settled in
January 2015, at which time we received approximately 3.5 million additional
shares of AIG Common Stock based on a formula specified by the terms of the ASR
agreement.  

 For the year ended December 31, 2015, we repurchased
approximately 182 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $10.7 billion.   

 The total number of shares of AIG Common Stock repurchased
for the year ended December 31, 2015 includes (but the aggregate purchase price
does not include) approximately 3.5 million shares of AIG Common Stock received
in January 2015 upon the settlement of an accelerated share repurchase
agreement executed in the fourth quarter of 2014. 


 


 
  
   
   311 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. EQUITY 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The timing of any future
repurchases will depend on market conditions, our financial condition, results of
operations, liquidity and other factor s. 

 Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents a rollforward of
Accumulated other comprehensive income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Depreciation)
  of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Maturity
  Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   on
  Which Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Temporary
  Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Impairments
   
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
   Were
  Taken 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, January 1, 2013, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   575 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,446 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (403) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,044) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,574 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         appreciation (depreciation) of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   464 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,069) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,605) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs adjustment and
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   873 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,737 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
 
   
      Net actuarial gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
 
   
      Prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax asset
  (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,738 
   
  
     
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (330) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,251 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   631 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,237) 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2013, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   936 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,789 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (952) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (413) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,360 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         appreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,720 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs adjustment and
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   (495) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (133) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,246) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
 
   
      Net actuarial loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (815) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (815) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax asset
  (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (418) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   308 
   
  
     
   
  
   (93) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2014, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,043 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,327 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,784) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (969) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
 
   
      Change in unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         depreciation of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (488) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,519) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,007) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred policy 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         acquisition costs adjustment and
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (146) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,119 
   
  
 
   
      Change in future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,204 
   
  
 
   
      Change in foreign currency  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         translation adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
 
   
      Net actuarial gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
 
   
      Prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (239) 
   
  
 
   
      Change in deferred tax asset
  (liability) 
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,553 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   312 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. EQUITY 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance, December 31, 2015, net of tax 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   696 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,566 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,879) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (846) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
 


 The following
table presents the other comprehensive income (loss) reclassification
adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation)
  of Fixed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Maturity
  Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   on
  Which Other-Than- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Appreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   Retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Temporary
  Credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Depreciation) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Currency 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Impairments
  Were 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  All Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   507 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9,556) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   851 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,652) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   855 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
   836 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,411) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (454) 
   
  
     
   
  
   961 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,488) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,738) 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   330 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,251) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   361 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,673) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   631 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,237) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (866) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,908 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   (833) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (864) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,350 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (308) 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   107 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,538 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (832) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (556) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized change arising during period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (471) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7,068) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   285 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,383) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Reclassification adjustments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     before income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (542) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,142) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,639) 
   
  
 
   
   Less: Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,553) 
   
  
 
   
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      net of income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (347) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6,762) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,100) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   123 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the effect of the reclassification of significant
items out of Accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line
items in the Consolidated Statements of Income: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Amount Reclassified  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from Accumulated Other  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
   Comprehensive Income 
   
  
   Affected
  Line Item in the  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions)  
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Statements of Income 
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of
  fixed maturity securities on which other-than-temporary credit impairments
  were recognized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   71 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   313 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 16. EQUITY 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of
  all other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   669 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other realized capital gains 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred acquisition costs adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization of deferred policy
  acquisition costs 
   
  
 
   
      Future policy benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,569) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   855 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Change in retirement plan liabilities
  adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Prior-service costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   214 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial gains/(losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
     
   
  
   * 
   
  
 
   
      Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (110) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Total reclassifications for the period 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,256 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   558 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   836 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    These
Accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the
computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 20 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 



 
  



 17. EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The basic EPS computation is based on the weighted average
number of common shares outstanding, adjusted to reflect all stock dividends
and stock splits. The diluted EPS computation is based on those shares used in the
basic EPS computation plus shares that would have been outstanding assuming
issuance of common shares for all dilutive potential common shares outstanding and
adjusted to reflect all stock dividends and stock splits.  

 The
following table presents the computation of basic and diluted EPS:  

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Numerator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
 
   
      Less: Net income (loss) from
  continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
      Income attributable to AIG common
  shareholders from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,579 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,001 
   
  
 
   
      Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
 
   
      Net income attributable to AIG common
  shareholders 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
 
   
   Denominator for EPS: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares
  outstanding — basic 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,299,825,350 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,427,959,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,474,171,690 
   
  
 
   
      Dilutive shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,639,533 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,593,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,035,107 
   
  
 
   
      Weighted average shares
  outstanding — diluted * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,334,464,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,447,553,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,481,206,797 
   
  
 
   
   Income per common share attributable to
  AIG: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.11 
   
  
 
   
      Income from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
 
   
      Net Income attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.69 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.27 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.16 
   
  
 
   
   Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income from continuing operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.24 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.08 
   
  
 
   
      Income from discontinued operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.04) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.05 
   
  
 
   
      Net Income attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6.13 
   
  
 


 *    Dilutive
shares primarily result from share-based employee compensation plans and a
weighted average portion of the warrants issued to AIG shareholders as part of
the recapitalization in January 2011.  The number of shares excluded from
diluted shares outstanding were 0.2 million, 0.3 million and 38 million
for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, because the
effect of including those shares in the calculation would have been
anti-dilutive.      



 
  




 


 
  
   
   314 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 18. STATUTORY FINANCIAL
DATA AND RESTRICTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 18. STATUTORY FINANCIAL DATA AND RESTRICTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents statutory net income
(loss) and capital and surplus for our Non-Life Insurance Companies and our
Life Insurance Companies in accordance with statutory accounting practices: 

 
  
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory net income (loss) (a)(b)(c)(d)(e) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic (d)(e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,202 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,265 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,440 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   521 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   842 
   
  
 
   
   Total Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,723 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,517 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,282 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,672 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,047 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,856 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,038 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statutory capital and surplus (a)(c)(d)(e) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic (d)(e) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,358 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27,621 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,465 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,823 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,804 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,879 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
   437 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,316 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Aggregate minimum required statutory capital and surplus :  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies (f) : 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic (f) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,493 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,540 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,210 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,750 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Domestic 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,674 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,703 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,720 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 (a) Excludes discontinued operations
and other divested businesses. Statutory capital and surplus and net income
(loss) with respect to foreign operations are as of November 30.  

 (b) Non-Life Insurance Companies did not recognize material
statutory gains related to legal entity simplification (restructuring) in 2015.
Non-Life Insurance Companies include $0 and approximately $8.0 billion of
recognized statutory gains related to legal entity simplification
(restructuring) in 2014 and 2013, respectively. These recognized gains were
largely offset by reductions in unrealized gains; therefore, there was no
material impact to total surplus. 

 (c) In aggregate, the 2014 Non-Life Insurance Companies and
Life Insurance Companies statutory net income (loss) and statutory capital and
surplus amounts increased by $115 million and $303 million, respectively,
compared to the amounts previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2014, due to finalization of statutory filings. 

 (d) Non-Life Insurance Companies recognized $2.75 billion of
capital contributions from AIG Parent in their statutory financial statements as
of December 31, 2015, related to the reserve strengthening in the fourth
quarter of 2015. These capital contributions were received in January 2016. 

 (e) For the year ended December 31, 2015, excluded Eaglestone
Reinsurance Company (Eaglestone), a reinsurer of run-off lines of business from
affiliates within Non-Life Insurance Companies, which was transferred from the
Non-Life Insurance Companies to Corporate and Other. The statutory net income
and statutory capital and surplus of Eaglestone at December 31, 2015 were $22.8
million and $1.9 billion, respectively. The statutory surplus included $150
million of capital contribution received from AIG Parent in January 2016.
  

 (f) For the year ended December 31, 2015, excluded $274
million for Eaglestone. 

   

 
 


 
  
   
   315 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 18. STATUTORY FINANCIAL
DATA AND RESTRICTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Our insurance subsidiaries file financial statements
prepared in accordance with statutory accounting practices prescribed or
permitted by domestic and foreign insurance regulatory authorities. The
principal differences between statutory financial statements and financial
statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for domestic companies are
that statutory financial statements do not reflect DAC, some bond portfolios
may be carried at amortized cost, investment impairments are determined in
accordance with statutory accounting practices, assets and liabilities are
presented net of reinsurance, policyholder liabilities are generally valued
using more conservative assumptions and certain assets are non-admitted. 

 For domestic insurance subsidiaries, aggregate minimum
required statutory capital and surplus is based on the greater of the RBC level
that would trigger regulatory action or minimum requirements per state
insurance regulation. Capital and surplus requirements of our foreign
subsidiaries differ from those prescribed in the U.S., and can vary
significantly by jurisdiction. At both December 31, 2015 and 2014, all domestic
and foreign insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded the minimum required
statutory capital and surplus requirements and all domestic insurance
subsidiaries individually exceeded RBC minimum required levels. 

 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, with the exception of
one permitted practice adopted by one domestic life insurance subsidiary in
2015, described below, the use of prescribed or permitted statutory accounting
practices by our domestic and foreign insurance subsidiaries did not result in
reported statutory surplus or risk-based capital that is significantly
different from the statutory surplus or risk-based capital that would have been
reported had NAIC statutory accounting practices or the prescribed regulatory
accounting practices of their respective foreign regulatory authority been
followed in all respects for domestic and foreign insurance entities. As
described in Note 12, our domestic insurance subsidiaries domiciled in New York
and Pennsylvania discount non-tabular workers’ compensation reserves based on the
prescribed or approved regulations in each of those states. This practice did
not have a material impact on our statutory surplus, statutory net income
(loss), or risk-based capital.  In 2015, a domestic life insurance subsidiary
domiciled in Texas adopted a permitted statutory accounting practice to report
derivatives used to hedge interest rate risk on product-related embedded
derivatives at amortized cost instead of fair value.  The initial adoption
of the permitted practice resulted in a reduction to the statutory surplus
of our subsidiary of $366 million at December 31, 2015. 

 The NAIC Model Regulation
“Valuation of Life Insurance Policies” (Regulation XXX) requires U.S. life
insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance
policies with long-term premium guarantees and universal life policies with
secondary guarantees (ULSGs). In addition,  NAIC  Actuarial Guideline 38 (Guideline AXXX) clarifies the
application of Regulation XXX as to these guarantees, including certain ULSGs.  

 Domestic insurance subsidiaries manage the capital impact
of  statutory reserve requirements
 under Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX
 through intercompany reinsurance transactions. The affiliated life insurers providing
reinsurance capacity for such transactions are fully licensed insurance
companies and are not formed under captive insurance laws. Under one of these
 intercompany reinsurance arrangements, certain Regulation XXX and Guideline
AXXX reserves related to new and in-force business are ceded to an affiliated
U.S. life insurer, which is a licensed life insurer in the state of Missouri
and an accredited reinsurer in the state of Texas. As an accredited reinsurer,
this affiliated life insurer is not required to post any collateral such as
letters of credit or assets in trust. 

 Under the other intercompany reinsurance arrangement,
certain Regulation XXX and Guideline AXXX reserves related to a closed block of
in-force business are ceded to an affiliated off-shore life insurer, which is
licensed as a class E insurer under Bermuda law.  Bermuda law permits the
off-shore life insurer to record an asset that effectively reduces the
statutory reserves for the assumed reinsurance to the level that would be
required under U.S. GAAP. Letters of credit are used to support the credit for
reinsurance provided by the  affiliated
 off-shore life insurer. The letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by
AIG Parent in the event of a drawdown. See Note 7 for additional information
regarding these letters of credit. 
 

 Subsidiary Dividend Restrictions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Payments of dividends to us by our insurance subsidiaries
are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. With
respect to our domestic insurance subsidiaries, the payment of any dividend
requires formal notice to the insurance department in which the particular
insurance subsidiary is domiciled. For example, unless permitted by the
Superintendent of Financial Services, property casualty companies domiciled in
New York generally may not pay dividends to shareholders that,  
 


 
  
   
   316 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 18. STATUTORY FINANCIAL
DATA AND RESTRICTIONS 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 in any 12‑month period, exceed the lesser of
10 percent of such company’s statutory policyholders’ surplus or
100 percent of its “adjusted net investment income,” for the previous
year, as defined. Generally, less severe restrictions applicable to both property
casualty and life insurance companies exist in most of the other states in
which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled. Under the laws of many states,
an insurer may pay a dividend without prior approval of the insurance regulator
when the amount of the dividend is below certain regulatory thresholds. Other
foreign jurisdictions may restrict the ability of our foreign insurance
subsidiaries to pay dividends. Various other regulatory restrictions also limit
cash loans and advances to us by our subsidiaries. 

 Largely as a result of these restrictions, approximately $41.6
billion of the statutory capital and surplus of our consolidated insurance
subsidiaries were restricted from transfer to AIG Parent without prior
approval of state insurance regulators at December 31, 2015.  

 To our knowledge, no AIG insurance company is currently on
any regulatory or similar “watch list” with regard to solvency. 

 Parent Company Dividend Restrictions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At
December 31, 2015, our ability to pay dividends is not subject to any
significant contractual restrictions, but remains subject to regulatory
restrictions. See Note 16 herein for additional information about our ability
to pay dividends to our shareholders. 








 19. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents our share‑based
compensation expense: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - pre-tax * 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   365 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   349 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   457 
   
  
 
   
   Share-based compensation expense - after tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
     
   
  
   227 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
 


 *    For the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, $19 million, $86 million and $315
million, respectively, of pre-tax compensation expense was attributed to
unsettled liability-classified awards, the values of which are based on our
share price at the reporting date. Our share price was $61.97, $56.01 and $51.05
at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  In addition, we recognized
$147 million, $120 million and $101 million for immediately vested
stock-settled awards issued to retirement eligible employees in 2015, 2014 and
2013, respectively.  

 Employee Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The Company grants annual Long Term Incentive (LTI) awards
under the 2013 Long Term Incentive Plan (2013 LTIP), which is governed by the
AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2013 Plan).  The 2013 Plan replaced the AIG
2010 Stock Incentive Plan (2010 Plan) as of May 15, 2013 but does not affect
the terms and conditions of any award issued under the 2010 Plan.  The 2013
Plan is currently the only plan under which share-settled awards can be made. 

  As of December 31, 2015, the Starr International Company
Inc. Deferred Compensation Profit Participation Plans (the SICO Plans) are the
only legacy plans for which awards remain unvested. 

 Our share-settled awards are settled with previously
acquired shares held in AIG’s treasury. Share awards made by SICO are settled
by SICO. 

 AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The 2013 Plan was adopted at the 2013 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders and provides for the grants of share-based awards to our employees
and non-employee directors.  The total number of shares that may be granted
under the 2013 Plan (the reserve) is the sum of 1) 45 million shares of AIG
Common Stock, plus 2) the number of authorized shares that remained available
for issuance under the 2010 Plan when the 2013 Plan became effective, plus 3)
the number of shares of AIG  
 


 
  
   
   317 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 19. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Common Stock relating to
outstanding awards under the 2010 Plan at the time the 2013 Plan became
effective that subsequently are forfeited, expired, terminated or otherwise
lapse or are settled in cash.  Each share-based unit granted under the 2013
Plan reduces the number of shares available for future grants by one share. 
However, shares with respect to awards that are forfeited, expired or settled
for cash, and shares withheld for taxes on awards (other than options and stock
appreciation rights (SARs) awards) are returned to the reserve.   

 During 2015, performance share units (PSUs) and deferred
stock units (DSUs) were granted under the 2013 Plan and 45,670,678 shares are
available for future grants as of December 31, 2015.  PSUs were issued to
employees as part of our long-term incentive program in March 2015 and are also
issued for off-cycle grants, which are made from time to time during the year
as sign-on awards to new hires or as a result of a change in employee status. 

 AIG 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The 2010 Plan was adopted at the 2010 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders.  The total number of shares of AIG Common Stock that could be
granted under the 2010 Plan was 60 million.  During 2013, we granted PSUs, DSUs
and restricted stock units (RSUs) under the 2010 Plan.  Each PSU, DSU and RSU
awarded reduced the number of shares available for future grants by one share. 
Subsequent to the adoption of the 2013 Plan in May 2013, no additional grants
were made under the 2010 Plan. 

 Share - settled Awards 

 AIG
2013 Long Term Incentive Plan 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The 2013 LTIP provides for the annual grant of PSUs to
certain employees, including our senior executive officers and other highly
compensated employees.   Each recipient of an award is granted a number of PSUs
(the target) that provides the opportunity to receive shares of AIG Common
Stock based on AIG achieving specified performance goals at the end of a
three-year performance period.  These performance goals are pre-established by
AIG’s Compensation and Management Resources Committee for each annual grant and
may differ from year to year. The actual number of PSUs earned can vary from
zero to 150 percent of the target depending on AIG’s performance relative to a
specified peer group. Vesting occurs in three equal installments beginning on
January 1 of the year immediately following the end of a performance period and
January 1 of each of the next two years.  Recipients must be employed at each
vesting date to be entitled to share delivery, except upon the occurrence of an
accelerated vesting event, such as an involuntary termination without cause,
disability, retirement or death during the vesting period.   

 LTI awards granted in 2015 accrue dividend equivalent units
(DEUs) in the form of additional PSUs whenever a cash dividend is declared on
shares of AIG Common Stock; the DEUs are subject to the same vesting terms and
conditions as the underlying PSUs.  Neither dividends nor DEUs accrue on
unvested PSUs or the shares underlying the PSUs for LTI awards granted in 2014
and 2013.   

 Performance
Share Unit Goals and Valuation 

 The performance goals used to measure LTI awards granted in 2015
and 2014 pertain to AIG’s total shareholder return (TSR) and credit default
swap (CDS) spread, weighted 75 percent and 25 percent, respectively, in each
case relative to a specified peer group.  The goals for the 2013 awards are
AIG’s growth in tangible book value per common share (TBVPS) (excluding
accumulated other comprehensive income) and TSR weighted 50 percent each, in
each case relative to a specified peer group. The fair value of PSUs to be
earned based on AIG’s TBVPS and CDS spreads was based on the closing price of
AIG Common Stock on the grant date. However, PSUs granted in 2014 and 2013 that
vest based on these goals were discounted by the present value of estimated
dividends to be paid during the respective vesting periods as these awards do
not accrue dividends or DEUs.  The fair value of PSUs to be earned based on
AIG’s TSR relative to a specified peer group was determined on the grant date using
a Monte Carlo simulation. 


 


 
  
   
   318 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 19. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The
following table presents the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
PSUs that vest based on AIG’s TSR: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Expected dividend yield (a) 
   
  
   1.78 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   1.13 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   0.38 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Expected volatility (b) 
   
  
   22.71 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   23.66 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   30.79 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Risk-free interest rate (c) 
   
  
   1.01 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   0.76 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a) The
dividend yield is the projected annualized AIG dividend yield estimated by
Bloomberg Professional service as of the valuation date. 

 (b) The expected
volatility is based on the implied volatilities of actively traded stock
options from the valuation date through the end of the PSU performance period
as estimated by Bloomberg Professional service. 

 (c)  The risk-free
interest rate is the continuously compounded interest rate for the term between
the valuation date and the end of the performance period that is assumed to be
constant and equal to the interpolated value between the closest data points on
the U.S. dollar LIBOR-swap curve as of the valuation date . 

 The following
table summarizes outstanding share - settled LTI awards (a) : 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted Average  
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year 
   
  
   Number of PSUs (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
    Grant-Date Fair Value  
   
  
 
   
   Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
   2015
  LTI 
   
  
   2014
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2014
  LTI 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013
  LTI 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, beginning of year 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,036,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,066,182 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.72 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37.09 
   
  
 
   
      Granted 
   
  
   6,445,639 
   
  
   10,225 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.55 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52.83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Vested 
   
  
   (3,212,976) 
   
  
   (1,270,263) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,593,595) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   54.09 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48.56 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.09 
   
  
 
   
      Forfeited 
   
  
   (185,705) 
   
  
   (217,130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (222,478) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53.66 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   48.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.38 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, end of year 
   
  
   3,046,958 
   
  
   2,559,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,250,109 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   55.08 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   48.82 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37.07 
   
  
 


 (a)  Excludes SICO awards, DSUs and
options, which are discussed under the SICO Plans, Non-Employee Plans and Stock
Options sections, respectively. 

 (b)  Represents target number of PSUs granted, and does not reflect
potential increases or decreases that could result from the final outcome of
the performance goals to be determined after the applicable performance period
ends.  The performance period for 2013 LTI awards ended December 31, 2015; the
number of earned PSUs based on the results of the 2013 performance goals will
be adjudicated in March 2016 by the Compensation and Management Resources
Committee. 

 At
December 31, 2015, the total unrecognized compensation cost (net of expected
forfeitures) for the unvested PSUs was $190 million and the weighted-average
and expected period of years over which that cost is expected to be recognized
are 1.29 years and 4 years . 

 SICO Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The SICO Plans, which have been closed to new participants
since 2004, provide that shares of AIG Common Stock currently held by SICO are
set aside for the benefit of the participants and distributed upon retirement.
The SICO Board of Directors currently may permit an early payout of shares
under certain circumstances. Prior to payout, the participant is not entitled
to vote, dispose of or receive dividends with respect to such shares, and
shares are subject to forfeiture under certain conditions, including but not
limited to the participant’s termination of employment with us prior to normal
retirement age. A significant portion of the awards under the SICO Plans vest
the year after the participant reaches age 65, provided that the participant
remains employed by us through age 65. The portion of the awards for which
early payout is available vests on the applicable payout date. 

 SICO Plan awards issued in the form of restricted stock
were valued based on the closing price of AIG’s Common Stock on the grant date.
Although none of the costs of the various benefits provided under the SICO Plans
have been paid by us, we have recorded compensation expense for the deferred
compensation amounts payable to our employees by SICO, with an offsetting
amount credited to Additional paid-in capital reflecting amounts deemed
contributed by SICO.  As of December 31, 2015, 31,964 shares of restricted
stock remain unvested; the total unrecognized compensation cost (net of
expected forfeitures) is $10 million and the weighted average and expected
period of years over which those costs are expected to be recognized are 5.28
years and 21   years, respectively. 

 Non-Employee Plans 


 


 
  
   
   319 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 19. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our non-employee directors, who serve on our Board of
Directors, receive share-based compensation in the form of fully vested
deferred stock units (DSUs) with delivery deferred until retirement from the
Board.  DSUs granted in 2015, 2014 and 2013 accrue DEUs equal to the amount of
any regular quarterly dividend that would have been paid by AIG if the shares
of AIG Common Stock underlying the DSUs had been outstanding.  In 2015, 2014
and 2013, we granted to non-employee directors 32,342, 28,477 and 25,735 DSUs,
respectively, under the 2013 Plan, and recognized expense of $1.9 million, $1.5
million and $1.2 million, respectively. 

 Stock Options 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Options granted under the AIG 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and
the 1999 Stock Option Plan generally vested over four years (25 percent vesting
per year) and expire 10 years from the date of grant.  All outstanding options
are vested and out of the money at December 31, 2015. There were no stock
options granted since 2008. The aggregate intrinsic value for all unexercised
options is zero. 

 The
following table provides a roll forward of stock option activity:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Weighted 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Average 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Remaining 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
      
   
  
   Weighted
  Average 
   
  
   Contractual 
   
  
 
   
   As of or for the Year Ended December
  31, 2015 
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
   Exercise
  Price 
   
  
   Life 
   
  
 
   
   Options: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exercisable at beginning of year 
   
  
   202,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,037.74 
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
 
   
   Expired 
   
  
   (108,763) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,261.25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exercisable at end of year 
   
  
   93,512 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   777.78 
   
  
   2.16 
   
  
 


 Cash-settled Awards  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Share-based cash-settled awards are recorded as liabilities
until the final payout is made or the award is replaced with a stock-settled
award. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting periods, unless the
award is fully vested on the grant date in which case the entire award value is
immediately recognized as expense.  

 Unlike stock-settled awards, which generally have a fixed
grant-date fair value (unless the award is subsequently modified), the fair
value of unsettled or unvested cash-settled awards is remeasured at the end of
each reporting period based on the change in fair value of one share of AIG
Common Stock. The liability and corresponding expense are adjusted accordingly
until the award is settled. 

 During the period we were subject to Troubled Asset Relief
Program (TARP) restrictions, we issued various cash-settled share-based grants,
including Stock Salary, TARP RSU awards, and other cash-settled RSU awards, to
certain of our most highly compensated employees and executive officers in the
form of restricted stock units that were either fully vested with payment
deferred, or subject to specified service and performance conditions.  After
the repayment of our TARP obligations in December 2012, all performance
conditions were satisfied; as a result, we no longer issue awards that are
subject to TARP restrictions. 

 Restricted Stock Units 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Stock Salary was earned and accrued at the same time or
times as the salary would otherwise be paid in cash and is generally settled in
installments on the first, second or third anniversary of grant in accordance
with the terms of an employee’s award. Stock Salary grants were generally
issued in the form of fully vested RSUs and are settled in cash based on the
value of AIG  
 


 
  
   
   320 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 19. SHARE-BASED AND OTHER
COMPENSATION PLANS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Common Stock on the applicable
settlement date. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, we paid $42 million, $89 million
and $180 million, respectively, to settle awards. For those awards that
were vested and unsettled at the end of each year, we recognized charges of $2
million, $7 million and $73 million in compensation expense for the
years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, to reflect
fluctuations in the value of AIG Common Stock.  At December 31, 2015, the
number of vested but unsettled RSUs totaled 24,405, all of which were settled
in January 2016. 

 In addition, other TARP-related cash-settled RSU granted
and issued in March 2013 and 2012 remained unvested as follows:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number
  of Units 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   RSUs * 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,404,645 
   
  
 
   
      Granted 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Vested 
   
  
     
   
  
   (975,715) 
   
  
 
   
      Forfeited 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,972) 
   
  
 
   
   Unvested, end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   412,958 
   
  
 
   
   Net compensation expense for the year (in
  millions) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 


 * Total unrecognized compensation as
of December 31, 2015 is $1 million; the unvested RSUs will vest and settle in
March 2016.    

 Long
Term Incentive Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Certain employees were provided the opportunity to receive
additional compensation in the form of cash and cash-settled SARs under the
2011 LTIP award or 100 percent cash for the 2012 LTIP award if certain
performance measures were met.  The ultimate value of these awards was
contingent on AIG achieving performance measures over a two-year performance
period and such value could range from zero to twice the target amount.
Subsequent to the performance period, the earned awards were subject to an
additional time-vesting period. This resulted in a graded vesting schedule for
the cash portion of up to two years, while the SARs portion cliff-vests two
years after the end of performance period.    

 The cash portion of the awards expensed in 2015, 2014 and
2013 totaled approximately $19 million, $57 million and $249 million,
respectively.  All payments remaining under these awards were made in January
2016. 








 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Pension Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We offer various defined benefit plans to eligible
employees. 

 The U.S. AIG Retirement Plan (the qualified plan) is a
noncontributory defined benefit plan that is subject to the provisions of
ERISA. U.S. salaried employees who are employed by a participating company and
who have completed 12 months of continuous service are eligible to
participate in the plan. Effective April 1, 2012, the qualified plan was converted
to a cash balance formula comprised of pay credits based on six percent of a
plan participant’s annual compensation (subject to IRS limitations) and annual
interest credits. In addition, employees can take their vested benefits when
they leave AIG as a lump sum or an annuity option after completing at least
three years of service.  However, employees satisfying certain age and service
requirements (i.e. grandfathered employees) remain covered under the old plan
formula, which is based upon a percentage of final average compensation
multiplied by years of credited service, up to 44 years.  Grandfathered
employees will receive the higher of the benefits under the cash balance or
final average pay formula at retirement.  Non-U.S. defined benefit plans are
generally either based on the employee’s years of credited service and
compensation in the years preceding retirement or on points accumulated based
on the employee’s job grade and other factors during each year of service. 


 


 
  
   
   321 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 In the U.S. we also sponsor several
non-qualified unfunded defined benefit plans for certain employees, including
key executives, designed to supplement pension benefits provided by the
qualified plan.  These include the AIG Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan
(AIG NQRIP), which provides a benefit equal to the reduction in benefits under
the qualified plan as a result of federal tax limitations on compensation and
benefits payable, and the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP), which
provides additional retirement benefits to designated executives. Under the
SERP, an annual benefit accrues at a percentage of final average pay multiplied
by each year of credited service, not greater than 60 percent of final
average pay, reduced by any benefits from the current and any predecessor retirement
plans (including the AIG NQRIP), Social Security, and any benefits accrued
under a Company sponsored foreign deferred compensation plan.   

 Plan Freeze 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On August 27, 2015, we amended
the qualified plan, the AIG NQRIP and the SERP, to freeze benefit accruals
effective January 1, 2016. Consequently, these plans were closed to new
participants and current participants ceased earning additional benefits as of
December 31, 2015. However, interest credits continue to accrue on the existing
cash balance accounts and participants are continuing to accrue years of
service for purposes of vesting and early retirement eligibility and subsidies
as they continue to be employed by AIG. 

 Postretirement Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We also provide postretirement medical care and life
insurance benefits in the U.S. and in certain non-U.S. countries. Eligibility
in the various plans is generally based upon completion of a specified period
of eligible service and attaining a specified age. Overseas, benefits vary by
geographic location. 

 U.S. postretirement medical and
life insurance benefits are based upon the employee attaining the age of 55 and
having a minimum of ten years of service. Eligible employees who have medical
coverage can enroll in retiree medical upon termination of employment. Medical
benefits are contributory, while the life insurance benefits are generally
non-contributory. Retiree medical contributions vary from none for pre-1989
retirees to actual premium payments reduced by certain subsidies for post-1992
retirees. These contributions are subject to adjustment annually. Other cost
sharing features of the medical plan include deductibles, coinsurance and
Medicare coordination. Effective April 1, 2012, the retiree medical
employer subsidy for the AIG Postretirement plan was eliminated for employees
who were not grandfathered.  Additionally, new employees hired after December
31, 2012 are not eligible for retiree life insurance. 

 The following table
presents the funded status of the plans reconciled to the amount reported in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The measurement date for most of the non-U.S.
defined benefit pension and postretirement plans is November 30,
consistent with the fiscal year end of the sponsoring companies. For all other
plans, measurement occurs as of December 31. 

 
  
   
   As of or for the Years Ended 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement (a) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Change in projected benefit obligation: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Benefit obligation, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,882 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,072 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   217 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   52 
   
  
 
   
      Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Actuarial (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   (423) 
   
  
     
   
  
   780 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   114 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (285) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Plan amendment 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   322 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
   

 
  
   
      Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,146 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   208 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   229 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   75 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   64 
   
  
 
   
   Change in plan assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fair value of plan assets, beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   708 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   738 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Actual return on plan assets, net of
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      AIG contributions 
   
  
     
   
  
   558 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Benefits paid: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         AIG assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
         Plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (285) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Foreign exchange effect 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   (46) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   773 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   708 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Funded status, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (965) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (373) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (391) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recognized in the balance  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     sheet: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (965) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (419) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (437) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (965) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,658) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (373) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (391) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (208) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (229) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
 
   
   Pre-tax amounts recognized in Accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      other comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Net gain (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,324) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,667) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
 
   
      Prior service (cost) credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Total amounts recognized 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,324) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,467) 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (177) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (216) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
 


 (a) We do
not currently fund postretirement benefits. 

 (b) Includes
non-qualified unfunded plans of which the aggregate projected benefit
obligation was $299 million and $325 million for the U.S. and $199 million
and $295 million for the non-U.S. at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 The
following table presents the accumulated benefit obligations for U.S. and
non-U.S. pension benefit plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,601 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. pension benefit plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,109 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,040 
   
  
 


 Defined
benefit plan obligations in which the projected benefit obligation was in
excess of the related plan assets and the accumulated benefit obligation was in
excess of the related plan assets were as follows: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   PBO Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
   ABO Exceeds Fair Value of Plan Assets  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans  
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   999 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   843 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,769 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   912 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   757 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   896 
   
  
     
   
  
   746 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   889 
   
  
     
   
  
   740 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   497 
   
  
     
   
  
   329 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   323 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table presents the components of net periodic
benefit cost with respect to pensions and other postretirement benefits: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Components of net periodic benefit cost: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Service cost 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
      Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (295) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (288) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (257) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of prior service credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Amortization of net loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Curtailment (gain) loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   (179) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
      Settlement loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net periodic benefit cost 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   254 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in Accumulated other
  comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   143 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (793) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   823 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
   Total recognized in net periodic benefit
  cost and other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (915) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   569 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (94) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13 
   
  
 


 The estimated
net loss and prior service credit that will be amortized from Accumulated other
comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year
are $32 million and $1 million, respectively, for our combined
defined benefit pension plans. For the defined benefit postretirement plans,
the estimated amortization from Accumulated other comprehensive income for net
loss and prior service credit that will be amortized into net periodic benefit
cost over the next fiscal year is a $9 million credit in the aggregate. 

 At the end of 2015, we changed
the method used to measure interest costs for pension and postretirement
benefits for our U.S. plans and largest non-U.S. plans. Previously, we measured
interest costs utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from
the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligations. For 2016, interest
costs will be measured by applying the specific spot rates along the yield
curve to the plans’ corresponding discounted cash flows that comprise the
obligation (i.e., the Spot Rate Approach). The new method provides a more
precise measurement of interest costs by aligning the timing of the plans’
discounted cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve; the
measurement of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations is not
affected. We have accounted for this change as a change in accounting estimate,
which is applied prospectively. Consequently, combined estimated 2016 pension
expense for the AIG U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans under the
Spot Rate Approach is approximately $86 million, which is a $52 million
reduction when compared to the prior approach. 

  A 100 basis point increase in
the discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would decrease the 2016
expense by approximately $56 million and $45 million, respectively,
with all other items remaining the same. Conversely, a 100 basis point decrease
in the discount rate or expected long-term rate of return would increase the
2016 expense by approximately $71 million and $45 million,
respectively, with all other items remaining the same.    


 


 
  
   
   324 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Assumptions 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table summarizes the weighted average
assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   4.32 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   4.21 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.09 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.64 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.43 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discount rate 
   
  
   3.94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   3.78 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.04 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.40 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.29 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 (a)  The
non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the
local economic environments of each of the subsidiaries providing such
benefits. 

 (b)  Compensation
increases are no longer applicable due to the plan freeze that became effective
1/1/2016. 

 The
following table summarizes assumed health care cost trend rates for the U.S.
plans: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2015 
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Following year: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   6.79% 
   
  
   7.07% 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   6.64% 
   
  
   6.75% 
   
  
 
   
   Ultimate rate to which cost increase is assumed to decline 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
   4.50% 
   
  
 
   
   Year in which the ultimate trend rate is reached: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Medical (before age 65) 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
 
   
      Medical (age 65 and older) 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
   2027 
   
  
 


 A one
percent point change in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate would have the
following effect on our postretirement benefit obligations: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   One Percent 
   
  
     
   
  
   One Percent 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase  
   
  
     
   
  
   Decrease  
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. plans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 


 Our
postretirement plans provide benefits primarily in the form of defined employer
contributions rather than defined employer benefits. Changes in the assumed healthcare
cost trend rate have a minimal impact for U.S. plans because for post-1992
retirees, benefits are fixed dollar amounts based on service at retirement. Our
non-U.S. postretirement plans are not subject to caps. 


 


 
  
   
   325 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table presents
the weighted average assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit
costs: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Plans * 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   3.94 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.04 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.40 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.29 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.33 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   4.83 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.59 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.77 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   3.50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.89 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.34 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.93 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Discount rate 
   
  
   3.93 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.62 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.67 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Rate of compensation increase 
   
  
   4.00 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.86 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.55 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Expected return on assets 
   
  
   7.25 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.60 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   N/A 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 *    The non-U.S. plans reflect those
assumptions that were most appropriate for the local economic environments of
the subsidiaries providing such benefits. 

 Discount Rate Methodology 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The projected benefit cash flows under the U.S. AIG
Retirement Plan were discounted using the spot rates derived from the Mercer US
Pension Discount Yield Curve at December 31, 2015 and 2014, which resulted in a
single discount rate that would produce the same liability at the respective
measurement dates. The discount rates were 4.32 percent at December 31, 2015
and 3.95 percent at December 31, 2014. The methodology was consistently applied
for the respective years in determining the discount rates for the other U.S.
plans. 

 In general, the discount rates for non-U.S. pension plans
were developed based on the duration of liabilities on a plan by plan basis and
were selected by reference to high quality corporate bonds in developed markets
or local government bonds where developed markets are not as robust or are
nonexistent. 

 The projected benefit obligation for Japan represents
approximately 50 percent and 47 percent of the total projected benefit
obligations for our non-U.S. pension plans at December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. The weighted average discount rate of 0.99 percent at December
31, 2015 was selected by reference to the Mercer Yield Curve (Japan) based on
the duration of the plans’ liabilities. The weighted average discount rate of
1.22 percent at December 31, 2014 for Japan was selected by reference to
the AA rated corporate bonds reported by Rating and Investment
Information, Inc. based on the duration of the plans’ liabilities. 

 Plan Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The investment strategy with respect to assets relating to
our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans is designed to achieve investment returns
that will provide for the benefit obligations of the plans over the long
term, limit the risk of short-term funding shortfalls and maintain
liquidity sufficient to address cash needs. Accordingly, the asset allocation
strategy is designed to maximize the investment rate of return while managing
various risk factors, including but not limited to, volatility relative to the benefit
obligations, diversification and concentration, and the risk and rewards
profile applicable to each asset class.   

 There were no shares of AIG Common Stock included in the
U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans assets at December 31, 2015 or 2014. 


 


 
  
   
   326 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 U.S. Pension Plan 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The assets of the qualified plan are monitored by the
investment committee and actively managed by the investment managers, and
involves allocating the plan’s assets among approved asset classes within
ranges as permitted by the strategic allocation. The long-term strategic asset
allocation historically has been reviewed and revised approximately every three
years. Beginning in 2016, the investment strategy will focus on de-risking the
Plan via regular monitoring.  This will be implemented through liability
driven investing and the adoption of the glide path approach, where the glide
path defines the target allocation for the “Return-Seeking” portion of the portfolio
(i.e., growth assets) based on the funded ratio. Under this approach, the
allocation to growth assets is reduced and the allocation to liability-hedging
assets is increased as the Plan’s funded ratio increases in accordance with the
defined glide path.  

 The following table presents the asset allocation
percentage by major asset class for the U.S. qualified plan and the target
allocation for 2016 based on the plan’s funded status at December 31, 2015: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   55 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   41 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   28 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   24 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 For both 2015
and 2014, the expected long-term rate of return for the plan was
7.25 percent. The expected rate of return is an aggregation of expected
returns within each asset class category, weighted for the investment mix of
the assets. The combination of the expected asset return and any contributions
made by us are expected to maintain the plan’s ability to meet all required
benefit obligations. The expected asset return for each asset class was
developed based on an approach that considers key fundamental drivers of the
asset class returns in addition to historical returns, current market conditions,
asset volatility and the expectations for future market returns.  

 Non-U.S.
Pension Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The assets of the non-U.S. pension plans are held in various
trusts in multiple countries and are invested primarily in equities and fixed
maturity securities to maximize the long-term return on assets for a given
level of risk. 

 The following table presents the asset allocation
percentage by major asset class for Non-U.S. pension plans and the target
allocation: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Target 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
   Actual 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset class: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities 
   
  
   32 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   45 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   48 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   35 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Other investments 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
   100 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 The assets of
AIG’s Japan pension plans represent approximately 54 percent and 55 percent of
total non-U.S. assets at December 31, 2015 and 2014 respectively. The expected
long term rate of return was 1.71 percent and 1.24 percent, for 2015 and 2014,
respectively, and is evaluated by the Japanese Pension Investment Committee on
a quarterly and annual basis along with various investment managers, and is
revised to achieve the optimal allocation to meet targeted funding levels if
necessary. In addition, the funding policy is revised in accordance with local
regulation every five years. 


 


 
  
   
   327 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The expected weighted average
long-term rate of return for all our non-U.S. pension plans was 3.33 percent
and 2.93 percent for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
It is an aggregation of expected returns within each asset class that was
generally developed based on the building block approach that considers
historical returns, current market conditions, asset volatility and the
expectations for future market returns.  

 Assets Measured at Fair Value  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents information about our
plan assets and indicates the level of the fair value measurement based on the observability
of the inputs used.  The inputs and methodology used in determining the fair
value of these assets are consistent with those used to measure our assets as
discussed in Note 4 herein. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   U.S. Plans 
   
  
   Non-U.S.
  Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   239 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   239 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   924 
   
  
     
   
  
   388 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,312 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   315 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         International investment
  grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. and international
  high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other
  asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Other fixed maturity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investment types: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Hedge funds (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Futures 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Real Estate 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Private equity (g) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,427 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,662 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   270 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,359 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   343 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   335 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   773 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   80 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         International (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   787 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   788 
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   322 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   768 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   776 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         International investment
  grade (c) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. and international
  high yield (d) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Mortgage and other
  asset-backed  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            securities (e) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Other fixed maturity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other investment types: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Hedge funds (f) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   337 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Futures 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Private equity (g) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,724 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,111 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   356 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   279 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   328 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 (a) Includes
index funds that primarily track several indices including S&P 500 and
S&P Small Cap 600 as well as other actively managed accounts composed
of investments in large cap companies. 

 (b) Includes investments in companies in emerging and
developed markets. 

 (c)  Represents investments in U.S. and non-U.S. government
issued bonds, U.S. government agency or sponsored agency bonds, and investment
grade corporate bonds. 

 (d) Consists primarily of investments in securities or debt
obligations that have a rating below investment grade. 

 (e) Comprised primarily of investments in U.S. government
agency or U.S. government sponsored agency bonds. 

 (f)  Includes funds composed of macro, event driven,
long/short equity, and controlled risk hedge fund strategies and a separately
managed controlled risk strategy. 

 (g) Includes funds that are diverse by geography, investment
strategy, sector and vintage year. 

 The
inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not necessarily an
indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. Based on
our investment strategy, we had no significant concentrations of risks at
December 31, 2015. 

 The U.S. pension plan holds a group annuity contract with
U.S. Life, one of our subsidiaries, which totaled $23 million and $26 million
at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 

 Changes
in Level 3 fair value measurements 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents changes in our U.S. and
non-U.S. Level 3 plan assets measured at fair value: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   230 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   114 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (108) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   270 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   95 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Changes
  in 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  Gains 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   Realized
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Losses)
  on 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End 
   
  
     
   
  
   Instruments
  Held 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gains
  (Losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issuances 
   
  
     
   
  
   Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   In 
   
  
     
   
  
   Out 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   at
  End of year 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         U.S. investment grade 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
      Hedge funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   248 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   (104) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   228 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   292 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   106 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (157) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   272 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. Plan Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other fixed maturity securities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Insurance contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   329 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 20. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Transfers
of Level 1 and Level 2 Assets  

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Our policy is to record transfers of assets between
Level 1 and Level 2 at their fair values as of the end of each
reporting period, consistent with the date of the determination of fair value.
Assets are transferred out of Level 1 when they are no longer transacted
with sufficient frequency and volume in an active market. Conversely, assets
are transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 when transaction volume and
frequency are indicative of an active market. We had no transfers between
Level 1 and Level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014. 

 Transfers
of Level 3 Assets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We record transfers of assets into or out of Level 3 at
their fair values as of the end of each reporting period, consistent with the
date of the determination of fair value.  During the year ended December 31,
2015, we transferred certain investments in hedge funds into Level 3 as a
result of limited market activity due to fund-imposed redemption restrictions.  

 Expected Cash Flows 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Funding for the U.S. pension plan ranges from the minimum
amount required by ERISA to the maximum amount that would be deductible for
U.S. tax purposes. Contributed amounts in excess of the minimum amounts are
deemed voluntary. Amounts in excess of the maximum amount would be subject to
an excise tax and may not be deductible under the Internal Revenue Code. There
are no minimum required cash contributions in 2016 for the AIG Retirement
Plan.  SERP, AIG NQRIP, and postretirement plan payments are deductible when
paid to participants. 

 Our annual pension contribution in 2016 is expected to be
approximately $67 million for our U.S. and non-U.S. plans. These estimates
are subject to change, since contribution decisions are affected by various
factors including our liquidity, market performance and management’s discretion. 

 The expected future benefit payments, net of
participants’ contributions, with respect to the defined benefit pension plans
and other postretirement benefit plans, are as follows: 

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension  
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
   
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans 
   
  
 
   
   2016 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   759 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   323 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2019 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   2021-2025 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   282 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   83 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
 


 Defined Contribution Plans 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We sponsor several defined contribution plans for U.S.
employees that provide for pre-tax salary reduction contributions by employees.
The most significant plan is the AIG Incentive Savings Plan, for which the
Company’s matching contribution is 100 percent of the first six percent of a
participant’s contributions, subject to the IRS-imposed limitations. Our
pre-tax expenses associated with these plans were $166 million, $156 million
and $155 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013 respectively.  Effective January 1,
2016, we provide participants in the AIG Incentive Savings Plan an additional
fully vested, non-elective, non-discretionary Company contribution equal to 3
percent of the participant’s annual base compensation for the plan year, paid
each pay period regardless of whether the participant currently contributes to
the plan, and subject to the IRS-imposed limitations.    









 


 
  
   
   330 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 21. OWNERSHIP   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 21. OWNERSHIP 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 A Schedule 13G/A filed on February 10, 2016 reports aggregate
ownership of 80,762,613 shares, or approximately 6.5 percent (based on the AIG
Common Stock outstanding) of AIG Common Stock as of December 31, 2015, by
various subsidiaries of Blackrock, Inc.   

 A Schedule 13G/A filed on February 10, 2016 reports
aggregate ownership of 67,605,730 shares, or approximately 5.5 percent (based
on the AIG Common Stock outstanding) of AIG Common Stock as of December 31,
2015, by The Vanguard Group, Inc. and various subsidiaries thereof.   

 The calculation of ownership interest for purposes of the
AIG Tax Asset Protection Plan and Article 13 of our Restated Certificate of
Incorporation is different than beneficial ownership for Schedule 13G. 








 22. INCOME TAXES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents income (loss) from
continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) by U.S. and foreign
location in which such pre-tax income (loss) was earned or incurred. 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   U.S. 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,950 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,250 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,058 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,251 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents the income tax expense (benefit) attributable to
pre-tax income (loss) from continuing operations: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign and U.S. components of
  actual income tax expense: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Foreign: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   391 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   473 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   549 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   (442) 
   
  
 
   
      U.S.: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   429 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
 
   
         Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   122 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   360 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   331 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Our actual income tax (benefit) expense differs from the
statutory U.S. federal amount computed by applying the federal income tax rate due
to the following: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expense/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Pre-Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
   Income
  (Loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (Benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   U.S. federal income tax at statutory
  rate 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,524 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,518 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   35.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Adjustments: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Tax exempt interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (236) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (298) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Uncertain tax positions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (81) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   632 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Reclassifications from accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3.9) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-deductible transfer pricing  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   charges 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends received deduction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (72) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (75) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of foreign operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.8) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.6) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.1) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   State income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (0.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2.2) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effect of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33.3) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated total amounts 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   317.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.3 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts attributable to continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   360 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.8 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 For the year
ended December 31, 2015 ,  the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 32.3 percent. The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $195 million associated with tax exempt interest income, $127
million related to reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive
income to income from continuing operations related to the disposal of available
for sale securities, $58  million associated
with the effect of foreign operations , and
$109 million related to the partial completion of the Internal Revenue Service
examination covering tax year 2006, partially offset by $324 million of tax
charges and related interest associated with increases in uncertain tax
positions related to cross border financing transactions, and $110 million
related to increases in the deferred tax asset valuation allowances associated
with certain foreign jurisdictions.   

 For the year
ended December 31, 2015, our repatriation assumptions 
 related to certain European operations changed, and related foreign
earnings are now considered to be indefinitely reinvested. These earnings
relate to ongoing operations and have been reinvested in active non-U.S.
business operations. Further, we do not intend to   repatriate
these earnings to fund U.S. operations.  As a result, U.S. deferred taxes have
not been provided on $1.8 billion of accumulated earnings, including
accumulated other comprehensive income, of these non-U.S. affiliates.  Potential U.S. income tax liabilities related to such
earnings would be offset, in whole or in part, by allowable foreign tax credits
resulting from foreign taxes paid to foreign jurisdictions in which such
operations are located.  As a result, we currently believe that any
incremental U.S. income tax liabilities relating to indefinitely reinvested
foreign earnings would not be significant. 
Deferred taxes have been provided on earnings of non-U.S. affiliates whose
earnings are not indefinitely reinvested.  

 For the year
ended December 31, 2014, the effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations was 27.9 percent.  The effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations differs from the statutory tax rate of 35 percent primarily due to
tax benefits of $236 million  associated with
tax exempt interest income , $209 million  related to a decrease in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’
capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, 
$182 million  of income excludible from gross
income related to the  global
resolution of certain residential mortgage-related disputes  and  $68 million  associated with the effect of foreign operations. 


 


 
  
   
   332 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 For the year ended December 31, 2013, the effective tax
rate on income from continuing operations was 3.8 percent.  The effective tax
rate on income from continuing operations differs from the statutory tax rate
of 35 percent primarily due to tax benefits of $2.8 billion related to a
decrease in  the U.S. Life Insurance Companies’  capital loss carryforward valuation allowance, $396 million
related to a decrease in certain other valuation allowances associated with
foreign jurisdictions and $298 million associated with tax exempt interest
income.  These items were partially offset by charges of $632 million related
to uncertain tax positions.  

 The
following table presents the components of the net deferred tax assets
(liabilities): 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Losses and tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,680 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,203 
   
  
 
   
      Basis differences on investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,886 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,114 
   
  
 
   
      Life policy reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   353 
   
  
     
   
  
   629 
   
  
 
   
      Accruals not currently deductible, and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,804 
   
  
 
   
      Loss reserve discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,021 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,378 
   
  
 
   
      Loan loss and other reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   152 
   
  
 
   
      Unearned premium reserve reduction 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,269 
   
  
 
   
      Flight equipment, fixed assets and intangible assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
      Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
 
   
      Employee benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,543 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,340 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Investments in foreign subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
 
   
      Deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,467) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,003) 
   
  
 
   
      Unrealized gains related to available for sale debt
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,077) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,795) 
   
  
 
   
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,577) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,856) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,484 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,012) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,739) 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,957 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,745 
   
  
 


 The
following table presents our U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses and
credits carryforwards as of December 31, 2015. 

 
  
   
   December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expiration 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Effected 
   
  
     
   
  
   Periods 
   
  
 
   
   Net operating loss carryforwards 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,883 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   2028 - 2035 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign tax credit carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,853 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 - 2024 
   
  
 
   
   Other carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   Various 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses
  and credits  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   carryforwards on a tax return basis 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,600 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Unrecognized tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,523) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG U.S. consolidated income tax group tax losses
  and credits  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   carryforwards on a U.S. GAAP basis * 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,077 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


 * Includes
other carryforwards, e.g. general business credits, of $ 326  million on a U.S. GAAP
basis. 

 We
have U.S. federal consolidated net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
of approximately $17.1 billion, including $266 million of the foreign tax
credit carryforward originated in tax years 2006 and 2007. The carryforward
periods for 2006 and 2007 foreign tax credits expire in 2016 and 2017,
respectively. As detailed in the Assessment of Deferred Tax Asset Valuation
Allowance section of this footnote, we determined that it is more likely than not
that our U.S. federal consolidated tax attribute carryforwards will be realized
prior to their expiration. 

 
 


 
  
   
   333 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Assessment
of Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowance 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The evaluation of the recoverability of our deferred tax
asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive
and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not
that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The
weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be
objectively verified. The more negative evidence that exists, the more positive
evidence is necessary and the more difficult it is to support a conclusion that
a valuation allowance is not needed. 

 Our framework for assessing the recoverability of the
deferred tax asset requires us to consider all available evidence, including: 

 ·     
 the nature, frequency, and amount of cumulative financial
reporting income and losses in recent years; 

 ·     
 the sustainability of recent operating profitability of our
subsidiaries; 

 ·     
 the predictability of future operating profitability of the
character necessary to realize the net deferred tax asset; 

 ·     
 the carryforward period for the net operating loss, capital loss
and foreign tax credit carryforwards, including the effect of reversing taxable
temporary differences; and 

 ·     
 prudent and feasible actions and tax planning strategies that
would be implemented, if necessary, to protect against the loss of the deferred
tax asset. 

 In performing our assessment of the recoverability of the
deferred tax asset under this framework, we consider tax laws governing the
utilization of the net operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax credit
carryforwards in each applicable jurisdiction.  Under U.S. tax law, a
company generally must use its net operating loss carryforwards before it can
use its foreign tax credit carryforwards, even though the carryforward period
for the foreign tax credit is shorter than for the net operating loss. 
Our U.S. federal consolidated income tax group includes both life companies and
non-life companies.  While the U.S. taxable income of our non-life companies
can be offset by the net operating loss carryforwards, only a portion (no more
than 35 percent) of the U.S. taxable income of our life companies can be offset
by those net operating loss carryforwards.  The remaining tax liability of
our life companies can be offset by the foreign tax credit carryforwards. 
Accordingly, we utilize both the net operating loss and foreign tax credit
carryforwards concurrently which enables us to realize our tax attributes prior
to expiration. As of December 31, 2015, based on all available evidence, it is
more likely than not that the U.S. net operating loss and foreign tax credit
carryforwards will be utilized prior to expiration and, thus, no valuation
allowance has been established. 

 Estimates of future taxable income, including income
generated from prudent and feasible actions and tax planning strategies could
change in the near term, perhaps materially, which may require us to consider
any potential impact to our assessment of the recoverability of the deferred
tax asset. Such potential impact could be material to our consolidated financial
condition or results of operations for an individual reporting period. 

 For
the three months ended December 31, 2015, recent changes in market conditions,
including rising interest rates, impacted the unrealized tax losses in the U.S.
Life Insurance Companies’ available for sale portfolio, resulting in an
increase to the related deferred tax asset.  The deferred tax asset relates to
the unrealized losses for which the carryforward period has not yet begun, and as
such, when assessing its recoverability, we consider our ability and intent to
hold the underlying securities to recovery. As of December 31, 2015, based on
all available evidence, we concluded that a valuation allowance should be
established on a portion of the deferred tax asset related to unrealized losses
that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized.  

 For the year ended December 31, 2015, we established $1.2 billion
of valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax losses in the U.S.
Life Insurance Companies, all of which was allocated to other comprehensive
income.  

 During the year ended December 31, 2015, we recognized an
increase of $110 million in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance
associated with certain foreign jurisdictions, primarily attributable to factors
such as cumulative losses in recent years and the inability to demonstrate
profits within the specific jurisdictions over the relevant carryforward
periods. 


 


 
  
   
   334 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 The following table presents
the net deferred tax assets (liabilities) at December 31, 2015 and 2014 on a
U.S. GAAP basis: 

 
  
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Net U.S. consolidated return group
  deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   24,543 
   
  
 
   
   Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,806) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,510) 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,047 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,904 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,045 
   
  
 
   
   Valuation allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,731) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,610) 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
     
   
  
   435 
   
  
 
   
   Subtotal - Net U.S, foreign, state and
  local deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   20,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,339 
   
  
 
   
   Net foreign, state and local deferred tax
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (437) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (594) 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG net deferred tax assets
  (liabilities) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   19,957 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   18,745 
   
  
 


 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation
Allowance of U.S. Consolidated Income Tax Group 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, our U.S. consolidated income
tax group had net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance of $20.0
billion and $18.9 billion, respectively. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, our
U.S. consolidated income tax group had valuation allowances of $1.3 billion and
$129 million, respectively.  

 Deferred Tax Liability — Foreign, State and Local 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had net deferred tax
liabilities of $90 million and $159 million, respectively, related to foreign
subsidiaries, state and local tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic
subsidiaries that file separate tax returns. 

 At December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had deferred tax asset
valuation allowances of $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, related to
foreign subsidiaries, state and local tax jurisdictions, and certain domestic
subsidiaries that file separate tax returns. We maintained these valuation
allowances following our conclusion that we could not demonstrate that it was
more likely than not that the related deferred tax assets will be realized. 
This was primarily due to factors such as cumulative losses in recent years and
the inability to demonstrate profits within the specific jurisdictions over the
relevant carryforward periods.  

 Tax Examinations and Litigation 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return
with our eligible U.S. subsidiaries. Income earned by subsidiaries operating
outside the U.S. is taxed, and income tax expense is recorded, based on
applicable U.S. and foreign law. 

 The statute of limitations for all tax years prior to 2000
has expired for our consolidated federal income tax return. We are currently
under examination for the tax years 2000 through 2010. 

 On March 20, 2008, we received a Statutory Notice of
Deficiency (Notice) from the IRS for years 1997 to 1999. The Notice asserted
that we owe additional taxes and penalties for these years primarily due to the
disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with cross-border financing
transactions. The transactions that are the subject of the Notice extend beyond
the period covered by the Notice, and the IRS has administratively challenged
the later periods. The IRS has also administratively challenged other
cross-border transactions in later years. We have paid the assessed tax plus
interest and penalties for 1997 to 1999. On February 26, 2009, we filed a
complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New
York (Southern District) seeking a refund of approximately $306 million in
taxes, interest and penalties paid with respect to the 1997 taxable year. We
allege that the IRS improperly disallowed foreign tax credits and that our
taxable income should be reduced as a result of the 2005 restatement of our
consolidated financial statements.  


 


 
  
   
   335 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 We also filed an administrative
refund claim on September 9, 2010 for our 1998 and 1999 tax years.  

 On August 1, 2012, we filed a motion for partial summary
judgment related to the disallowance of foreign tax credits associated with
cross border financing transactions. On March 29, 2013, the Southern District
denied our motion. On March 17, 2014, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit (the Second Circuit) granted our petition for an immediate appeal of
the partial summary judgment decision. On September 9, 2015, the Second Circuit
affirmed the decision of the Southern District.  On October 13, 2015, we
filed a petition for a writ of certiorari to the U.S Supreme Court. If the U.S.
Supreme Court does not grant certiorari the case will be remanded back to the
Southern District for trial.  

 We will vigorously defend our position and continue to
believe that we have adequate reserves for any liability that could result from
these government actions. We continue to monitor legal and other developments
in this area and evaluate the effect, if any, on our position, including recent
decisions affecting other taxpayers. 

 Accounting For Uncertainty in Income Taxes 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following table presents a reconciliation of the
beginning and ending balances of the total amounts of gross unrecognized tax
benefits: 

 
  
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,385 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   680 
   
  
 
   
      Decreases in tax positions for prior years 
   
  
     
   
  
   (209) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (796) 
   
  
 
   
      Increases in tax positions for current year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
 
   
      Lapse in statute of limitations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
 
   
      Settlements 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
 
   
      Activity of discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
 
   
   Gross unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,331 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
 


 At December
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and
penalties, were $4.3 billion, $4.4 billion and $4.3 billion,
respectively.   The activity includes increases
for amounts associated with cross border financing transactions partially
offset by certain benefits realized due to the partial completion of the Internal
Revenue Service examination covering tax year 2006.  At December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our unrecognized tax
benefits related to tax positions that, if recognized, would not affect the
effective tax rate because they relate to such factors as the timing, rather
than the permissibility, of the deduction were $0.1 billion, $0.3 billion
and $0.1 billion, respectively.  Accordingly, at December 31, 2015, 2014
and 2013, the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would
favorably affect the effective tax rate were $4.2 billion, $4.1 billion
and $4.2 billion, respectively. 

 Interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in income tax
expense. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, we had accrued liabilities of $1.2 billion
and $1.1 billion, respectively for the payment of interest (net of the federal
benefit) and penalties. For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
we accrued expense of $156 million, $21 million and $142 million,
respectively, for the payment of interest (net of the federal benefit) and
penalties.  The interest increase from December
31, 2014 was primarily due to increases in amounts associated with cross border
financing transactions. 

 We regularly
evaluate adjustments proposed by taxing authorities. At December 31,  2015 , such proposed
adjustments would not have resulted in a material change to our consolidated
financial condition, although it is possible that the effect could be material
to our consolidated results of operations for an individual reporting period.
Although it is reasonably possible that a change in the balance of unrecognized
tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months, based on the information
currently available, we do not expect any change to be material to our consolidated
financial condition. 


 


 
  
   
   336 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 22. INCOME TAXES   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Listed below are the tax years that remain subject to
examination by major tax jurisdictions: 

 
  
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
   Open Tax
  Years  
   
  
 
   
   Major Tax Jurisdiction 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      United States 
   
  
   2000-2014 
   
  
 
   
      Australia 
   
  
   2011-2014 
   
  
 
   
      France 
   
  
   2013-2014 
   
  
 
   
      Japan 
   
  
            2009-2014 
   
  
 
   
      Korea 
   
  
            2010-2014 
   
  
 
   
      Singapore 
   
  
   2011-2014 
   
  
 
   
      United Kingdom 
   
  
   2013-2014 
   
  
 










 


 
  
   
   337 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 23. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 23. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL
INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Consolidated
Statements of Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
      
   
  
   Three Months Ended  
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   March 31,  
   
  
     
   
  
   June 30,  
   
  
     
   
  
   September 30,  
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31,  
   
  
 
   
   (dollars in millions, except per share
  data) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,975 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,163 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,699 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,136 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,822 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,697 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   13,831 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,410 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations before income taxes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,552 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   (115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,932) 
   
  
     
   
  
   729 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      operations, net of income taxes  
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   (197) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   675 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      continuing operations attributable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,468 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,609 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,800 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,073 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (231) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,192 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,841) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   655 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings (loss) per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      attributable to AIG common 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      shareholders: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.81 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.13 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.11 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.54 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.50) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.50 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.02 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from continuing 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.78 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.12 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.31 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2.08 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.17) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1.52 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1.50) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.49 
   
  
 
   
         Income (loss) from discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
            operations 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.01 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   0.02 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.01) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (0.03) 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average shares outstanding: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Basic 
   
  
   1,365,951,690 
   
  
   1,459,249,393 
   
  
   1,329,157,366 
   
  
   1,442,397,111 
   
  
   1,279,072,748 
   
  
   1,419,239,774 
   
  
   1,226,880,632 
   
  
   1,391,790,420 
   
  
 
   
      Diluted 
   
  
   1,386,263,549 
   
  
   1,472,510,813 
   
  
   1,365,390,431 
   
  
   1,464,676,330 
   
  
   1,279,072,748 
   
  
   1,442,067,842 
   
  
   1,226,880,632 
   
  
   1,412,162,456 
   
  
 
   
   Noteworthy quarterly items -  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      income (expense): 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other-than-temporary  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         impairments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (164) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (273) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
 
   
      Net (gain) loss on sale of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         divested businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   49 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
      Net gain (loss) on extinguishment of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
          debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (238) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (342) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (346) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (742) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,268) 
   
  
 
   
      Reserve strengthening charges 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,587 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Restructuring and other costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   222 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 * For the
three months ended December 31, 2015, we recorded out of period adjustments
related to prior periods that decreased Net income attributable to AIG by $193
million, decreased AIG’s Income from continuing operations before income taxes
by $308 million and decreased pre-tax operating income by $122 million.
 The out of period adjustments primarily related to impairments of Other
invested assets and changes in Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment
expenses and income tax liabilities.  Had these adjustments, which were
determined not to be material, been recorded in their appropriate periods, Net
income attributable to AIG for the three-month periods ended September 30,
2015, June 30, 2015 and March 31, 2015 would have decreased by $36 million,
increased by $15 million and decreased by $16 million, respectively.  Net
income attributable to AIG for the three-month periods ended December 31, 2014,
September 30, 2014, June 30, 2014 and March 31, 2014 would have increased by
$25 million, decreased by $61 million, increased by $13 million and decreased
by $28 million, respectively.  



 
  




 


 
  
   
   338 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED IN CONNECTION
WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 The following condensed consolidating financial statements
reflect the results of AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH), a holding company and a
wholly owned subsidiary of AIG. AIG provides a full and unconditional guarantee
of all outstanding debt of AIGLH. 

 Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group, Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
   (As Guarantor) 
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,637 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,547) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,132 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   320,797 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   328,222 
   
  
 
   
      Total
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,547) 
   
  
     
   
  
   338,354 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to
  subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   578 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36,505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Investment in consolidated subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81,390) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  assets, including deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   260 
   
  
     
   
  
   135,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   156,960 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,977 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   468,181 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (123,830) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,943 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271,645 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271,645 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,768 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,350 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities, including intercompany balances (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,869 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   99,777 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,109) 
   
  
     
   
  
   105,738 
   
  
 
   
      Loans
  from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   574 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,928 
   
  
     
   
  
   (36,505) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   910 
   
  
     
   
  
   416,118 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,614) 
   
  
     
   
  
   406,733 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81,216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   (81,216) 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,210 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,977 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   468,181 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (123,830) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   496,943 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   339 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        
  Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,078 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,231 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,243 
   
  
 
   
         Other
  investments (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   333,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   344,523 
   
  
 
   
      Total
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   339,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   355,766 
   
  
 
   
      Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to
  subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,070 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   779 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Investment in consolidated subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,850 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (98,661) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  assets, including deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,305 
   
  
     
   
  
   141,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,909) 
   
  
     
   
  
   158,057 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (141,485) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
  Insurance liabilities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   270,615 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   270,615 
   
  
 
   
     
  Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,207 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,217 
   
  
 
   
      Other
  liabilities, including intercompany balances (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   108,189 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,222) 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,477 
   
  
 
   
      Loans
  from subsidiaries (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31,849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   418,909 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,071) 
   
  
     
   
  
   408,309 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99,414) 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
 
   
   Non-redeemable
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   374 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,676 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99,414) 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,272 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,235 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,246 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   483,585 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (141,485) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   515,581 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes
intercompany derivative positions, which are reported at fair value before
credit valuation adjustment. 

 (b) Eliminated in
consolidation. 

 
 


 
  
   
   340 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,954 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,890) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   (714) 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,953 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,604) 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,327 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   (128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,281 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,009 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   (708) 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,046 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,281 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (73) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,059 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,198 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, net of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations
  attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,989 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,450 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,969) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (409) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,378) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,406 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   243 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,718 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   85 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,282 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   203 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,905 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   303 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   (342) 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,905 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,036) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,501 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,735) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (103) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,927 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,574 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (50) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Less: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) from continuing
  operations attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      noncontrolling interests: 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,665 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   341 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in earnings of consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,638 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,075 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,713) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   (312) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,125 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   67,698 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,025) 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,874 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Other interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,938 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
     
   
  
   (155) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,142 
   
  
 
   
      Loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   651 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   75 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,277 
   
  
     
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   56,713 
   
  
 
   
   Total expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,581 
   
  
     
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,506 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations
  before income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,711) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,368 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,012) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,454 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   360 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from continuing operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,687) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,008 
   
  
 
   
   Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations, net of income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,761 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,687) 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
 
   
   Less:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income from continuing operations
  attributable to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,754 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,687) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
 


 *    Eliminated
in consolidation. 

 
 


 
  
   
   342 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Comprehensive
Income (Loss) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,907 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,015 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,896) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,222 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,320 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,757 
   
  
     
   
  
   (57,083) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,086) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   (62,979) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,864) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,227 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58,752 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (62,979) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,660 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,984) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,524 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,895 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,013) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,781 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,113 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   12,900 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,013) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
 
   
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income (loss) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,761 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11,687) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,092 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,689) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,719) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,385 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,237) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
     
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   (302) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,855 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to
  noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive income (loss) attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (756) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,058 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (302) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   343 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Group, Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
   Other 
   
  
      
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in
  millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations * 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG  
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,443 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,314 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (4,992) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,877 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows
  from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,877) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72,616 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase
  of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,881) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (68,261) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65,265) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to
  subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
     
   
  
   (284) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Contributions to subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (565) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net
  change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,457 
   
  
 
   
      Net
  change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,137) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,334) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,509) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   (849) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,462 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows
  from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance
  of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,867 
   
  
 
   
     
  Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (114) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,187) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,805) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase
  of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
     
   
  
   284 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  dividends paid  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,178) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,814) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,992 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,707 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,228 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  (used in) financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,928) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,289) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,053) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,429) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (129) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at
  beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   91 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at
  end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   116 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,479 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,629 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,155 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (19,443) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,007 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows
  from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   66,104 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase
  of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,051) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59,099) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58,110) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to
  subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   (615) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Contributions to subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   296 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net
  change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (946) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,447) 
   
  
 
   
      Net
  change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,968 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,760 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (882) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,023) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  (used in) provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   (763) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,284 
   
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   344 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 
  
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance
  of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,687 
   
  
 
   
     
  Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (477) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,215) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,160) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (280) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (445) 
   
  
     
   
  
   615 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase
  of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  dividends paid to shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,358) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,085) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,821) 
   
  
     
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,701) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,753) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,115) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,788) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   (607) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at
  beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 
   
   Reclassification
  to assets held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at
  end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   91 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,758 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Year
  Ended December 31, 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  (used in) provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,422 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,488 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,385 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (12,430) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,865 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows
  from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales of
  investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,199) 
   
  
     
   
  
   77,094 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase
  of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,506) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (75,580) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,199 
   
  
     
   
  
   (77,887) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to
  subsidiaries – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,660 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   395 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,055) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
  Contributions to subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,081) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Net
  change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   751 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,244 
   
  
 
   
      Net
  change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,361 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,481 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,842 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,194) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  (used in) provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,591 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,973) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,099 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows
  from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance
  of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,235 
   
  
 
   
     
  Repayments of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (245) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,513) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,197) 
   
  
 
   
     
  Intercompany loans - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (123) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (273) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,659) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase
  of common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash
  dividends paid to shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,991) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,439) 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,430 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
 
   
      Other,
  net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (517) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,082) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,905) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  (used in) provided by financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,955) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,509) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,697) 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,403 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,758) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  exchange rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (92) 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at
  beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   997 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
 
   
   Change
  in cash of businesses held for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at
  end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   51 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,160 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,241 
   
  
 


 *    The
Other Subsidiaries and Reclassifications and Eliminations amounts were
disclosed together in prior periods. The new presentation had no impact on the
Consolidated AIG amounts. 

 
 


 
  
   
   345 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 24. INFORMATION PROVIDED
IN CONNECTION WITH OUTSTANDING DEBT   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 Supplementary Disclosure of Condensed Consolidating Cash
Flow Information 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   American 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   International 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reclassifications 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Group,
  Inc. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (As
  Guarantor) 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIGLH 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   Eliminations * 
   
  
     
   
  
   AIG 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2015 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (279) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,368) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (500) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (511) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   829 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (829) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2014 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,624) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,656) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,367) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (719) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (737) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the year
  ended December 31, 2013 for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,963) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,782) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (3,856) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (635) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (796) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (210) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 *     The Other Subsidiaries and
Reclassifications and Eliminations amounts were disclosed together in prior
periods. The new presentation had no impact on the Consolidated AIG amounts. 

 American International Group, Inc. (As Guarantor) supplementary
disclosure of non-cash activities: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
   Years
  Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and
  investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions to subsidiaries
  through forgiveness of loans 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   341 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends received in the form of
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Other capital contributions - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital * 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Non-cash  financing/investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Consideration received from sale of
  shares of AerCap 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 


 *    Includes
$4.8 billion return of capital from AIG Capital Corporation related to the sale
of ILFC. 



 
  



   


 


 
  
   
   346 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 Item 8 /  note 25. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


   


 
 25. Subsequent events 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Dividends Declared and Share Repurchase Authorization 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 On February 11, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a
cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of  $0.32 per share, payable on March 28,
2016, to shareholders of record on March 14, 2016.  

 On February 11, 2016, our Board of Directors   authorized an additional increase to the repurchase
authorization of AIG Common Stock of $5.0 billion, resulting in an aggregate
remaining authorization on such date of approximately $5.8 billion. 








 

   

 


 
  
   
   347 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Part II  

 


 

 ITEM 9 /  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 


 None. 

   

 

 ITEM 9A
/  CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES     

 


 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC
rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In connection with
the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was
carried out by AIG management, with the participation of AIG’s Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2015. Based on this evaluation, AIG’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2015. 

 Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 Management of AIG is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. AIG’s internal
control over financial reporting is a process, under the supervision of AIG’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of AIG’s financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over
financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 AIG management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 based
on the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control – Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO).  

 AIG management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2015,
our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the
criteria articulated in the 2013  Internal Control – Integrated Framework  issued
by the COSO.  The effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2015 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their
report, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 


 


 
  
   
   348 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 There have been no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting that have occurred during the quarter ended December 31,
2015 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 

   

 


 
  
   
   349 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Part III 

 


 

 ITEM 10 /  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

 


 All
information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Form 10-K
is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement for AIG’s 2016
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than
120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to
Regulation 14A. 

 

 ITEM 11 /  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 


 See Item 10 herein. 

 

 ITEM 12 /  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 


 See Item 10
herein. 

 

 ITEM 13 /  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 


 See
Item 10 herein. 

 

 ITEM 14 /  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES 

 


 See Item 10
herein. 

 

 Part IV 

 


 

 ITEM 15 /  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 


 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules. See
accompanying Index to Financial Statements.  

 (b) Exhibits.
See accompanying Exhibit Index.  

 
 


 
  
   
   350 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on
Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, on the 19th of February, 2016. 

                                                                                     AMERICAN
INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 

                                                                                     By                 /s/
PETER D. HANCOCK                              

                                                                                           (Peter
D. Hancock, President and Chief Executive Officer) 

 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose
signature appears below constitutes and appoints Peter D. Hancock and David L.
Herzog, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful
attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to sign
in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and
all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem
necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and
all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said
attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below
by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
indicated on the 19th of February, 2016. 

 

 
  
   
   Signature 
   
  
   Title 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                             /s/
  PETER D. HANCOCK                           
   
  
   President,
  Chief Executive Officer and Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Peter
  D. Hancock) 
   
  
   (Principal
  Executive Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                               /s/
  DAVID L. HERZOG                             
   
  
   Executive
  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
   
  
 
   
   (David
  L. Herzog) 
   
  
   (Principal
  Financial Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
                               /s/
  ELIAS F. HABAYEB                             
   
  
   Senior
  Vice President – Deputy Chief Financial Officer and Group Controller 
   
  
 
   
   (Elias
  F. Habayeb) 
   
  
   (Principal
  Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/
  W. DON CORNWELL 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (W.
  Don Cornwell) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/
  PETER R. FISHER 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Peter
  R. Fisher) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/
  JOHN H. FITZPATRICK 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (John
  H. Fitzpatrick) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/
  WILLIAM G. JURGENSEN 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (William
  G. Jurgensen) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                          /s/
  CHRISTOPHER S. LYNCH                        
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Christopher
  S. Lynch) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                           /s/
  GEORGE L. MILES, JR.                          
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (George
  L. Miles, Jr.) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 

 


   

 


 
  
   
   351 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
                               /s/
  HENRY S. MILLER                             
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Henry
  S. Miller) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                              /s/
  ROBERT S. MILLER                            
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Robert
  S. Miller) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                                  /s/
  LINDA A. MILLS                                
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Linda
  A. Mills) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                        /s/
  SUZANNE NORA JOHNSON                      
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Suzanne
  Nora Johnson) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                         /s/
  RONALD A. RITTENMEYER                       
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Ronald
  A. Rittenmeyer) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
                         /s/
  DOUGLAS M. STEENLAND                                                                      
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Douglas
  M. Steenland) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/
  THERESA M. STONE 
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
   (Theresa
  M. Stone) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 

 



 


 
  
   
   352 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 

 
  
   
   
   Exhibit 
  Number 
   

   
  
 
   Description 
   

   
  
 
   Location 
   

   
  
 
   
   2 
   
  
   Plan of acquisition,
  reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) Master Transaction
  Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2010, among AIG, ALICO
  Holdings LLC, AIA Aurora LLC, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York,
  the United States Department of the Treasury and the AIG Credit Facility
  Trust 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 2.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3 
   
  
   Articles of incorporation
  and by‑laws 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(i) 
   
  
   Amended and Restated
  Certificate of Incorporation of AIG 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  May 12, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   3(ii) 
   
  
   AIG By-laws, amended November
  16, 2015 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on November 16, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   4 
   
  
   Instruments defining the
  rights of security holders, including indentures 
   
  
   Certain instruments defining
  the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of AIG and its
  subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of
  Regulation S-K. AIG hereby undertakes to furnish to the Commission, upon
  request, copies of any such instruments. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) Credit Agreement,
  dated as of September 22, 2008, between AIG and Federal Reserve Bank of
  New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 99.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2) Warrant Agreement (including
  Form of Warrant), dated as of January 6, 2011, between AIG and Wells
  Fargo Bank, N.A., as Warrant Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8‑K filed with the
  SEC on January 7, 2011 (File No. 1‑8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3) Tax Asset Protection
  Plan, dated as of March 9, 2011, between AIG and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as
  Rights Agent, including as Exhibit A the forms of Rights Certificate and of
  Election to Exercise 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 9, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4) Amendment No. 1, dated
  as of January 8, 2014, to Tax Asset Protection Plan, between AIG and Wells
  Fargo Bank, National Association, as Rights Agent 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
  the SEC on January 8, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
   9 
   
  
   Voting Trust Agreement 
   
  
   None. 
   
  
 
   
   10 
   
  
   Material contracts  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (1) AIG Amended and
  Restated 1999 Stock Option Plan* 
   
  
   Filed as exhibit to AIG’s
  Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 4, 2003 (File No. 1-8787)
  and incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (2) Form of Stock Option
  Grant Agreement under the AIG Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Option Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10(a) to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended September 30, 2004 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (3) AIG Executive Deferred
  Compensation Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4(a) to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-101640). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (4) AIG Supplemental
  Incentive Savings Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 4(b) to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-101640). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (5) AIG Director Stock
  Plan* 
   
  
   Filed as an exhibit to
  AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement dated April 5, 2004 (File
  No. 1-8787) and incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  
 

 

   

 


 
  
   
   353 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
   (6)
  Amended and Restated American General Supplemental Thrift Plan (December 31,
  1998)* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to American General Corporation’s Annual
  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000 (File
  No. 1-7981). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (7) AIG Amended and
  Restated Executive Severance Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on September 26, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (8) Assurance Agreement,
  by AIG in favor of eligible employees, dated as of June 27, 2005,
  relating to certain obligations of Starr International Company, Inc.* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10(6) to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
  quarter ended March 31, 2005 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (9)
  Final Judgment and Consent with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
  including the related complaint, dated February 9, 2006 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K
  filed with the SEC on February 9, 2006 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (10)
  Agreement between the Attorney General of the State of New York and AIG and
  its Subsidiaries, dated January 18, 2006 
   
  
    Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
  with the SEC on February 9, 2006 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (11)
  AIG Amended and Restated 2007 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
  for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (12) AIG Form of Stock
  Option Award Agreement* 
   
  
    Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.A to AIG’s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
  No. 333-148148). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (13) AIG Amended and
  Restated Form of Non-Employee Director Deferred Stock Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.69 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
  ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (14)
  Memorandum of Understanding, dated November 25, 2009, between AIG,
  Maurice R. Greenberg, Howard I. Smith, C.V. Starr and Star
  International Company, Inc. 
   
  
   Incorporated
  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K
  filed with the SEC on November 25, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (15) Master Investment and
  Credit Agreement, dated as of November 25, 2008, among Maiden Lane
  III LLC, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, AIG and the Bank of New
  York Mellon 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 2, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (16) Asset Purchase
  Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2008, among the Sellers party
  thereto, AIF Securities Lending Corp., AIG, Maiden Lane II LLC and the
  Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on December 15, 2008 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (17) AIG Credit Facility
  Trust Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2009, among the Federal Reserve
  Bank of New York and Jill M. Considine, Chester B. Feldberg and Douglas L.
  Foshee, as Trustees 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on January 23, 2009 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (18) Third Amended and
  Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2015, among AIG, the
  subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase
  Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and each Several L/C Agent party thereto 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on November 5, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (19) American
  International Group, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement, dated April 12, 2010 (Filed No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (20) AIG Amended Form of 2010 Stock
  Incentive Plan DSU Award Agreement* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.14 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (21) Release and
  Restrictive Covenant Agreement between AIG and Peter Hancock* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 99.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC
  on February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
  
 

 


   


 


 
  
   
   354 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
   (22) Non-Competition
  and Non-Solicitation Agreement between AIG and Peter Hancock, dated
  February 8, 2010* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 99.4 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
  SEC on February 8, 2010 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (23) Letter Agreement,
  dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (24) Non-Solicitation
  and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin
  Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (25) Introductory Bonus
  Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin Hogan* 
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) AIG Non-Qualified
  Retirement Income Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (27) AIG Supplemental Executive
  Retirement Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) American General
  Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to American General Corporation’s Quarterly Report on Form
  10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998 (File No. 1-7981). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29) Amendment Number One
  to the American General Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.73 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) Amendment Number Two
  to the American General Corporation’ Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.74 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) Master Transaction
  Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2011, by and among American Home Assurance Company,
  Chartis Casualty Company (f/k/a American International South Insurance
  Company), Chartis Property Casualty Company (f/k/a AIG Casualty Company),
  Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company,
  Illinois National Insurance Co., National Union Fire Insurance Company of
  Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company, The Insurance Company of
  the State of Pennsylvania, Chartis Select Insurance Company (f/k/a AIG Excess
  Liability Insurance Company Ltd.), Chartis Specialty Insurance Company (f/k/a
  American International Specialty Lines Insurance Company), Landmark Insurance
  Company, Lexington Insurance Company, AIU Insurance Company, American
  International Reinsurance Company, Ltd. and American Home Assurance Company,
  National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire
  Insurance Company and Chartis Overseas Limited acting as members of the
  Chartis Overseas Association as respects business written or assumed by or
  from affiliated companies of Chartis Inc. (collectively, the Reinsureds),
  Eaglestone Reinsurance Company and National Indemnity Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.6 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   355 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32) Amended and Restated
  Unconditional Capital Maintenance Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2014,
  between American International Group, Inc. and AGC Life Insurance Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.58 to AIG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
  December 31, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) Unconditional
  Capital Maintenance Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2013, between American
  International Group, Inc. and United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.7 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  June 30, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) Side Letter, dated
  as of August 1, 2014, to Unconditional Capital Maintenance Agreement, dated
  as of July 1, 2013, between AIG and United Guaranty Residential Insurance
  Company 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  June 30, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (35) AIG 2013 Long-Term
  Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (36) Form of 2013
  Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (37) Form of 2015
  Performance Share Units Award Agreement* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) AIG Clawback Policy* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) AIG 2013 Short-Term
  Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) Form of 2013
  Short-Term Incentive Plan Award Letter* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.5 of AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (41) AIG Annual Short-Term
  Incentive Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) AIG 2013 Omnibus
  Incentive Plan* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Appendix B in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated
  April 4, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) Description of
  Non-Management Director Compensation* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to “Compensation of Directors” in AIG’s Definitive Proxy Statement on
  Schedule 14A, dated March 30, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) AIG 2012 Executive Severance
  Plan (as amended)* 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.3 of AIG’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
  September 30, 2014 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (45) Revolving Credit
  Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2013 by and among AIG, AerCap Ireland
  Capital Limited, AerCap Holdings N.V., AerCap Ireland Limited and certain
  subsidiaries of AerCap Holdings N.V., as guarantors 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incorporated by reference
  to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
  December 16, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). 
   
    
  
 
   
   11 
   
  
   Statement re: Computation
  of Per Share Earnings 
   
  
   Included in Note 19
  to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
 
   
   12 
   
  
   Computation of Ratios of
  Earnings to Fixed Charges 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   21 
   
  
   Subsidiaries of Registrant 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   23 
   
  
   Consent of Independent
  Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   24 
   
  
   Powers of attorney 
   
  
   Included on signature page
  and filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   31 
   
  
   Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
  Certifications 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   32 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certifications** 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
 


   


 


 
  
   
   356 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
   99.02 
   
  
   Securities Registered
  pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 
   
  
   Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
   
   101 
   
  
   Interactive data files
  pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated
  Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014,
  (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three years ended
  December 31, 2015, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity for
  the three years ended December 31, 2015, (iv) the Consolidated
  Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2015,
  (v) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the
  three years ended December 31, 2015 and (vi) the Notes to the
  Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  
    Filed herewith. 
   
  
 
     
    
    
  
 


   

 *    This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory
plan or arrangement. 

 **   This information is furnished and not filed for purposes
of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

 
 


 
  
   
   357 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Summary of Investments — Other than Investments in Related
Parties 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule I 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
  at 
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   which
  shown in 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair
  Value  
   
  
     
   
  
   the Balance Sheet
   
   
  
 
   
   Fixed maturities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      U.S. government and government
  sponsored entities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,066 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,212 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,212 
   
  
 
   
      Obligations of states, municipalities
  and political subdivisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,399 
   
  
 
   
      Non-U.S. governments 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,245 
   
  
 
   
      Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,646 
   
  
 
   
      All other corporate debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   117,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   119,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   119,377 
   
  
 
   
      Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and
  collateralized 
   
  
     
   
  
   73,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,148 
   
  
 
   
   Total fixed maturity securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   257,752 
   
  
     
   
  
   265,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   265,027 
   
  
 
   
   Equity securities and mutual funds: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Common stock: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         Public utilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
         Banks, trust and insurance
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,835 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,835 
   
  
 
   
         Industrial, miscellaneous and all
  other 
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
 
   
      Total common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,322 
   
  
 
   
      Preferred stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
 
   
      Mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   447 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
 
   
   Total equity securities and mutual funds 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,836 
   
  
 
   
   Mortgage and other loans receivable, net
  of allowance 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,344 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,565 
   
  
 
   
   Other invested assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,155 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,067 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,794 
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments, at cost
  (approximates fair value) 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,132 
   
  
 
   
   Derivative assets (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,309 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   330,213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339,715 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   339,663 
   
  
 


 (a) Original cost of equity securities and fixed maturities
is reduced by other-than-temporary impairment charges, and, as to fixed maturity
securities, reduced by repayments and adjusted for amortization of premiums or
accretion of discounts. 

 (b) The balance is
reported in Other Assets. 


 


 
  
   
   358 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant 
   
  
 
   
   Balance Sheets — Parent Company
  Only 
   
  
 


    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
 
   
   Assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Short-term investments 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,042 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,078 
   
  
 
   
   Other investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,425 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,415 
   
  
 
   
   Total investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,493 
   
  
 
   
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
 
   
   Loans to subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,070 
   
  
 
   
   Due from affiliates - net * 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,561 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax receivable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,234 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,309 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,811 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   633 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,965 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,977 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,235 
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Due to affiliate * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,059 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany tax payable * 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,916 
   
  
     
   
  
   343 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and bonds payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,136 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,821 
   
  
 
   
   Junior subordinated debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,466 
   
  
 
   
   MIP notes payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,870 
   
  
 
   
   Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
   Loans from subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   574 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities (includes intercompany
  derivative liabilities of $144 in 2015 and $275 in 2014) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,885 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,853 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,319 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,337 
   
  
 
   
   AIG Shareholders’ equity: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Treasury stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30,098) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19,218) 
   
  
 
   
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   81,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,958 
   
  
 
   
   Retained earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,775 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,537 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,617 
   
  
 
   
   Total AIG shareholders’ equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   106,898 
   
  
 
   
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   121,977 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   135,235 
   
  
 


 *    Eliminated in consolidation. 

 See Accompanying
Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 


 


 
  
   
   359 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Income — Parent
  Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Equity in undistributed net income
  (loss) of consolidated subsidiaries * 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,929) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,573) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (2,226) 
   
  
 
   
      Dividend income from consolidated
  subsidiaries * 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,883 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,023 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,864 
   
  
 
   
      Interest income 
   
  
     
   
  
   342 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   387 
   
  
 
   
      Net realized capital gains (losses) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (587) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
 
   
      Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   931 
   
  
 
   
   Expenses: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,938 
   
  
 
   
      Net loss on extinguishment of debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   703 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,248 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
 
   
      Other expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,520 
   
  
 
   
   Income from continuing operations before
  income tax expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,807 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,087 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax benefit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,086) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,735) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,012) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,198 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,099 
   
  
 
   
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
   Net income attributable to AIG Parent
  Company 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
 
   
   *   Eliminated in consolidation. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See Accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant. 
   
  
 


   

 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Comprehensive
  Income — Parent Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,196 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,529 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,085 
   
  
 
   
   Other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,080) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,214) 
   
  
 
   
   Total comprehensive income attributable
  to AIG 
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (5,884) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,786 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,871 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant 
   
  
 



 


 
  
   
   360 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 
  
   
   Condensed Financial Information of
  Registrant  (Continued)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Statements of Cash Flows — Parent
  Company Only 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,443 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,316 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,422 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Sales and maturities of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,074 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,881) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,051) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,506) 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in restricted cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
 
   
      Net change in short-term investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,361 
   
  
 
   
      Contributions to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   (148) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,081) 
   
  
 
   
      Payments received on mortgages and
  other loan receivables 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
 
   
      Loans to subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
     
   
  
   446 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,660 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (175) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (141) 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,433 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Issuance of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,015 
   
  
 
   
      Repayment of long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,504) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14,468) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,439) 
   
  
 
   
      Cash dividends paid 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,028) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (712) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
 
   
      Loans from subsidiaries - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (201) 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   (123) 
   
  
 
   
      Purchase of Common Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,691) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (597) 
   
  
 
   
      Other, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (517) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash used in financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,928) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,753) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,955) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (51) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
 
   
   Cash at end of year 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Supplementary
  disclosure of cash flow information: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Cash (paid) received during the period
  for: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Interest: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Third party 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,030) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,624) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (1,963) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
   Taxes: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Income tax authorities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (161) 
   
  
 
   
      Intercompany 
   
  
     
   
  
   829 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   288 
   
  
 
   
   Intercompany non-cash financing and
  investing activities: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Capital contributions to subsidiaries
  through forgiveness of loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
 
   
      Other capital contributions - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,457 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
 
   
      Return of capital *  
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Dividends received in the form of
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   See Accompanying Notes to Condensed
  Financial Information of Registrant. 
   
  
 
   
   *   Includes $4.8 billion return of
  capital from AIG Capital Corporation related to the sale of ILFC. 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   361 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant 

 
  
   
     
   
  
 


 American International Group, Inc.’s (the Registrant)
investments in consolidated subsidiaries are stated at cost plus equity in
undistributed income of consolidated subsidiaries. The accompanying condensed
financial statements of the Registrant should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of American International
Group, Inc. and subsidiaries included in the Registrant’s 2015 Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (2015 Annual
Report on Form 10-K) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
February 19, 2016. 

 The Registrant includes in its Statement of Income dividends
from its subsidiaries and equity in undistributed income (loss) of consolidated
subsidiaries, which represents the net income (loss) of each of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. 

 Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to
conform to the current period presentation. 

 The five-year debt maturity schedule is incorporated by
reference from Note 14 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 The Registrant files a consolidated federal income tax
return with certain subsidiaries and acts as an agent for the consolidated tax
group when making payments to the Internal Revenue Service. The Registrant and
its subsidiaries have adopted, pursuant to a written agreement, a method of
allocating consolidated Federal income taxes. Amounts allocated to the
subsidiaries under the written agreement are included in Due from affiliates in
the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets. 

 Income taxes in the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets
are composed of the Registrant’s current and deferred tax assets, the
consolidated group’s current income tax receivable, deferred taxes related to
tax attribute carryforwards of AIG’s U.S. consolidated income tax group and a
valuation allowance to reduce the consolidated deferred tax asset to an amount
more likely than not to be realized. See Note 22 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information. 

 The consolidated U.S. deferred tax asset for net operating
loss, capital loss and tax credit carryforwards and valuation allowance are
recorded by the Parent Company, which files the consolidated U.S. Federal
income tax return, and are not allocated to its subsidiaries. Generally, as,
and if, the consolidated net operating losses and other tax attribute
carryforwards are utilized, the intercompany tax balance will be settled with
the subsidiaries. 

 
 


 
  
   
   362 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Supplementary Insurance Information 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule III 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2015 and 2014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Liability 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   for
  Unpaid 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unearned 
   
  
     
   
  
   Contract 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
   Claims 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,631 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   69,213 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,961 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   851 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   357 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   11,115 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   118,527 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,318 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   862 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,551 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   77,839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,325 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
      Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,827 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   120,009 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,324 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   829 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
  2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Losses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amortization 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
  Loss 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  Deferred 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Policy 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Incurred, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Acquisition 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operating 
   
  
     
   
  
   Premiums 
   
  
 
   
   Segment  (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Fees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Written (b) 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,720 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,474 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20,425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,342 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,775 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,486 
   
  
 
   
      Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,642 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,322 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,887 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,580 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
   257 
   
  
     
   
  
   860 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   14,053 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   35,076 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,236 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,788 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,408 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,393 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,985 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,512 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,044 
   
  
 
   
      Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,149 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,759 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,412 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   604 
   
  
     
   
  
   915 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,869 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   16,079 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   32,049 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,330 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,887 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Commercial Insurance 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   22,209 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   6,653 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   17,415 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,418 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,049 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   21,928 
   
  
 
   
      Consumer Insurance 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,554 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,700 
   
  
 
   
      Corporate and Other (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   76 
   
  
     
   
  
   (195) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,546 
   
  
     
   
  
   (97) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,839 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   15,810 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,395 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5,157 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,883 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,628 
   
  
 


 (a) Includes consolidation and elimination entries. 

 (b) Balances
reflect the segment changes discussed in Note 3 – Segment Information to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

 
 


 
  
   
   363 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Reinsurance 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule IV 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   At December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the
  years then ended 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Percent
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Ceded
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   from
  Other 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Assumed 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Amount
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Companies
   
   
  
     
   
  
   Net
  Amount  
   
  
     
   
  
   to
  Net  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,051,571 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   177,025 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   372 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   874,918 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,698 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   7,604 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,972 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   33,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,227 
   
  
     
   
  
   756 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,478 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   42,931 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,360 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   2,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,550 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1,033,281 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   180,178 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   410 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   853,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,375 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,318 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,399 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,398 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,425 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   8,979 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3,419 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   37,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-duration insurance in force 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   946,743 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   122,012 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   427 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   825,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Premiums: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Non-Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   39,833 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9,514 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,306 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.4 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 
   
   Life Insurance Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,142 
   
  
     
   
  
   620 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Run-off insurance lines 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   43,984 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   10,134 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   4,319 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   38,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.3 
   
  
   % 
   
  
 


 
 


 
  
   
   364 
   
  
 


   


 
 

 


   

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   


 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Schedule V 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Additions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charged
  to 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Activity
  of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Beginning 
   
  
     
   
  
   Costs
  and 
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Discontinued 
   
  
     
   
  
   Divested 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Balance, 
   
  
 
   
   (in millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   of
  year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Charge
  Offs 
   
  
     
   
  
   Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   Businesses 
   
  
     
   
  
   Changes * 
   
  
     
   
  
   End
  of year 
   
  
 
   
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   58 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (29) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   308 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (120) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
     
   
  
   333 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   272 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   110 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,012 
   
  
 
   
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (8) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (68) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   271 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   560 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   258 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
     
   
  
   (181) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,676) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
 
   
   2013 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for mortgage and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
        other loans receivable 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   405 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   20 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (116) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   $ 
   
  
   312 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for premiums and  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         insurances balances receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   (74) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
     
   
  
   560 
   
  
 
   
      Allowance for reinsurance assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   338 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
 
   
      Federal and foreign valuation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
         allowance for deferred tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,165) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,235) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,596 
   
  
 


 *    Includes recoveries of amounts previously charged off
and reclassifications to/from other accounts. 




 


 
  
   
   365 
   
  
 


   


 
 
 
 
