
 10-K
 1
 xom10k2017.htm
 FORM 10-K
 

 

 
 





  

 

 


   


 
   

 2017  

 

   

 


 

   

 


 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON,
 D.C. 20549  

 

   

 


 FORM 10-K  

  ☑      ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2017  

 or  

  ☐      TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF  

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

 For the transition period from
              
to
              
 

 Commission File Number 1-2256  

 EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   NEW JERSEY 
   
  
   13-5409005 
   
  
 
   
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
   incorporation or organization) 
   
  
   (I.R.S. Employer 
   Identification Number) 
   
  
 


 


 5959 LAS COLINAS BOULEVARD, IRVING, TEXAS 75039-2298  

 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)  

 (972) 940-6000  

 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)  

 

   

 


 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the
Act:  

   

 

 
  
   
      
    
  
      
    
  
 
   
    Title of Each Class 
    
  
    Name of Each Exchange 
    on Which Registered 
    
  
 
   
   Common Stock, without par value (4,237,462,159 shares
  outstanding at January 31, 2018) 
   
  
     New York Stock 
  Exchange 
   
  
 


 


 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes     ☑      No    ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes    ☐     No    ☑     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  
  ☑      No    ☐     

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405
of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes     ☑      No    ☐  

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    ☑     

 Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth
company.  See the definitions of "large accelerated filer,"
"accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

   

 

 
  
   
   Large accelerated
  filer 
   
  
   ☑ 
   
  
   Accelerated filer 
   
  
   ☐    
   
  
 
   
   Non-accelerated filer 
   
  
   ☐ 
   
  
   Smaller reporting
  company 
   
  
   ☐ 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Emerging growth
  company 
   
  
   ☐ 
   
  
 


 


 If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use
the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.     ☐  

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes    ☐      No    ☑     

 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by
non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2017, the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the
closing price on that date of $80.73 on the New York Stock Exchange composite
tape, was in excess of $342 billion.  

 Documents Incorporated by Reference:  Proxy
Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (Part III)  

   

 

   

 


 

   

 










 


   


 
 

 


   


 
  

  EXXON
MOBIL CORPORATION  

 FORM
10-K  

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2017  

 TABLE OF CONTENTS  

   

 

 
  
   
      
    
  
      
    
  
 
   
   PART I 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1. 
   
  
   Business 
   
  
              1   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1A. 
   
  
   Risk Factors 
   
  
              2   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 1B. 
   
  
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
  
              4   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 2. 
   
  
   Properties 
   
  
              5   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 3. 
   
  
   Legal Proceedings 
   
  
            26   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 4. 
   
  
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
  
            26   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Executive Officers of the Registrant [pursuant to
  Instruction 3 to Regulation S-K, Item 401(b)] 
   
  
            27   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   
   PART II 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 5. 
   
  
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
  Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
  
            30   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 6. 
   
  
   Selected Financial Data 
   
  
            30   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 7. 
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Condition and Results of Operations 
   
  
            30   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 7A. 
   
  
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
  Market Risk 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 8. 
   
  
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9. 
   
  
   Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on
  Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9A. 
   
  
   Controls and Procedures 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 9B. 
   
  
   Other Information 
   
  
            31   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
   
   PART III 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 10. 
   
  
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
  Governance 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 11. 
   
  
   Executive Compensation 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 12. 
   
  
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
  Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
  
            32    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 13. 
   
  
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
  Director Independence 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 14. 
   
  
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   PART IV 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 15. 
   
  
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Item 16. 
   
  
   Form 10-K Summary 
   
  
            33    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Financial Section 
   
  
            34    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Index to Exhibits 
   
  
         120    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Signatures 
   
  
         121    
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exhibit 12 — Computation of Ratio of Earnings to
  Fixed Charges 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exhibit 18 — Preferability Letter 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exhibits 31 and 32 — Certifications 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 










 


   


 
 

 


   


 
  
  

 PART I 

 ITEM 1.       BUSINESS  

 Exxon Mobil Corporation was incorporated in the State of
New Jersey in 1882. Divisions and affiliated companies of ExxonMobil operate or
market products in the United States and most other countries of the world.
Their principal business is energy, involving exploration for, and production
of, crude oil and natural gas, manufacture of petroleum products and
transportation and sale of crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products.
ExxonMobil is a major manufacturer and marketer of commodity petrochemicals,
including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics and a
wide variety of specialty products. Affiliates of ExxonMobil conduct extensive
research programs in support of these businesses.  

 Exxon Mobil Corporation has several divisions and hundreds
of affiliates, many with names that include  ExxonMobil ,  Exxon ,  Esso,
Mobil  or  XTO . For convenience and simplicity, in this report the
terms  ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso, Mobil  and  XTO , as well as terms
like  Corporation ,  Company ,  our ,  we   and  its ,
are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or groups
of affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context in question.  

 The energy and petrochemical industries are highly
competitive. There is competition within the industries and also with other
industries in supplying the energy, fuel and chemical needs of both industrial
and individual consumers. The Corporation competes with other firms in the sale
or purchase of needed goods and services in many national and international
markets and employs all methods of competition which are lawful and appropriate
for such purposes.  

 Operating data and industry segment information for the
Corporation are contained in the Financial Section of this report under the
following: “Quarterly Information”, “Note 18: Disclosures about Segments
and Related Information” and “Operating Information”. Information on oil and
gas reserves is contained in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the “Supplemental
Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of
the Financial Section of this report. 

 ExxonMobil has a long‑standing commitment to the
development of proprietary technology. We have a wide array of research
programs designed to meet the needs identified in each of our business segments.
Information on Company‑sponsored research and development spending is
contained in “Note 3: Miscellaneous Financial Information” of the
Financial Section of this report. ExxonMobil held over 12 thousand active
patents worldwide at the end of 2017. For technology licensed to third parties,
revenues totaled approximately $89 million in 2017. Although technology is
an important contributor to the overall operations and results of our Company,
the profitability of each business segment is not dependent on any individual
patent, trade secret, trademark, license, franchise or concession. 

 The number of regular employees was 69.6 thousand,
71.1 thousand, and 73.5 thousand at years ended 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Regular employees are defined as active executive, management,
professional, technical and wage employees who work full time or part time for
the Corporation and are covered by the Corporation’s benefit plans and
programs. Regular employees do not include employees of the company‑operated
retail sites (CORS). The number of CORS employees was 1.6 thousand,
1.6 thousand, and 2.1 thousand at years ended 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

 Throughout ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing
measures are taken to prevent and minimize the impact of our operations on
air, water and ground. These include a significant investment in refining
infrastructure and technology to manufacture clean fuels, as well
as projects to monitor and reduce nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxide and
greenhouse gas emissions, and expenditures for asset retirement obligations.
Using definitions and guidelines established by the American Petroleum
Institute, ExxonMobil’s 2017 worldwide environmental expenditures for all such
preventative and remediation steps, including ExxonMobil’s share of equity
company expenditures, were $4.7 billion, of which $3.3 billion were
included in expenses with the remainder in capital expenditures. The total cost
for such activities is expected to increase to approximately $5 billion in
2018 and 2019. Capital expenditures are expected to account for approximately
30 percent of the total.  

 Information concerning the source and availability of raw
materials used in the Corporation’s business, the extent of seasonality in the
business, the possibility of renegotiation of profits or termination of
contracts at the election of governments and risks attendant to foreign operations
may be found in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 2. Properties” in this
report.  

 ExxonMobil maintains a website at exxonmobil.com. Our
annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are made
available through our website as soon as reasonably practical after we
electronically file or furnish the reports to the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). Also available on the Corporation’s website are the Company’s
Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, as
well as the charters of the audit, compensation and nominating committees of
the Board of Directors. Information on our website is not incorporated into
this report. 


 


 1   


 
 

 


   


 
 ITEM 1A.       RISK FACTORS

 ExxonMobil’s financial and operating
results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, and
petrochemical businesses. Many of these risk factors are not within the
Company’s control and could adversely affect our business, our financial and
operating results, or our financial condition. These risk factors include:  

   

 Supply and Demand  

 The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses are
fundamentally commodity businesses. This means ExxonMobil’s operations and
earnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil, gas, and
petrochemical prices and by changes in margins on refined products. Oil, gas,
petrochemical, and product prices and margins in turn depend on local, regional,
and global events or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant
commodity. Any material decline in oil or natural gas prices could have a
material adverse effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially in
the Upstream segment, financial condition, and proved reserves. On the other
hand, a material increase in oil or natural gas prices could have a material
adverse effect on certain of the Company’s operations, especially in the
Downstream and Chemical segments. 

 Economic conditions.  The demand for energy and petrochemicals is generally linked closely
with broad-based economic activities and levels of prosperity. The occurrence
of recessions or other periods of low or negative economic growth will
typically have a direct adverse impact on our results. Other factors that
affect general economic conditions in the world or in a major region, such as
changes in population growth rates, periods of civil unrest, government
austerity programs, or currency exchange rate fluctuations, can also impact the
demand for energy and petrochemicals. Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults,
inability to access debt markets due to credit or legal constraints, liquidity
crises, the breakup or restructuring of fiscal, monetary, or political systems
such as the European Union, and other events or conditions that impair the
functioning of financial markets and institutions also pose risks to
ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety of our financial assets and to the
ability of our partners and customers to fulfill their commitments to
ExxonMobil.  

 Other demand-related factors.  Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gas,
and petrochemicals, and therefore impact our results, include technological
improvements in energy efficiency; seasonal weather patterns, which affect the
demand for energy associated with heating and cooling; increased
competitiveness of alternative energy sources that have so far generally not
been competitive with oil and gas without the benefit of government subsidies
or mandates; changes in technology or consumer preferences that alter fuel
choices, such as technological advances in energy storage that make wind and
solar more competitive for power generation or increased consumer demand for alternative
fueled or electric vehicles; and broad-based changes in personal income levels.
 

 Other supply-related factors.  Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on a
number of factors affecting supply. For example, increased supply from the
development of new oil and gas supply sources and technologies to enhance
recovery from existing sources tend to reduce commodity prices to the extent
such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand.
Similarly, increases in industry refining or petrochemical manufacturing
capacity relative to demand tend to reduce margins on the affected products.
World oil, gas, and petrochemical supply levels can also be affected by factors
that reduce available supplies, such as adherence by member countries to OPEC
production quotas and the occurrence of wars, hostile actions, natural
disasters, disruptions in competitors’ operations, or unexpected unavailability
of distribution channels that may disrupt supplies. Technological change can
also alter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil
and gas and to manufacture petrochemicals.  

 Other market factors.  ExxonMobil’s business results are also exposed to
potential negative impacts due to changes in interest rates, inflation,
currency exchange rates, and other local or regional market conditions.  

   

 Government and Political Factors  

 ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected by
political or regulatory developments affecting our operations.  

 Access limitations.  A number of countries limit access to their oil and gas resources, or
may place resources off-limits from development altogether. Restrictions on
foreign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of high
commodity prices, when national governments may have less need of outside
sources of private capital. Many countries also restrict the import or export
of certain products based on point of origin.  

 Restrictions on doing business.  ExxonMobil is subject to laws and sanctions imposed
by the United States or by other jurisdictions where we do business that may
prohibit ExxonMobil or certain of its affiliates from doing business in certain
countries, or restricting the kind of business that may be conducted. Such
restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who may not be
subject to comparable restrictions.  

 Lack of legal certainty.  Some countries in which we do business lack
well-developed legal systems, or have not yet adopted, or may be unable to
maintain, clear regulatory frameworks for oil and gas development. Lack of
legal certainty exposes our operations to increased risk of adverse or
unpredictable actions by government officials, and also makes it more difficult
for us to enforce our contracts. In some cases these risks can be partially
offset by agreements to arbitrate disputes in an international forum, but the
adequacy of this remedy may still depend on the local legal system to enforce
an award.  


 


 2   


 
 

 


   


 
 Regulatory and litigation risks.  Even in countries with well-developed legal
systems where ExxonMobil does business, we remain exposed to changes in law
(including changes that result from international treaties and accords) that
could adversely affect our results, such as:  

    

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   increases in taxes, duties, or government royalty
  rates (including retroactive claims); 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   price controls; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   changes in environmental regulations or other laws
  that increase our cost of compliance or reduce or delay available business
  opportunities (including changes in laws related to offshore drilling
  operations, water use, methane emissions, or hydraulic fracturing); 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   adoption of regulations mandating efficiency
  standards, the use of alternative fuels or uncompetitive fuel components; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   adoption of government payment transparency
  regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive
  commercial information, or that could cause us to violate the non-disclosure
  laws of other countries; and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   government actions to cancel contracts,
  re-denominate the official currency, renounce or default on obligations,
  renegotiate terms unilaterally, or expropriate assets. 
   
  
 



 Legal remedies available to compensate us for
expropriation or other takings may be inadequate.  

 We also may be adversely affected by the outcome of
litigation, especially in countries such as the United States in which very
large and unpredictable punitive damage awards may occur, or by government
enforcement proceedings alleging non-compliance with applicable laws or
regulations.  

 Security concerns.  Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may be
disrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, cybersecurity
attacks, and other local security concerns. Such concerns may require us to
incur greater costs for security or to shut down operations for a period of
time.  

 Climate change and greenhouse gas restrictions.  Due to concern over the risks of climate change, a
number of countries have adopted, or are considering the adoption of,
regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These include
adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting,
increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable
energy. These requirements could make our products more expensive, lengthen
project implementation times, and reduce demand for hydrocarbons, as well as
shift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon sources such as natural
gas. Current and pending greenhouse gas regulations or policies may also
increase our compliance costs, such as for monitoring or sequestering
emissions.  

 Government sponsorship of alternative energy.  Many governments are providing tax advantages and
other subsidies to support alternative energy sources or are mandating the use
of specific fuels or technologies. Governments and others are also promoting
research into new technologies to reduce the cost and increase the scalability
of alternative energy sources. We are conducting our own research both in-house
and by working with more than 80 leading universities around the world,
including the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Princeton University, the
University of Texas, and Stanford University. Our research projects focus on
developing algae-based biofuels, carbon capture and storage, breakthrough
energy efficiency processes, advanced energy-saving materials, and other
technologies. For example, ExxonMobil is working with Fuel Cell Energy Inc. to
explore using carbonate fuel cells to economically capture CO 2 
emissions from gas-fired power plants. Our future results may depend in part on
the success of our research efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply the
strengths of our current business model to providing the energy products of the
future in a cost-competitive manner. See “Operational and Other Factors” below.
 

   

 Operational and Other Factors 

 In addition to external economic and political
factors, our future business results also depend on our ability to manage
successfully those factors that are at least in part within our control. The
extent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative to
competition. For projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the
management effectiveness of one or more co-venturers whom we do not control.  

 Exploration and development program.  Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas
production depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts.
Among other factors, we must continuously improve our ability to identify the
most promising resource prospects and apply our project management expertise to
bring discovered resources on line as scheduled and within budget.  

 Project and portfolio management.  The long-term success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream,
Downstream, and Chemical businesses depends on complex, long‑term,
capital intensive projects. These projects in turn require a high degree of
project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Specific factors that can
affect the performance of major projects include our ability to: negotiate
successfully with joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers, customers,
or others; model and optimize reservoir performance; develop markets for
project outputs, whether through long-term contracts or the development of
effective spot markets; manage changes in operating conditions and costs,
including costs of third party equipment or services such as drilling rigs and
shipping; prevent, to the extent possible, and respond effectively to
unforeseen technical difficulties that could delay project startup or cause
unscheduled project downtime; and influence the performance of project
operators where ExxonMobil does not perform that role. In addition to the
effective management of individual projects, ExxonMobil’s success, including
our ability to mitigate risk and
 


 


 3   


 
 

 


   


 
 provide attractive returns
to shareholders, depends on our ability to successfully manage our overall portfolio,
including diversification among types and locations of our projects.  

 The term “project” as used in this report can refer to
a variety of different activities and does not necessarily have the same
meaning as in any government payment transparency reports.  

 Operational efficiency.  An important component of ExxonMobil’s competitive
performance, especially given the commodity‑based nature of many of our
businesses, is our ability to operate efficiently, including our ability to
manage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis. This
requires continuous management focus, including technology improvements, cost
control, productivity enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio,
and the recruitment, development, and retention of high caliber employees.  

 Research and development.  To maintain our competitive position, especially in
light of the technological nature of our businesses and the need for continuous
efficiency improvement, ExxonMobil’s research and development organizations
must be successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policy
environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas
emissions.  

 Safety, business controls, and environmental risk
management.  Our results depend on
management’s ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and
petrochemical operations, to control effectively our business activities, and
to minimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous management systems
and continuous focus to workplace safety and to avoiding spills or other
adverse environmental events. For example, we work to minimize spills through a
combined program of effective operations integrity management, ongoing
upgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive inspection and
surveillance. Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologies
and adopting new operating practices to reduce air emissions, not only in
response to government requirements but also to address community priorities.
We also maintain a disciplined framework of internal controls and apply a
controls management system for monitoring compliance with this framework.
Substantial liabilities and other adverse impacts could result if our
management systems and controls do not function as intended. 

 Cybersecurity. 
ExxonMobil is regularly subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions from a
variety of threat actors. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity
disruptions prove to be insufficient, ExxonMobil as well as our customers,
employees, or third parties could be adversely affected. Such cybersecurity
disruptions could cause physical harm to people or the environment; damage or
destroy assets; compromise business systems; result in proprietary information
being altered, lost, or stolen; result in employee, customer, or third-party
information being compromised; or otherwise disrupt our business operations. We
could incur significant costs to remedy the effects of such a cybersecurity
disruption as well as in connection with resulting regulatory actions and
litigation.  

 Preparedness. 
Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters,
human error, and similar events. For example, hurricanes may damage our
offshore production facilities or coastal refining and petrochemical plants in
vulnerable areas. Our facilities are designed, constructed, and operated to
withstand a variety of extreme climatic and other conditions, with safety
factors built in to cover a number of engineering uncertainties, including
those associated with wave, wind, and current intensity, marine ice flow
patterns, permafrost stability, storm surge magnitude, temperature extremes,
extreme rain fall events, and earthquakes. Our consideration of changing
weather conditions and inclusion of safety factors in design covers the
engineering uncertainties that climate change and other events may potentially
introduce. Our ability to mitigate the adverse impacts of these events depends
in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility engineering as well as
our rigorous disaster preparedness and response and business continuity
planning.  

 Insurance limitations.  The ability of the Corporation to insure against many
of the risks it faces as described in this Item 1A is limited by the capacity
of the applicable insurance markets, which may not be sufficient. 

 Competition. 
As noted in Item 1 above, the energy and petrochemical industries are highly
competitive. We face competition not only from other private firms, but also
from state-owned companies that are increasingly competing for opportunities
outside of their home countries. In some cases, these state-owned companies may
pursue opportunities in furtherance of strategic objectives of their government
owners, with less focus on financial returns than companies owned by private
shareholders, such as ExxonMobil. Technology and expertise provided by industry
service companies may also enhance the competitiveness of firms that may not
have the internal resources and capabilities of ExxonMobil. 

 Reputation. 
Our reputation is an important corporate asset. An operating incident,
significant cybersecurity disruption, or other adverse event such as those
described in this Item 1A may have a negative impact on our reputation, which
in turn could make it more difficult for us to compete successfully for new
opportunities, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, or could reduce consumer
demand for our branded products. 

 Projections, estimates, and descriptions of
ExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 2, 7
and 7A of this report are forward-looking statements. Actual future results,
including project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures, costs,
and business plans could differ materially due to, among other things, the
factors discussed above and elsewhere in this report.  

 ITEM 1B.          UNRESOLVED
STAFF COMMENTS 

 None.  


 


 4   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 2.       Properties 

 Information with regard to oil and gas
producing activities follows:  

   

 1. Disclosure of Reserves  

 A. Summary of Oil and Gas Reserves at
Year-End 2017  

 The table below summarizes the oil-equivalent proved
reserves in each geographic area and by product type for consolidated
subsidiaries and equity companies. Gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis
at six million cubic feet per one thousand barrels. The Corporation has
reported proved reserves on the basis of the average of the
first-day-of-the-month price for each month during the last 12-month period. No
major discovery or other favorable or adverse event has occurred since December
31, 2017, that would cause a significant change in the estimated proved
reserves as of that date. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude 
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic 
   
  
   Natural 
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Liquids 
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
   Basis 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
   (billion cubic ft) 
   
  
   (million bbls) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Developed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,137 
   
  
   352 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   12,649 
   
  
   3,597 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
   85 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   657 
   
  
   473 
   
  
   512 
   
  
   1,307 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   93 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,231 
   
  
   325 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   593 
   
  
   83 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   584 
   
  
   773 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   2,070 
   
  
   112 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,030 
   
  
   2,854 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   85 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
   868 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated 
   
  
   4,063 
   
  
   626 
   
  
   657 
   
  
   473 
   
  
   23,426 
   
  
   9,724 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   201 
   
  
   7 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   234 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   14 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
   830 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   715 
   
  
   304 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   12,898 
   
  
   3,168 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Company 
   
  
   930 
   
  
   311 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17,951 
   
  
   4,232 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Developed 
   
  
   4,993 
   
  
   937 
   
  
   657 
   
  
   473 
   
  
   41,377 
   
  
   13,956 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,558 
   
  
   609 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,384 
   
  
   3,231 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
   325 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   355 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   860 
   
  
   835 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   26 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   53 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   136 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   139 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   310 
   
  
   1,478 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2,474 
   
  
   443 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated 
   
  
   3,496 
   
  
   632 
   
  
   355 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   10,176 
   
  
   6,179 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   44 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   69 
   
  
   60 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
   212 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   382 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,350 
   
  
   656 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Company 
   
  
   433 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,598 
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Undeveloped 
   
  
   3,929 
   
  
   685 
   
  
   355 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   13,774 
   
  
   7,265 
   
  
 
   
   Total Proved
  Reserves 
   
  
   8,922 
   
  
   1,622 
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
   473 
   
  
   55,151 
   
  
   21,221 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Other Americas includes proved
developed reserves of 2 million barrels of crude oil and 42 billion cubic feet
of natural gas, as well as proved undeveloped reserves of 150 million barrels
of crude oil and 175 billion cubic feet of natural gas.  


 


 5   


 
 

 


   


 
  

  In the preceding reserves information,
consolidated subsidiary and equity company reserves are reported separately.
However, the Corporation operates its business with the same view of equity
company reserves as it has for reserves from consolidated subsidiaries.  

 The Corporation anticipates several projects will come
online over the next few years providing additional production capacity.
However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing of
individual project start-ups; operational outages; reservoir performance;
performance of enhanced oil recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact
of fiscal and commercial terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on
production sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of capital
investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price environment; and
other factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

 The estimation of proved reserves, which is based on the
requirement of reasonable certainty, is an ongoing process based on rigorous
technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments and detailed analysis
of well and reservoir information such as flow rates and reservoir pressures.
Furthermore, the Corporation only records proved reserves for projects which
have received significant funding commitments by management made toward the
development of the reserves. Although the Corporation is reasonably certain
that proved reserves will be produced, the timing and amount recovered can be
affected by a number of factors including completion of development projects,
reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policies, consumer
preferences, and significant changes in long-term oil and natural gas price
levels. In addition, proved reserves could be affected by an extended period of
low prices which could reduce the level of the Corporation’s capital spending
and also impact our partners’ capacity to fund their share of joint projects. 

 B. Technologies Used in
Establishing Proved Reserves Additions in 2017  

 Additions to ExxonMobil’s proved reserves in 2017 were
based on estimates generated through the integration of available and
appropriate geological, engineering and production data, utilizing
well-established technologies that have been demonstrated in the field to yield
repeatable and consistent results.  

 Data used in these integrated assessments included
information obtained directly from the subsurface via wellbores, such as well
logs, reservoir core samples, fluid samples, static and dynamic pressure
information, production test data, and surveillance and performance
information. The data utilized also included subsurface information obtained
through indirect measurements including high-quality 3-D and 4-D seismic data,
calibrated with available well control information. The tools used to interpret
the data included proprietary seismic processing software, proprietary
reservoir modeling and simulation software, and commercially available data
analysis packages.  

 In some circumstances, where appropriate analog reservoirs
were available, reservoir parameters from these analogs were used to increase
the quality of and confidence in the reserves estimates.  

 C. Qualifications of
Reserves Technical Oversight Group and Internal Controls over Proved Reserves  

 ExxonMobil has a dedicated Global Reserves group that
provides technical oversight and is separate from the operating organization.
Primary responsibilities of this group include oversight of the reserves
estimation process for compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
rules and regulations, review of annual changes in reserves estimates, and the
reporting of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves. This group also maintains the
official company reserves estimates for ExxonMobil’s proved reserves of crude
oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. In addition,
the group provides training to personnel involved in the reserves estimation
and reporting process within ExxonMobil and its affiliates. The Manager of the
Global Reserves group has more than 25 years of experience in reservoir
engineering and reserves assessment and has a degree in Engineering. He is an
active member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE). The group is staffed
with individuals that have an average of more than 20 years of technical
experience in the petroleum industry, including expertise in the classification
and categorization of reserves under the SEC guidelines. This group includes
individuals who hold advanced degrees in either Engineering or Geology, and a
member currently serves on the SPE Oil and Gas Reserves Committee.  

 The Global Reserves group maintains a central database
containing the official company reserves estimates. Appropriate controls,
including limitations on database access and update capabilities, are in place
to ensure data integrity within this central database. An annual review of the
system’s controls is performed by internal audit. Key components of the
reserves estimation process include technical evaluations and analysis of well
and field performance and a rigorous peer review. No changes may be made to the
reserves estimates in the central database, including additions of any new
initial reserves estimates or subsequent revisions, unless these changes have
been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by duly authorized personnel within the
operating organization. In addition, changes to reserves estimates that exceed
certain thresholds require further review and approval of the appropriate level
of management within the operating organization before the changes may be made
in the central database. Endorsement by the Global Reserves group for all
proved reserves changes is a mandatory component of this review process. After
all changes are made, reviews are held with senior management for final
endorsement.  


 


 6   


 
 

 


   


 
   2. Proved Undeveloped Reserves  

 At year-end 2017, approximately 7.3 billion oil-equivalent
barrels (GOEB) of ExxonMobil’s proved reserves were classified as proved
undeveloped. This represents 34 percent of the 21.2 GOEB reported in proved
reserves. This compares to the 6.2 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves reported
at the end of 2016. During the year, ExxonMobil conducted development
activities that resulted in the transfer of approximately 0.7 GOEB from proved
undeveloped to proved developed reserves by year‑end. The largest
transfers were related to the start-up of the Gorgon field and Longford Gas
Conditioning Plant in Australia and drilling activity in the United States, the
United Arab Emirates, and Kazakhstan. During 2017, extensions and discoveries,
primarily in the United Arab Emirates, the United States, and Guyana resulted
in an addition of approximately 0.9 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves. Also,
purchases, primarily in the United States and Mozambique resulted in the
addition of approximately 0.9 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves.  

 Overall, investments of $8 billion were made by the
Corporation during 2017 to progress the development of reported proved
undeveloped reserves, including $8 billion for oil and gas producing activities
and in addition, nearly $100 million for other non-oil and gas producing
activities such as the construction of support infrastructure and other related
facilities. These investments represented 48 percent of the $16.7 billion in
total reported Upstream capital and exploration expenditures. Investments made
by the Corporation to develop quantities which no longer meet the SEC
definition of proved reserves due to 2017 average prices are included in the
$16.7 billion of Upstream capital expenditures reported above but are excluded
from amounts related to progressing the development of proved undeveloped
reserves.  

 One of ExxonMobil’s requirements for reporting proved
reserves is that management has made significant funding commitments toward the
development of the reserves. ExxonMobil has a disciplined investment strategy
and many major fields require long lead‑time in order to be developed.
Development projects typically take several years from the time of recording
proved undeveloped reserves to the start of production and can exceed five
years for large and complex projects. Proved undeveloped reserves in Canada,
Kazakhstan, Australia, the Netherlands, the United States, and Qatar have
remained undeveloped for five years or more primarily due to constraints on the
capacity of infrastructure, as well as the time required to complete
development for very large projects. The Corporation is reasonably certain that
these proved reserves will be produced; however, the timing and amount
recovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of
development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government
policies, consumer preferences, the pace of co‑venturer/government
funding, and significant changes in long-term oil and natural gas price levels.
Of the proved undeveloped reserves that have been reported for five or more
years, over 80 percent are contained in the aforementioned countries. In
Canada, proved undeveloped reserves are related to drilling activities in the
offshore Hebron field and onshore Cold Lake operations. In Kazakhstan, the
proved undeveloped reserves are related to the remainder of the initial
development of the producing offshore Kashagan field which is included in the
North Caspian Production Sharing Agreement and the Tengizchevroil joint venture
which includes a production license in the Tengiz – Korolev field complex. The
Tengizchevroil joint venture is producing, and proved undeveloped reserves will
continue to move to proved developed as approved development phases progress.
In Australia, proved undeveloped reserves are associated with future
compression for the Gorgon Jansz LNG project. In the Netherlands, the Groningen
gas field has proved undeveloped reserves related to installation of future
compression. 


 


 7   


 
 

 


   


 
 3. Oil and Gas Production, Production
Prices and Production Costs  

 A. Oil and Gas Production  

 The table below summarizes production by
final product sold and by geographic area for the last three years.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil and
  natural gas liquids production 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
   NGL 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   361 
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   347 
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   326 
   
  
   86 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   173 
   
  
   28 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   412 
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   511 
   
  
   18 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   383 
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
   29 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   189 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,450 
   
  
   185 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
   186 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   61 
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   235 
   
  
   64 
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
   65 
   
  
     
   
  
   241 
   
  
   68 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   294 
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total crude
  oil and natural gas liquids production 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,666 
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,742 
   
  
   252 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,741 
   
  
   257 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bitumen
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   289 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Synthetic oil
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,365 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,345 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,910 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,052 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,116 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,093 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,110 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   927 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   677 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,395 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,205 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,249 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   902 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,080 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,176 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,888 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,816 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,059 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,816 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,922 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,266 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total natural
  gas production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,211 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,127 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,515 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent
  barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,097 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Other Americas includes natural gas
production available for sale for 2017, 2016 and 2015 of 24 million, 22 million,
and 21 million cubic feet daily, respectively.  


 


 8   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Production Prices and Production Costs  

 The table below summarizes average
production prices and average production costs by geographic area and by
product type for the last three years.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   During 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars per unit) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   46.71 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.42 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.02 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.26 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.96 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.48 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.51 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.05 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.22 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.04 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.72 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.72 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   10.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.33 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.39 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50.02 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.23 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.81 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.42 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.81 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   23.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.45 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.51 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.42 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   54.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   53.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.56 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   30.96 
   
  
     
   
  
   37.38 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.17 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.51 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.22 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.51 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.70 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.72 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   52.72 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   11.61 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.02 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.12 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.39 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.47 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   42.59 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.59 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.17 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.95 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.99 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.43 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.71 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.26 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.14 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.56 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.46 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.03 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   10.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.79 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.64 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.69 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.41 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.87 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.19 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.59 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   22.26 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.21 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   36.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   39.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.51 
   
  
     
   
  
   42.59 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.33 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.39 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.17 
   
  
     
   
  
   26.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   23.95 
   
  
     
   
  
   20.56 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.71 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.22 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.14 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.09 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.46 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.83 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.03 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   43.03 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   11.18 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.21 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.77 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.12 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.89 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.64 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.64 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 9   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
   During 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars per unit) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.87 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.01 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.56 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.96 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.14 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.16 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.47 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.02 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.95 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.07 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.15 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   12.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.68 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.86 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.31 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.71 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.86 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.97 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.20 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.83 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   46.34 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   46.05 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.44 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.99 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   15.37 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32.36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31.75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.05 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.92 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   22.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.89 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   42.58 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.97 
   
  
     
   
  
   51.01 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.36 
   
  
     
   
  
   49.56 
   
  
     
   
  
   47.79 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   NGL, per barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.92 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   27.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   33.41 
   
  
     
   
  
   28.94 
   
  
     
   
  
   29.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.77 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural gas, per
  thousand cubic feet 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.65 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.78 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.37 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.57 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.84 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.13 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.16 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.07 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.07 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic oil, per
  barrel 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.15 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per oil-equivalent barrel - total 
   
  
   13.16 
   
  
     
   
  
   22.68 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.09 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.31 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.96 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.86 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.56 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.20 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average production
  costs, per barrel - synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.83 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.83 
   
  
 



   

 Average production prices have been calculated by using
sales quantities from the Corporation’s own production as the divisor. Average
production costs have been computed by using net production quantities for the
divisor. The volumes of crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) production used
for this computation are shown in the oil and gas production table in section
3.A. The volumes of natural gas used in the calculation are the production
volumes of natural gas available for sale and are also shown in section 3.A.
The natural gas available for sale volumes are different from those shown in
the reserves table in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the “Supplemental
Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of
the Financial Section of this report due to volumes consumed or flared. Gas is
converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one thousand
barrels.  


 


 10   


 
 

 


   


 
 4. Drilling and Other Exploratory and
Development Activities  

 A. Number of Net Productive and Dry Wells
Drilled  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Productive
  Exploratory Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  productive exploratory wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Dry
  Exploratory Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total dry
  exploratory wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 




 


 11   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Productive
  Development Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
     
   
  
   335 
   
  
     
   
  
   692 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   340 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
     
   
  
   121 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  productive development wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
     
   
  
   503 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,189 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net Dry
  Development Wells Drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total dry
  development wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total number
  of net wells drilled 
   
  
     
   
  
   512 
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,210 
   
  
 




 


 12   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Exploratory and Development Activities Regarding Oil and Gas
Resources Extracted by Mining Technologies  

 Syncrude Operations.  Syncrude is a joint venture established to
recover shallow deposits of oil sands using open-pit mining methods to extract
the crude bitumen, and then upgrade it to produce a high-quality, light (32
degrees API), sweet, synthetic crude oil. Imperial Oil Limited is the owner of
a 25 percent interest in the joint venture. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent
interest in Imperial Oil Limited. In 2017, the company’s share of net
production of synthetic crude oil was about 57 thousand barrels per day
and share of net acreage was about 63 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil
sands deposit.  

 Kearl Operations.  Kearl is a joint venture established to
recover shallow deposits of oil sands using open-pit mining methods to extract
the crude bitumen. Imperial Oil Limited holds a 70.96 percent interest in the
joint venture and ExxonMobil Canada Properties holds the other 29.04 percent.
Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent interest in Imperial Oil Limited and
a 100 percent interest in ExxonMobil Canada Properties. Kearl is comprised
of six oil sands leases covering about 49 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil
sands deposit.  

 Kearl is located approximately 40 miles north of Fort
McMurray, Alberta, Canada. Bitumen is extracted from oil sands produced from
open-pit mining operations, and processed through bitumen extraction and froth
treatment trains. The product, a blend of bitumen and diluent, is shipped to our
refineries and to other third parties. Diluent is natural gas condensate or
other light hydrocarbons added to the crude bitumen to facilitate
transportation by pipeline and rail. During 2017, average net production at
Kearl was about 174 thousand barrels per day.  

   

 5. Present Activities  

 A. Wells Drilling  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Wells Drilling 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   820 
   
  
     
   
  
   334 
   
  
     
   
  
   760 
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   933 
   
  
     
   
  
   376 
   
  
     
   
  
   866 
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net wells drilling 
   
  
   965 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   904 
   
  
     
   
  
   350 
   
  
 



 B. Review of Principal
Ongoing Activities  

 UNITED STATES  

 ExxonMobil’s year-end 2017 acreage holdings totaled 12.8 million
net acres, of  which 0.9
million  net acres were offshore. ExxonMobil was
active in areas onshore and offshore in the lower 48 states and in Alaska .  

 During
the year, 444.9 net development wells were completed in the inland lower 48
states. Development activities focused on liquids-rich opportunities in the
onshore U.S., primarily in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico and
the Bakken oil play in North Dakota. In addition, gas development activities
continued in the Marcellus Shale of Pennsylvania and West Virginia, the Utica
Shale of Ohio    and the Haynesville Shale of East Texas and Louisiana. In
2017, ExxonMobil acquired a number of oil and gas properties in the Permian
Basin.  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Gulf of Mexico at year-end 2017
was 0.8 million acres. A  total
of 2.3   net development
wells were completed during the year.  

 Participation
in Alaska production and development continued with a total of 10.9 net
development wells completed.  


 


 13   


 
 

 


   


 
 CANADA
/ OTHER AMERICAS    

 Canada  

 Oil and Gas Operations:    ExxonMobil’s
year-end 2017 acreage holdings totaled 6.5 million net acres, of which 3.2
million net acres were offshore. A total of 10.8 net development wells were
completed during the year. The Hebron project started up in 2017.  

 In Situ Bitumen Operations:    ExxonMobil’s year-end 2017 in situ bitumen acreage holdings
totaled 0.7 million net onshore acres.    

 Argentina  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.3 million onshore acres
at year-end 2017, and there were 4.0 net exploration and development wells
completed during the year . 

 Guyana 

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 5.2 million offshore acres
at year-end 2017, and there were 2.3 net exploration wells completed during the
year. The Liza Phase 1 project was funded in 2017. 

 EUROPE  

 Germany  

 A total of 2.8 million net onshore acres were held by
ExxonMobil at year-end 2017, with 1.3 net development wells completed during
the year.  

 Netherlands  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses totaled approximately
1.5 million acres at year-end 2017, of which 1.1 million acres were onshore. A
total of 1.3 net exploration and development wells were completed during the
year .  

 Norway  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses at year-end 2017
totaled approximately 0.1 million acres, all offshore. A total of 3.9 net
development wells were completed during the year . In 2017, ExxonMobil divested approximately 81 thousand
net operated acres in Norway.  

 United Kingdom  

 ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses at
year-end 2017 totaled approximately 0.6 million acres, all offshore. A total of
1.2 net exploration and development wells were completed during the year.    The Penguins Redevelopment project was funded in 2017.    

 AFRICA  

 Angola  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.2 million offshore acres
at year-end 2017, with 5.9 net development wells completed during the year. On
Block 32, development activities continued on the Kaombo Split Hub project.    

 Chad  

 ExxonMobil’s net year-end 2017 acreage
holdings consisted of 46 thousand onshore acres. 

 Equatorial Guinea 

 ExxonMobil’s acreage totaled 0.3 million net offshore acres
at year-end 2017, with 2.4 net exploration wells completed during the year.    

 Mozambique  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled approximately 0.1 million
offshore acres at year-end 2017. ExxonMobil acquired an interest in Area 4
offshore Mozambique in December 2017. The Coral South Floating LNG project was
funded in 2017. 

 Nigeria  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 1.1 million offshore acres
at year-end 2017, with 0.8 net development wells completed during the year.
 


 


 14   


 
 

 


   


 
 ASIA
 

 Azerbaijan  

 At year-end 2017, ExxonMobil’s net acreage
totaled 9 thousand offshore acres. A total of 1.3 net development wells were
completed during the year.    

 Indonesia  

 At year-end 2017, ExxonMobil had 0.1 million net acres
onshore. In 2017, ExxonMobil relinquished approximately 0.4 million net acres
offshore.  

 Iraq  

 At year-end 2017, ExxonMobil’s onshore
acreage was 0.1 million net acres. A total of 4.5 net development wells
were completed at the West Qurna Phase I oil field during the year. Oil field
rehabilitation activities continued during 2017 and   across
the life of this project will include drilling of new wells, working over of
existing wells, and optimization and debottlenecking of existing facilities.  In the Kurdistan Region of Iraq,
ExxonMobil continued exploration activities.  

 Kazakhstan  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage  totaled
0.1 million acres onshore and 0.2 million acres offshore at year-end  2017 . A total of 4 . 3 net development wells were
completed during  2017 .  Development activities continued on the
Tengiz Expansion project. 

 Malaysia  

 ExxonMobil’s interests in production sharing contracts covered
2.5 million net acres offshore at year-end 2017. During the year, a total of
1.5 net development wells were completed. ExxonMobil acquired deepwater acreage
offshore Sabah. 

 Qatar  

 Through our joint ventures with Qatar Petroleum,
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 65 thousand acres offshore at year-end 2017.
ExxonMobil participated in 62.2 million tonnes per year gross liquefied natural
gas capacity and 2.0 billion cubic feet per day of flowing gas capacity at year
end. Development  activities
continued on the Barzan project in 2017. 

 Republic of Yemen  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Republic of Yemen
production sharing areas totaled 10 thousand acres onshore at year-end 2017.  

 Russia  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage holdings in Sakhalin at year-end
2017 were 85 thousand acres, all offshore. A total of 2.1 net exploration and
development wells were completed. The Odoptu Stage 2 project started up in
2017. 

 At year-end 2017, ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Rosneft
joint venture agreements for the Kara, Laptev, Chukchi and Black Seas was 63.6
million acres, all offshore. ExxonMobil and Rosneft formed a joint venture to
evaluate the development of tight-oil reserves in western Siberia in 2013.
Refer to the relevant portion of “Note 7: Equity Company Information” of the
Financial Section of this report for additional information on the
Corporation’s participation in Rosneft joint venture activities.  

 Thailand  

 ExxonMobil’s net onshore acreage in Thailand concessions
totaled 21 thousand acres at year-end 2017.  

 United Arab Emirates  

 ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Abu Dhabi offshore Upper
Zakum oil concession was 81 thousand acres at year-end 2017. A total of 5.3 net
development wells were completed. During 2017, development activities continued
on the  Upper Zakum 750
project, and agreements were signed for the Upper Zakum 1MBD (million barrels
per day) project, including a 10-year extension to 2051 for the Upper Zakum
concession.  

 
  

   


 


 15   


 
 

 


   


 
 AUSTRALIA / OCEANIA
 

 Australia  

 ExxonMobil’s year-end 2017 acreage holdings totaled 2.0
million net offshore acres. The Gas Conditioning Plant at Longford started up
in 2017.  

 The third train of the co-venturer-operated Gorgon Jansz
liquefied natural gas (LNG) project started up in 2017. The project consists of
a subsea infrastructure for offshore production and transportation of the gas,
a 15.6 million tonnes per year LNG facility and a 280 million cubic feet per
day domestic gas plant located on Barrow Island, Western Australia.  

 Papua New Guinea  

 A  total of 10.1 million net acres were held by ExxonMobil at
year-end 2017, of which 5.4 million net acres were offshore. A total of 0.7 net
exploration and development wells were completed during the year. The Papua New
Guinea (PNG) LNG integrated development includes gas production and processing
facilities in the southern PNG Highlands, onshore and offshore pipelines, and a
6.9 million tonnes per year LNG facility near Port Moresby . In 2017, ExxonMobil acquired InterOil
Corporation (IOC), an exploration and production business focused on Papua New
Guinea. 

 WORLDWIDE EXPLORATION  

 At year-end 2017, exploration activities were under way in
several areas in which ExxonMobil has no established production operations and
thus are not included above. A total of 30.1 million net acres were held at
year-end 2017 in these countries . 

   

 6. Delivery Commitments  

 ExxonMobil sells crude oil and natural gas
from its producing operations under a variety of contractual obligations, some
of which may specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity for
periods longer than one year. ExxonMobil also enters into natural gas sales
contracts where the source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can
be a combination of our own production and the spot market. Worldwide, we are
contractually committed to deliver approximately 57 million barrels of oil and
2,400 billion cubic feet of natural gas for the period from 2018 through 2020.
We expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery commitments with production
from our proved developed reserves. Any remaining commitments will be fulfilled
with production from our proved undeveloped reserves and spot market purchases
as necessary. 


 


 16   


 
 

 


   


 
 7. Oil and Gas Properties, Wells,
Operations and Acreage  

 A. Gross and Net Productive Wells  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
   Gas 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and Net
  Productive Wells 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   20,679 
   
  
   8,366 
   
  
   27,700 
   
  
   15,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,470 
   
  
   8,037 
   
  
   32,949 
   
  
   19,873 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
   4,877 
   
  
   4,618 
   
  
   4,273 
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,024 
   
  
   4,767 
   
  
   4,362 
   
  
   1,668 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,016 
   
  
   267 
   
  
   664 
   
  
   268 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
   323 
   
  
   641 
   
  
   253 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   1,222 
   
  
   474 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,268 
   
  
   494 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   7 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   900 
   
  
   299 
   
  
   139 
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   882 
   
  
   299 
   
  
   140 
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   588 
   
  
   129 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   588 
   
  
   128 
   
  
   53 
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   29,282 
   
  
   14,153 
   
  
   32,864 
   
  
   18,011 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,362 
   
  
   14,048 
   
  
   38,162 
   
  
   21,906 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   13,796 
   
  
   5,247 
   
  
   4,227 
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,957 
   
  
   5,315 
   
  
   4,257 
   
  
   491 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   59 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   617 
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   586 
   
  
   186 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   144 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
   33 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   13,999 
   
  
   5,304 
   
  
   4,969 
   
  
   716 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,144 
   
  
   5,367 
   
  
   4,968 
   
  
   707 
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net productive wells 
   
  
   43,281 
   
  
   19,457 
   
  
   37,833 
   
  
   18,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,506 
   
  
   19,415 
   
  
   43,130 
   
  
   22,613 
   
  
 



   

 There were 30,263 gross and 25,827 net operated wells at
year‑end 2017 and 35,047 gross and 29,375 net operated wells at year-end
2016. The number of wells with multiple completions was 1,366 gross in 2017 and
1,209 gross in 2016.  

    


 


 17   


 
 

 


   


 
 B. Gross and Net Developed Acreage     

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of acres) 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and Net
  Developed Acreage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   14,836 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,026 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,958 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
   3,604 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,374 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,146 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   2,970 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,446 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   2,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   866 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   866 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   1,983 
   
  
     
   
  
   586 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,934 
   
  
     
   
  
   562 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   3,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,068 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,020 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,005 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   29,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,983 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   930 
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   929 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   4,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,317 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,321 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   155 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   5,728 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,748 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,685 
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net developed acreage 
   
  
   34,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,889 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,668 
   
  
 



 (1)   Includes developed acreage in Other
Americas of 375 gross and 244 net thousands of acres for 2017 and 213 gross and
109 net thousands of acres for 2016.  

 Separate acreage data for oil and gas are not maintained
because, in many instances, both are produced from the same acreage.  

   

 C. Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   Year-End 2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of acres) 
   
  
 
   
   Gross and Net
  Undeveloped Acreage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   7,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,637 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas  (1)  
   
  
   29,495 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,569 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   7,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,218 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,368 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   37,699 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,979 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   5,802 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   865 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   15,976 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,125 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,497 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  Consolidated Subsidiaries 
   
  
   104,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,031 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,915 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   207 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   223 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   149 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   191,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,633 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Equity
  Companies 
   
  
   192,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,884 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,470 
   
  
     
   
  
   63,739 
   
  
 
   
   Total gross
  and net undeveloped acreage 
   
  
   296,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   124,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   250,582 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,654 
   
  
 



 (1)   Includes undeveloped acreage in Other
Americas of 18,625 gross and 8,053 net thousands of acres for 2017 and 13,106 gross
and 5,146 net thousands of acres for 2016. 

 ExxonMobil’s investment in developed and undeveloped
acreage is comprised of numerous concessions, blocks and leases. The terms and
conditions under which the Corporation maintains exploration and/or production
rights to the acreage are property‑specific, contractually defined and
vary significantly from property to property. Work programs are designed to
ensure that the exploration potential of any property is fully evaluated before
expiration. In some instances, the Corporation may elect to relinquish acreage
in advance of the contractual expiration date if the evaluation process is
complete and there is not a business basis for extension. In cases where
additional time may be required to fully evaluate acreage, the Corporation has
generally been successful in obtaining extensions. The scheduled expiration of
leases and concessions for undeveloped acreage over the next three years is not
expected to have a material adverse impact on the Corporation.  


 


 18   


 
 

 


   


 
 D. Summary of Acreage Terms  

 UNITED STATES  

 Oil and gas exploration and production rights are acquired
from mineral interest owners through a lease. Mineral interest owners include
the Federal and State governments, as well as private mineral interest owners.
Leases typically have an exploration period ranging from one to ten years, and
a production period that normally remains in effect until production ceases.
Under certain circumstances, a lease may be held beyond its exploration term
even if production has not commenced. In some instances regarding private
property, a “fee interest” is acquired where the underlying mineral interests
are owned outright. 

 CANADA / OTHER
AMERICAS  

 Canada  

 Exploration licenses or leases in onshore areas are
acquired for varying periods of time with renewals or extensions possible.
These licenses or leases entitle the holder to continue existing licenses or
leases upon completing specified work. In general, these license and lease
agreements are held as long as there is proven production capability on the
licenses and leases. Exploration licenses in offshore eastern Canada and the
Beaufort Sea are held by work commitments of various amounts and rentals. They
are valid for a maximum term of nine years. Offshore production licenses are
valid for 25 years, with rights of extension for continued production.
Significant discovery licenses in the offshore, relating to currently
undeveloped discoveries, do not have a definite term.  

 Argentina  

 The Federal Hydrocarbon Law was amended in December 2014.
The onshore concession terms granted prior to the amendment are up to six
years, divided into three potential exploration periods, with an optional
extension for up to one year depending on the classification of the area.
Pursuant to the amended law, the production term for a conventional production
concession would be 25 years, and 35 years for an unconventional
concession, with unlimited ten-year extensions possible, once a field has been
developed.  

 Guyana  

 The Petroleum (Exploration and Production) Act authorizes
the government of Guyana to grant petroleum prospecting and production licenses
and to enter into petroleum agreements for the exploration and production of
hydrocarbons. Petroleum agreements provide for an exploration period of up to
10 years with a production period of 20 years with a 10 year extension.  

 EUROPE  

 Germany  

 Exploration concessions are granted for an initial maximum
period of five years, with an unlimited number of extensions of up to three
years each. Extensions are subject to specific, minimum work commitments.
Production licenses are normally granted for 20 to 25 years with
multiple possible extensions as long as there is production on the license. 

 Netherlands                                                                       

 Under the Mining Law, effective January 1, 2003,
exploration and production licenses for both onshore and offshore areas are
issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license. The term is based on
the period of time necessary to perform the activities for which the license is
issued. License conditions are stipulated in the license and are based on the
Mining Law.  

 Production rights granted prior to January 1, 2003, remain
subject to their existing terms, and differ slightly for onshore and offshore
areas. Onshore production licenses issued prior to 1988 were indefinite; from
1988 they were issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license,
ranging from 35 to 45 years. Offshore production licenses issued before 1976
were issued for a fixed period of 40 years; from 1976 they were again issued
for a period as explicitly defined in the license, ranging from 15 to
40 years.  

 Norway  

 Licenses issued between 1972 and 1997 were for an initial
period of up to six years (with extension of the initial period of one year at
a time up to ten years after 1985), and an extension period of up to 30 years,
with relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area required at the
end of the initial period. Licenses issued after July 1, 1997, have an initial
period of up to ten years and a normal extension period of up to 30 years or in
special cases of up to 50 years, and with relinquishment of at least one-half
of the original area required at the end of the initial period. 

 
  


 


 19   


 
 

 


   


 
 United
Kingdom  

 Acreage terms are fixed by the government and are
periodically changed. For example, many of the early licenses issued under the
first four licensing rounds provided for an initial term of six years with
relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area at the end of the
initial term, subject to extension for a further 40 years. At the end of any
such 40-year term, licenses may continue in producing areas until cessation of
production; or licenses may continue in development areas for periods agreed on
a case-by-case basis until they become producing areas; or licenses terminate
in all other areas. The majority of traditional licenses currently issued have
an initial exploration term of four years with a second term extension of four
years, and a final production term of 18 years, with a mandatory relinquishment
of 50 percent of the acreage after the initial term and of all acreage that is
not covered by a development plan at the end of the second term.  

 Terms for exploration acreage in technically challenged
areas are governed by frontier production licenses, generally covering a larger
initial area than traditional licenses, with an initial exploration term of six
or nine years with a second term extension of six years, and a final production
term of 18 years, with relinquishment of 75 percent of the original area after
three years and 50 percent of the remaining acreage after the next three years.
Innovate licenses issued replace traditional and frontier licenses and offer
greater flexibility with respect to periods and work program commitments. 

 AFRICA  

 Angola  

 Exploration and production activities are governed by
production sharing agreements with an initial exploration term of four years
and an optional second phase of two to three years. The production period is 25
years, and agreements generally provide for a negotiated extension.  

 Chad  

 Exploration permits are issued for a period of five years,
and are renewable for one or two further five-year periods. The terms and
conditions of the permits, including relinquishment obligations, are specified
in a negotiated convention. The production term is 30 years and  in 2017 was extended by 20 years to 2050.    

 Equatorial Guinea  

 Exploration, development and production activities are
governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the State
Ministry of Mines and Hydrocarbons. A new PSC was signed in 2015; the initial
exploration period is five years for oil and gas, with multi-year extensions
available at the discretion of the Ministry and limited relinquishments in the
absence of commercial discoveries. The production period for crude oil ranges
from 25 to 30 years, while the production period for natural gas ranges from 25
to 50 years.  

 Mozambique  

 Exploration and production activities are generally
governed by concession contracts with the Government of the Republic of
Mozambique, represented by the Ministry of Mineral Resources and Energy. An
interest in Area 4 offshore Mozambique was acquired in December
2017. Terms for Area 4 are governed by the Exploration and Production
Concession Contract (EPCC) for Area 4 Offshore of the Rovuma Block dated
December 20, 2006 and Decree Law 2/2014. The EPCC expires 30 years after the
approval of a plan of development for a given discovery area.  

 Nigeria  

 Exploration and production activities in the deepwater
offshore areas are typically governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs)
with the national oil company, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
(NNPC). NNPC typically holds the underlying Oil Prospecting License (OPL) and
any resulting Oil Mining Lease (OML). The terms of the PSCs are generally 30
years, including a ten-year exploration period (an initial exploration phase
that can be divided into multiple optional periods) covered by an OPL. Upon
commercial discovery, an OPL may be converted to an OML. Partial relinquishment
is required under the PSC at the end of the ten-year exploration period, and
OMLs have a 20-year production period that may be extended.  

 Some exploration activities are carried out in deepwater by
joint ventures with local companies holding interests in an OPL. OPLs in
deepwater offshore areas are valid for 10 years, while in all other areas the
licenses are for five years. Demonstrating a commercial discovery is the basis
for conversion of an OPL to an OML.  

 OMLs granted prior to the 1969 Petroleum Act (i.e., under
the Mineral Oils Act 1914, repealed by the 1969 Petroleum Act) were for 30
years onshore and 40 years in offshore areas and have been renewed, effective
December 1, 2008, for a further period of 20 years, with a further renewal
option of 20 years. Operations under these pre-1969 OMLs are conducted under a
joint venture agreement with NNPC rather than a PSC. Commercial terms
applicable to the existing joint venture oil production are defined by the
Petroleum Profits Tax Act.  


 


 20   


 
 

 


   


 
 OMLs granted
under the 1969 Petroleum Act, which include all deepwater OMLs, have a maximum
term of 20 years without distinction for onshore or offshore location and are
renewable, upon 12 months’ written notice, for another period of 20 years. OMLs
not held by NNPC are also subject to a mandatory 50-percent relinquishment
after the first 10 years of their duration.  

 ASIA  

 Azerbaijan  

 The production sharing agreement (PSA) for the development
of the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli field is established for an initial period of 30
years starting from the PSA execution date in 1994. The PSA was amended in
September 2017 to extend the term by 25 years to 2049. 

 Other exploration and production activities are governed by
PSAs negotiated with the national oil company of Azerbaijan. The exploration
period typically consists of three or four years with the possibility of a one
to three-year extension. The production period, which includes development, is
for 25 years or 35 years with the possibility of one or two five-year
extensions.  

 Indonesia  

 Exploration and production activities in Indonesia are
generally governed by cooperation contracts, usually in the form of a
production sharing contract (PSC), negotiated with BPMIGAS, a government agency
established in 2002 to manage upstream oil and gas activities. In 2012,
Indonesia’s Constitutional Court ruled certain articles of law relating to
BPMIGAS to be unconstitutional, but stated that all existing PSCs signed with
BPMIGAS should remain in force until their expiry, and the functions and duties
previously performed by BPMIGAS are to be carried out by the relevant Ministry
of the Government of Indonesia until the promulgation of a new oil and gas law.
By presidential decree, SKKMIGAS became the interim successor to BPMIGAS. The
current PSCs have an exploration period of six years, which can be extended up
to 10 years, and an exploitation period of 20 years. PSCs generally require the
contractor to relinquish 10 percent to 20 percent of the contract area after
three years and generally allow the contractor to retain no more than 50 percent
to 80 percent of the original contract area after six years, depending on the
acreage and terms.  

 Iraq  

 Development and production activities in the state-owned
oil and gas fields are governed by contracts with regional oil companies of the
Iraqi Ministry of Oil. An ExxonMobil affiliate entered into a contract with
Basra Oil Company of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil for the rights to participate in
the development and production activities of the West Qurna Phase I oil
and gas field effective March 1, 2010. The term of the contract is 20 years
with the right to extend for five years. The contract provides for cost
recovery plus per-barrel fees for incremental production above specified
levels.  

 Exploration and production activities in the Kurdistan
Region of Iraq are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated
with the regional government of Kurdistan in 2011. The exploration term is for
five years, with extensions available as provided by the PSCs and at the
discretion of the regional government of Kurdistan. Current PSCs remain in
effect by agreement of the regional government to allow additional time for
exploration or evaluation of commerciality. The production period is
20 years with the right to extend for five years. 

 Kazakhstan  

 Onshore exploration and production activities are governed
by the production license, exploration license and joint venture agreements
negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. Existing production operations have
a 40-year production period that commenced in 1993.  

 Offshore exploration and production activities are governed
by a production sharing agreement negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan.
The exploration period is six years followed by separate appraisal periods for
each discovery. The production period for each discovery, which includes
development, is 20 years from the date of declaration of commerciality with the
possibility of two ten-year extensions.  

 Malaysia  

 Production activities are governed by production sharing
contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the national oil company. The PSCs have
exploration and production terms ranging up to 38 years. All extensions are
subject to the national oil company’s prior written approval. The production
periods range from 15 to 29 years, depending on the provisions of the
respective contract.  

 Qatar  

 The State of Qatar grants gas production development
project rights to develop and supply gas from the offshore North Field to
permit the economic development and production of gas reserves sufficient to
satisfy the gas and LNG sales obligations of these projects.  


 


 21   


 
 

 


   


 
 Republic
of Yemen  

 The Jannah production sharing agreement has a development
period extending 20 years from first commercial declaration, which was made in
June 1995. Due to force majeure events, the development period has been
extended beyond its original expiration date, with the possibility of further
extensions due to ongoing force majeure events. 

 Russia  

 Terms for ExxonMobil’s Sakhalin acreage are fixed by the
current production sharing agreement (PSA) between the Russian government and
the Sakhalin-1 consortium, of which ExxonMobil is the operator.  

 Exploration and production
activities in the Kara, Laptev, Chukchi and Black Seas are governed by joint
venture agreements concluded with Rosneft in 2013 and 2014 that cover certain
of Rosneft’s offshore licenses. The Kara Sea licenses covered by the joint
venture agreements concluded in 2013 extend through 2040 and include
exploration periods through 2020 and 2022. Additional licenses in the Kara,
Laptev and Chukchi Seas covered by the joint venture agreements concluded in
2014 extend through 2043 and include an exploration period through 2023. The
Kara, Laptev and Chukchi Sea licenses require development plan submission
within eight to eleven years from a discovery and development activities within
five years of plan approval. The Black Sea exploration license extends through
2020, and a discovery is the basis for obtaining a license for production.
Refer to the relevant portion of “Note 7: Equity Company Information”
of the Financial Section of this report for additional information on the
Corporation’s participation in Rosneft joint venture activities.  

 Thailand  

 The Petroleum Act of 1971 allows production under
ExxonMobil’s concession for 30 years with a ten-year extension at terms
generally prevalent at the time. The term of the concession expires in 2021. 

 United Arab Emirates  

 An interest in the development and production activities of
the Upper Zakum field, a major offshore field, was acquired effective as of
January 2006, for a term expiring March 2026. In 2013 the governing agreements
were extended to 2041 and in 2017 they were extended to 2051. 

 AUSTRALIA / OCEANIA  

 Australia  

 Exploration and production activities conducted offshore in
Commonwealth waters are governed by Federal legislation. Exploration permits
are granted for an initial term of six years with two possible five-year
renewal periods. Retention leases may be granted for resources that are not commercially
viable at the time of application, but are expected to become commercially
viable within 15 years. These are granted for periods of five years and
renewals may be requested. Prior to July 1998, production licenses were granted
initially for 21 years, with a further renewal of 21 years and thereafter
“indefinitely”, i.e., for the life of the field. Effective from July 1998, new
production licenses are granted “indefinitely”. In each case, a production
license may be terminated if no production operations have been carried on for
five years.  

 Papua New Guinea  

 Exploration and production activities are governed by the
Oil and Gas Act. Petroleum Prospecting licenses are granted for an initial term
of six years with a five-year extension possible (an additional extension of
three years is possible in certain circumstances). Generally, a 50-percent
relinquishment of the license area is required at the end of the initial
six-year term, if extended. Petroleum Development licenses are granted for an
initial 25-year period. An extension of up to 20 years may be granted at the
Minister’s discretion. Petroleum Retention licenses may be granted for gas
resources that are not commercially viable at the time of application, but may
become commercially viable within the maximum possible retention time of 15
years. Petroleum Retention licenses are granted for five-year terms, and may be
extended, at the Minister’s discretion, twice for the maximum retention time of
15 years. Extensions of Petroleum Retention licenses may be for periods of less
than one year, renewable annually, if the Minister considers at the time of extension
that the resources could become commercially viable in less than five years.  


 


 22   


 
 

 


   


 
 Information with regard to the Downstream
segment follows:  

 ExxonMobil’s Downstream segment manufactures and sells
petroleum products. The refining and supply operations encompass a global
network of manufacturing plants, transportation systems, and distribution
centers that provide a range of fuels, lubricants and other products and
feedstocks to our customers around the world.  

 Refining Capacity At
Year-End 2017  (1) 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share  KBD  (2)  
   
  
   Interest % 
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Joliet 
   
  
   Illinois 
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baton Rouge 
   
  
   Louisiana 
   
  
   503 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Billings 
   
  
   Montana 
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baytown 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   561 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Beaumont 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   366 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
    Total United
  States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,726 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Strathcona 
   
  
   Alberta 
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nanticoke 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   113 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sarnia 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   119 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Antwerp 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   307 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fos-sur-Mer 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   82.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gravenchon 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   82.9 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Karlsruhe 
   
  
   Germany 
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Augusta 
   
  
   Italy 
   
  
   198 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trecate 
   
  
   Italy 
   
  
   132 
   
  
     
   
  
   74.8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Rotterdam 
   
  
   Netherlands 
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Slagen 
   
  
   Norway 
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fawley 
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   262 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,657 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Altona 
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian 
   
  
   China 
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Jurong/PAC 
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   592 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sriracha 
   
  
   Thailand 
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   912 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Middle East 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Yanbu 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,918 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Capacity data is based on
100 percent of rated refinery process unit stream-day capacities under
normal operating conditions, less the impact of shutdowns for regular repair
and maintenance activities, averaged over an extended period of time. The
listing excludes cost company refining capacity in New Zealand, and the Laffan
Refinery in Qatar for which results are reported in the Upstream segment. 

 (2)   Thousands of barrels per day (KBD).
ExxonMobil share reflects 100 percent of atmospheric distillation capacity
in operations of ExxonMobil and majority-owned subsidiaries. For companies
owned 50 percent or less, ExxonMobil share is the greater of ExxonMobil’s
interest or that portion of distillation capacity normally available to ExxonMobil.
 


 


 23   


 
 

 


   


 
 The marketing operations sell products and services throughout the world
through our  Exxon ,  Esso   and  Mobil   brands. 

   

 Retail Sites At Year-End 2017 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   10,573 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total United
  States 
   
  
   10,573 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   1,829 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Canada 
   
  
   1,829 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   1,843 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   3,975 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
   5,818 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   598 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   946 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
   1,544 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Latin America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Latin
  America 
   
  
   790 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Middle
  East/Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Middle
  East/Africa 
   
  
   408 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Owned/leased 
   
  
   2,672 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Distributors/resellers 
   
  
   18,290 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Worldwide 
   
  
   20,962 
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 24   


 
 

 


   


 
 Information with regard to the Chemical
segment follows:  

 ExxonMobil’s Chemical segment manufactures and sells
petrochemicals. The Chemical business supplies olefins, polyolefins, aromatics,
and a wide variety of other petrochemicals.  

 Chemical Complex Capacity At Year-End 2017
 (1)(2)    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Ethylene 
   
  
   Polyethylene 
   
  
   Polypropylene 
   
  
   Paraxylene 
   
  
   Interest % 
   
  
 
   
   North America 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baton Rouge 
   
  
   Louisiana 
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Baytown 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Beaumont 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mont Belvieu 
   
  
   Texas 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sarnia 
   
  
   Ontario 
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total North
  America 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Antwerp 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fife 
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gravenchon 
   
  
   France 
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Meerhout 
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Rotterdam 
   
  
   Netherlands 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Middle East 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Al Jubail 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Yanbu 
   
  
   Saudi Arabia 
   
  
   1.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Middle
  East 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian 
   
  
   China 
   
  
   0.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sriracha 
   
  
   Thailand 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Asia
  Pacific 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  Worldwide 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Capacity for ethylene, polyethylene,
polypropylene and paraxylene in millions of metric tons per year.  

 (2)   Capacity reflects 100 percent
for operations of ExxonMobil and majority‑owned subsidiaries. For
companies owned 50 percent or less, capacity is ExxonMobil’s interest.  

    


 


 25   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 3.       Legal
Proceedings 

 As
reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2017, on June
20, 2017, the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) and the United States
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) notified XTO Energy Inc. (XTO) concerning
alleged violations of the Clean Air Act and the Fort Berthold Indian
Reservation Federal Implementation Plan regarding the alleged failure of vapor
control systems to properly route tank vapors to control devices at well pads
and tank farms on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation. In January 2018, XTO,
the DOJ and the EPA agreed to the terms of a Consent Decree concerning those
alleged violations. XTO has agreed to pay a penalty of $320,000, install
automatic tank gauging on 30 well sites, and monitor and report emissions for
three years. Following signature by EPA and the DOJ, the Consent Decree is
subject to a 30-day public comment period and approval by the United States
Federal District Court for the District of North Dakota – Western Division, in
Bismarck, North Dakota, which is expected in March 2018. 

 As
reported in the Corporation’s Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2017, in late
April 2017, the State of North Dakota Department of Health (NDDOH) and the
North Dakota State Office of the Attorney General notified XTO of their
interest in settling alleged violations of the North Dakota Century Code and
implementing regulations regarding the alleged failure of vapor control systems
to properly route tank vapors to control devices at well pads and tank farms
outside the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation. On February 1, 2018, the South
Central Judicial District Court in Bismarck, North Dakota, approved a Consent
Decree between XTO and NDDOH concerning those alleged violations. Under the
Consent Decree, XTO will pay a civil penalty of up to $665,000, but that amount
may be reduced if specified corrective actions are achieved by deadlines set
forth in the Consent Decree. Assuming these deadlines are met, XTO anticipates
that it will pay a penalty of approximately $440,000 in the fourth quarter of
2018. XTO will monitor and report compliance with the terms of the Consent
Decree for a period of two years. 

 On
July 20, 2017, the United States Department of Treasury, Office of Foreign
Assets Control (OFAC) assessed a civil penalty against Exxon Mobil Corporation,
ExxonMobil Development Company and ExxonMobil Oil Corporation for violating the
Ukraine-Related Sanctions Regulations, 31 C.F.R. part 589. The assessed civil
penalty is in the amount of $2,000,000. ExxonMobil and its affiliates have been
and continue to be in compliance with all sanctions and disagree that any
violation has occurred. ExxonMobil and its affiliates filed a complaint on July
20, 2017, in the United States Federal District Court, Northern District of
Texas seeking judicial review of, and to enjoin, the civil penalty under the
Administrative Procedures Act and the United States Constitution, including on
the basis that it represents an arbitrary and capricious action by OFAC and a
violation of the Company’s due process rights. 

 Refer to the relevant portions of “Note 16: Litigation
and Other Contingencies” of the Financial Section of this report for additional
information on legal proceedings.  

   

 Item 4.       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 Not
applicable.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   _______________________ 
   
  
     
   
  
 



     

 
 


 26   


 
 

 


   


 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant [pursuant to
Instruction 3 to Regulation S-K, Item 401(b)]

 (positions and ages as of February 28,
2018) 

   

 
  
   
   Darren W. Woods 
   
  
   Chairman of the Board 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   Age: 53 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Darren W. Woods was President
  of ExxonMobil Refining & Supply Company August 1, 2012 –
  July 31, 2014 and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation August 1, 2012 –
  May 31, 2014. He was Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation June 1, 2014 –
  December 31, 2015. He became a Director and President of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on January 1, 2016, and Chairman of the Board and
  Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2017, positions he still
  holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Mark W. Albers 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April 1, 2007 
   
  
   Age: 61 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Mark W. Albers became
  Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on April 1, 2007,
  a position he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Neil A. Chapman 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2018 
   
  
   Age: 55 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Neil A. Chapman was Senior
  Vice President, ExxonMobil Chemical Company April 1, 2011 –
  December 31, 2014. He was President of ExxonMobil Chemical Company
  and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation January 1, 2015 – December 31, 2017. He became Senior Vice
  President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on January 1, 2018, a position he still
  holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Michael J. Dolan 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April 1, 2008 
   
  
   Age: 64 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Michael J. Dolan became
  Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on April 1, 2008,
  a position he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Andrew P. Swiger 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   April 1, 2009 
   
  
   Age: 61 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Andrew P. Swiger became
  Senior Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on April 1, 2009,
  a position he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Jack P. Williams, Jr. 
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   June 1, 2014 
   
  
   Age: 54 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Jack P. Williams, Jr. was President
  of XTO Energy Inc. June 25, 2010 – May 31, 2013. He
  was Executive Vice President of ExxonMobil Production Company
  June 1, 2013 – June 30, 2014. He became Senior Vice
  President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on June 1, 2014, a position he
  still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bradley W. Corson 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   March 1, 2015 
   
  
   Age: 56 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Bradley W. Corson was Regional Vice
  President, Europe/Caspian for ExxonMobil Production Company May 1, 2009 –
  April 30, 2014. He was Vice President, ExxonMobil Upstream Ventures
  May 1, 2014 – February 28, 2015. He became President of
  ExxonMobil Upstream Ventures and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  March 1, 2015, positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   


 


 27   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
   Neil W. Duffin 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   Age: 61 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Neil W. Duffin was
  President of ExxonMobil Development Company April 13, 2007 –
  December 31, 2016. He became President of ExxonMobil Production
  Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  January 1, 2017, positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Randall M. Ebner 
   
  
   Vice President and General Counsel 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   November 1, 2016 
   
  
   Age: 62 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Randall M. Ebner was Assistant
  General Counsel of Exxon Mobil Corporation January 1, 2009 –
  October 31, 2016. He became Vice President and General Counsel of
  Exxon Mobil Corporation on November 1, 2016, positions he still
  holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Robert S. Franklin 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   May 1, 2009 
   
  
   Age: 60 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Robert S. Franklin was President of
  ExxonMobil Upstream Ventures and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation May 1, 2009 –
  February 28, 2013. He became President of ExxonMobil Gas &
  Power Marketing Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  March 1, 2013, positions he holds as of February 28, 2018. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Stephen M. Greenlee 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   September 1, 2010 
   
  
   Age: 60 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Stephen M. Greenlee
  became President of ExxonMobil Exploration Company and Vice President of
  Exxon Mobil Corporation on September 1, 2010, positions he still
  holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liam M. Mallon 
   
  
   President, ExxonMobil Development
  Company 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   Age: 55 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Liam M. Mallon was Vice President,
  Africa, ExxonMobil Production Company
  June 1, 2012 – January 31, 2014. He was
  Executive Vice President, ExxonMobil Development Company
  February 1, 2014 – December 31, 2016. He became
  President of ExxonMobil Development Company on January 1, 2017, a
  position he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Bryan W. Milton 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   August 1, 2016 
   
  
   Age: 53 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Bryan W. Milton was President of
  ExxonMobil Global Services Company April 1, 2011 –
  July 31, 2016. He was President of ExxonMobil Fuels, Lubricants
  & Specialties Marketing Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil Corporation
  August 1, 2016 – December 31, 2017. He became President of
  ExxonMobil Fuels & Lubricants Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation on January 1, 2018, positions he still holds as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sara N. Ortwein 
   
  
   President, XTO Energy Inc., a
  subsidiary of the Corporation 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   November 1, 2016 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Ms. Sara N. Ortwein was President of
  ExxonMobil Upstream Research Company September 1, 2010 –
  October 31, 2016. She became President of XTO Energy Inc. on
  November 1, 2016, a position she still holds as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   David S. Rosenthal 
   
  
   Vice President and
  Controller 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   October 1,
  2008 (Vice President) 
   September 1, 2014 (Controller) 
   
  
     
   Age: 61 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. David S. Rosenthal was
  Vice President – Investor Relations and Secretary of Exxon Mobil Corporation
  October 1, 2008 – August 31, 2014. He became Vice
  President and Controller of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  September 1, 2014, positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
 



   


 


 28   


 
 

 


   


 

 
  
   
   Robert N.
  Schleckser 
   
  
   Vice President and Treasurer 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   May 1, 2011 
   
  
   Age: 61 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Robert N. Schleckser became
  Vice President and Treasurer of Exxon Mobil Corporation on May 1, 2011,
  positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   James M. Spellings, Jr. 
   
  
   Vice President and General Tax
  Counsel 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   March 1, 2010 
   
  
   Age: 56 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. James M. Spellings, Jr.
  became Vice President and General Tax Counsel of Exxon Mobil Corporation on
  March 1, 2010, positions he still holds as of this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   John R. Verity 
   
  
   Vice President 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   January 1, 2018 
   
  
   Age: 59 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. John R. Verity was Vice
  President, Polyolefins, ExxonMobil Chemical Company October 17, 2008 – March
  31, 2014. He was Vice President, Plastics & Resins, ExxonMobil Chemical
  Company April 1, 2014 – December 31, 2014. He was Senior Vice President,
  Polymers, ExxonMobil Chemical Company January 1, 2015 – December 31, 2017. He
  became President of ExxonMobil Chemical Company and Vice President of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation on January 1, 2018, positions he still holds as of this filing
  date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Theodore J. Wojnar, Jr. 
   
  
   Vice President – Corporate Strategic
  Planning 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   August 1, 2017 
   
  
   Age: 58 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Theodore J. Wojnar, Jr. was
  President of ExxonMobil Research and Engineering Company April 1, 2011 – July
  31, 2017. He became Vice President – Corporate Strategic Planning of Exxon
  Mobil Corporation on August 1, 2017, a position he still holds as of this
  filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Jeffrey J. Woodbury 
   
  
   Vice President – Investor
  Relations and Secretary 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Held current title since: 
   
  
   July
  1, 2011 (Vice President) 
   September 1, 2014 (Secretary) 
   
  
     
   Age: 57 
   
  
 
   
   Mr. Jeffrey J. Woodbury was Vice
  President, Safety, Security, Health and Environment of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation July 1, 2011 – August 31, 2014. He
  became Vice President – Investor Relations and Secretary of Exxon Mobil
  Corporation on September 1, 2014, positions he still holds as of
  this filing date. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Officers are generally elected by the Board of
Directors at its meeting on the day of each annual election of directors, with
each such officer serving until a successor has been elected and qualified.  


 


 29   


 
 

 


   


 
  

  PART II 

 Item 5.       Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Reference
is made to the “Quarterly Information” portion of the Financial Section of this
report and Item 12 in Part III of this report.  

   

 
  
   
   Issuer Purchases of
  Equity Securities for Quarter Ended December 31, 2017 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Number of 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Purchased as 
   
  
   Maximum Number 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Part of Publicly 
   
  
   of Shares that May 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Number of 
   
  
   Average Price 
   
  
   Announced  
   
  
   Yet Be Purchased 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
   Paid per 
   
  
   Plans or  
   
  
   Under the Plans or 
   
  
 
   
   Period 
   
  
   Purchased 
   
  
   Share 
   
  
   Programs 
   
  
   Programs 
   
  
 
   
   October 2017 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   November 2017 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 2017 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (See Note 1) 
   
  
 



   

 During the fourth quarter, the Corporation did not purchase
any shares of its common stock for the treasury. 

 Note 1 - On August 1, 2000, the Corporation announced its
intention to resume purchases of shares of its common stock for the treasury
both to offset shares issued in conjunction with company benefit plans and
programs and to gradually reduce the number of shares outstanding. The
announcement did not specify an amount or expiration date. The Corporation has
continued to purchase shares since this announcement and to report purchased
volumes in its quarterly earnings releases. In its earnings release dated February
2, 2016, the Corporation stated it will continue to acquire shares to offset
dilution in conjunction with benefit plans and programs, but had suspended
making purchases to reduce shares outstanding effective beginning the first
quarter of 2016. 

   

 Item 6.       Selected Financial
Data 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years Ended December 31,  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except per share
  amounts)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   239,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   367,647 
   
  
     
   
  
   393,039 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share - assuming dilution 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37 
   
  
 
   
   Cash dividends
  per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.46 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   346,808 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,891 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 (1)   Effective December 31, 2017, the
Corporation revised its accounting policy election related to sales-based taxes.
See Note 2: Accounting Changes of the Financial Section of this report. As a
result, Sales and other operating revenue excludes previously reported
sales-based taxes of $17,980 million in 2016, $19,634 million in 2015, $26,458
million in 2014 and $27,797 million in 2013. 

   

 Item 7.       Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

 Reference is made to the section entitled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in
the Financial Section of this report. 


 


 30   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 7A.    Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

 Reference is made to the section entitled “Market Risks,
Inflation and Other Uncertainties”, excluding the part entitled “Inflation and
Other Uncertainties”, in the Financial Section of this report. All statements,
other than historical information incorporated in this Item 7A, are
forward-looking statements. The actual impact of future market changes could
differ materially due to, among other things, factors discussed in this report.
 

   

 Item 8.       Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 Reference is made to the following in the Financial
Section of this report:   

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   Consolidated financial statements, together with the
  report thereon of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated
  February 28, 2018, beginning with the section entitled “Report of
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and continuing through
  “Note 20: Acquisitions”;  
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Quarterly Information” (unaudited);  
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration
  and Production Activities” (unaudited); and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   “Frequently Used Terms” (unaudited).  
   
  
 



 Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted
because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the
consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

   

 Item 9.       Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

 None. 

   

 Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures 

 Management’s Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

 As indicated in the certifications in Exhibit 31 of this
report, the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer
and Principal Accounting Officer have evaluated the Corporation’s disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2017. Based on that
evaluation, these officers have concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure
controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that information required to
be disclosed by the Corporation in the reports that it files or submits under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is accumulated and
communicated to them in a manner that allows for timely decisions regarding
required disclosures and are effective in ensuring that such information is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms.  

 Management’s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

 Management, including the Corporation’s Chief Executive
Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the
Corporation’s financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria
established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on
this evaluation, management concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017.  

 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, audited the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, as stated in
their report included in the Financial Section of this report.  

 Changes in Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting  

 There were no changes during the Corporation’s last fiscal
quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting.  

   

 Item 9B.     Other Information 

 None. 


 


 31   


 
 

 


   


 
  

  PART III 

 Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance 

 Reference is made to the section of this report titled
“Executive Officers of the Registrant [pursuant to Instruction 3 to Regulation
S-K, Item 401(b)]”. 

 Incorporated by reference to the following from the
registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2018 annual meeting of
shareholders (the “2018 Proxy Statement”):  

 
  
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The section entitled “Election of Directors”; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The portion entitled “Section 16(a) Beneficial
  Ownership Reporting Compliance” of the section entitled “Director and Executive
  Officer Stock Ownership”; 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The portions entitled “Director Qualifications”,
  “Board Succession” and “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” of the section
  entitled “Corporate Governance”; and 
   
  
 
   
   ·         
      
   
  
   The “Audit Committee” portion, “Director
  Independence” portion and the membership table of the portions entitled
  “Board Meetings and Annual Meeting Attendance” and “Board Committees” of the
  section entitled “Corporate Governance”. 
   
  
 



   

 Item 11.     Executive Compensation 

 Incorporated by reference to the sections entitled
“Director Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Report”, “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis”, “Executive Compensation Tables” and “Pay Ratio” of
the registrant’s 2018 Proxy Statement.  

   

 Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The information required under Item 403 of Regulation S-K
is incorporated by reference to the sections “Director and Executive Officer
Stock Ownership” and “Certain Beneficial Owners” of the registrant’s 2018 Proxy
Statement.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Equity Compensation Plan Information 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (a) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (b) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (c) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number of Securities 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted- 
   
  
     
   
  
   Remaining Available  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average 
   
  
     
   
  
   for Future Issuance 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number of Securities 
   
  
     
   
  
   Exercise Price  
   
  
     
   
  
    Under Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
    to be Issued Upon  
   
  
     
   
  
   of Outstanding 
   
  
     
   
  
    Compensation  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exercise of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Options,  
   
  
     
   
  
   Plans [Excluding 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Outstanding Options,  
   
  
     
   
  
   Warrants and  
   
  
     
   
  
   Securities Reflected  
   
  
 
   
   Plan Category 
   
  
   Warrants and Rights 
   
  
     
   
  
   Rights 
   
  
     
   
  
   in Column (a)] 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  compensation plans approved by security holders 
   
  
   37,374,885 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,100,173 
   
  
   (2)(3) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   37,374,885 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,100,173 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   The number of restricted stock units
to be settled in shares.  

 (2)   Available shares can be granted in
the form of restricted stock, options, or other stock-based awards. Includes
88,595,473 shares available for award under the 2003 Incentive Program and 504,700
shares available for award under the 2004 Non‑Employee Director
Restricted Stock Plan.  

 (3)   Under the 2004 Non-Employee Director
Restricted Stock Plan approved by shareholders in May 2004, and the related
standing resolution adopted by the Board, each non-employee director
automatically receives 8,000 shares of restricted stock when first elected to
the Board and, if the director remains in office, an additional 2,500
restricted shares each following year. While on the Board, each non-employee
director receives the same cash dividends on restricted shares as a holder of
regular common stock, but the director is not allowed to sell the shares. The
restricted shares may be forfeited if the director leaves the Board early.  


 


 32   


 
 

 


   


 
 Item 13.     Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

 Incorporated by reference to the portions entitled “Related
Person Transactions and Procedures” and “Director Independence” of the section
entitled “Corporate Governance” of the registrant’s 2018 Proxy Statement.  

   

 Item 14.     Principal Accounting
Fees and Services 

 Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Audit
Committee” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the section
entitled “Ratification of Independent Auditors” of the registrant’s 2018 Proxy
Statement.  

   

 PART IV 

 Item 15.     Exhibits, Financial
Statement Schedules 

 (a)       (1) and
(2) Financial Statements:  

            See Table of Contents
of the Financial Section of this report.  

 (a)       (3)
Exhibits:  

            See Index to Exhibits
of this report.  

   

 Item 16.     FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

 None. 


 


 33   


 
 

 


   


 
  

  FINANCIAL
SECTION 

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
   TABLE OF CONTENTS 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Business Profile 
   
  
     35  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Financial Information 
   
  
     36  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Frequently Used Terms 
   
  
     37  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Quarterly Information 
   
  
     39  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
  of Financial Condition  
   and Results of Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Functional Earnings 
   
  
     40  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Forward-Looking Statements 
   
  
     40  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Overview 
   
  
     40  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Business Environment and Risk
  Assessment 
   
  
     41  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Review of 2017 and 2016 Results 
   
  
     44  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Liquidity and Capital Resources 
   
  
     47  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capital and Exploration Expenditures 
   
  
     51  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes 
   
  
     52  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Environmental Matters 
   
  
     53  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Market Risks, Inflation and Other
  Uncertainties 
   
  
     53  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Recently Issued Accounting
  Standards                                                              
   
  
     55  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Critical Accounting Estimates 
   
  
     55  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Management’s Report on Internal
  Control Over Financial Reporting 
   
  
     60  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Report of Independent Registered
  Public Accounting Firm 
   
  
     61  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Income 
   
  
     63  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Comprehensive Income 
   
  
     64  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance Sheet 
   
  
     65  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Cash Flows 
   
  
     66  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Statement of Changes in Equity 
   
  
     67  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Notes to Consolidated Financial
  Statements 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     1. Summary of Accounting
  Policies 
   
  
     68  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     2. Accounting Changes 
   
  
     72  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     3. Miscellaneous
  Financial Information 
   
  
     73  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     4. Other Comprehensive
  Income Information 
   
  
     74  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     5. Cash Flow Information 
   
  
     75  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     6. Additional Working
  Capital Information 
   
  
     75  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     7. Equity Company
  Information 
   
  
     76  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     8. Investments, Advances
  and Long-Term Receivables 
   
  
     78  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     9. Property, Plant and
  Equipment and Asset Retirement Obligations 
   
  
     78  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   10. Accounting for Suspended
  Exploratory Well Costs 
   
  
     80  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   11. Leased Facilities 
   
  
     82  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   12. Earnings Per Share 
   
  
     83  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   13. Financial Instruments and
  Derivatives 
   
  
     83  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   14. Long-Term Debt 
   
  
     84  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   15. Incentive Program 
   
  
     85  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   16. Litigation and Other
  Contingencies 
   
  
     86  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   17. Pension and Other Postretirement
  Benefits 
   
  
     88  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   18. Disclosures about Segments and
  Related Information 
   
  
     96  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   19. Income and Other Taxes 
   
  
     99  
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   20. Acquisitions 
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration
  and Production Activities 
   
  
   104 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Operating Information 
   
  
     119 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 










 


 34   


 
 

 


 BUSINESS PROFILE 

   


 
    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Return on 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Capital and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings After 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   Average Capital 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income Taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   Employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   Employed 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Expenditures 
   
  
 
   
   Financial 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,896 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6.7) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,518 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,347 
   
  
     
   
  
   109,778 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,941 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.0 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,024 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,695 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,542 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,573 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   14.4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   823 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,578 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,231 
   
  
     
   
  
   25.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   21.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,623 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,514 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,804 
   
  
     
   
  
   24.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,462 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,672 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   20.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   20.8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,583 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,553 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.3 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   654 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,516 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,844 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,207 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,073) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,477) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   222,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   212,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,304 
   
  
 



   

 See Frequently Used Terms for a definition
and calculation of capital employed and return on average capital employed. 

 
 
 
   

 
  
   
   Operating 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Net liquids
  production 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,508 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,591 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   1,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,871 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   2,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,678 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,365 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   4,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,269 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Petroleum
  product sales  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,078 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,250 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   7,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,049 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   3,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,232 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   10,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,127 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,482 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of
  oil-equivalent barrels daily) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent production  (1)  
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   Chemical prime product sales 
   (2) (3) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   9,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,576 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   16,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,349 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   25,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,925 
   
  
 



   

 (1)     
 Gas converted to
oil-equivalent at 6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels. 

 (2)     
 Petroleum product and
chemical prime product sales data reported net of purchases/sales contracts
with the same counterparty. 

 (3)     
 Prime product sales are
total product sales including ExxonMobil’s share of equity company volumes and
finished-product transfers to the Downstream. 

    









 


 35   


 
 

 


 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

   


 
    

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except per share
  amounts) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   239,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   367,647 
   
  
     
   
  
   393,039 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,548 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,841 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,449 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,418 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,828 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,538) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,580 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share – assuming dilution 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.60 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.37 
   
  
 
   
   Cash dividends
  per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.46 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings to
  average ExxonMobil share of equity (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Working capital 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10,637) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,222) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,353) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11,723) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,416) 
   
  
 
   
   Ratio of current
  assets to current liabilities (times) 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.82 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.87 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.79 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.82 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.83 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,901 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,741 
   
  
 
   
   Property, plant
  and equipment, less allowances 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,224 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,605 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   243,650 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758 
   
  
     
   
  
   349,493 
   
  
     
   
  
   346,808 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exploration
  expenses, including dry holes 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,669 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,976 
   
  
 
   
   Research and
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,063 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   971 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,044 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,653 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,891 
   
  
 
   
   Total debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,336 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,762 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,699 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed-charge
  coverage ratio (times) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   46.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   55.7 
   
  
 
   
   Debt to capital
  (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.0 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.2 
   
  
 
   
   Net debt to
  capital (percent)  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
   16.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   11.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity at year-end 
   
  
     
   
  
   187,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,003 
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity per common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.28 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.34 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.10 
   
  
     
   
  
   41.51 
   
  
     
   
  
   40.14 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average
  number of common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   outstanding
  (millions) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,419 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  regular employees at year-end (thousands)  (3)  
   
  
     
   
  
   69.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   71.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   73.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   75.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   75.0 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   CORS employees
  not included above (thousands)  (4)  
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.8 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Effective December 31, 2017, the
Corporation revised its accounting policy election related to sales-based
taxes. See Note 2 to the financial statements, Accounting Changes. As a result,
Sales and other operating revenue excludes previously reported sales-based
taxes of $17,980 million for 2016, $19,634 million for 2015, $26,458 million
for 2014 and $27,797 million for 2013.  

 (2)   Debt net of cash, excluding
restricted cash.  

 (3)   Regular employees are defined as
active executive, management, professional, technical and wage employees who
work full time or part time for the Corporation and are covered by the
Corporation’s benefit plans and programs.  

 (4)   CORS employees are employees of
company-operated retail sites.  



 
  




 


 36   


 
 

 


 FREQUENTLY USED TERMS  

   


 
  

  Listed below are definitions of several of
ExxonMobil’s key business and financial performance measures. These definitions
are provided to facilitate understanding of the terms and their calculation.  

 Cash Flow From Operations and Asset Sales  

 Cash
flow from operations and asset sales is the sum of the net cash provided by
operating activities and proceeds associated with sales of subsidiaries,
property, plant and equipment, and sales and returns of investments from the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. This cash flow reflects the total sources
of cash from both operating the Corporation’s assets and from the divesting of
assets. The Corporation employs a long-standing and regular disciplined review
process to ensure that all assets are contributing to the Corporation’s
strategic objectives. Assets are divested when they are no longer meeting these
objectives or are worth considerably more to others. Because of the regular
nature of this activity, we believe it is useful for investors to consider
proceeds associated with asset sales together with cash provided by operating
activities when evaluating cash available for investment in the business and
financing activities, including shareholder distributions.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Cash flow
  from operations and asset sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,344 
   
  
 
   
   Proceeds
  associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant and equipment,  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   and sales and
  returns of investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash flow from
  operations and asset sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,169 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,733 
   
  
 



   

 Capital Employed  

 Capital
employed is a measure of net investment. When viewed from the perspective of
how the capital is used by the businesses, it includes ExxonMobil’s net share
of property, plant and equipment and other assets less liabilities, excluding
both short-term and long-term debt. When viewed from the perspective of the
sources of capital employed in total for the Corporation, it includes
ExxonMobil’s share of total debt and equity. Both of these views include
ExxonMobil’s share of amounts applicable to equity companies, which the
Corporation believes should be included to provide a more comprehensive measure
of capital employed.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Business uses:
  asset and liability perspective 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758 
   
  
 
   
   Less liabilities
  and noncontrolling interests share of assets and liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total current
  liabilities excluding notes and loans payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39,841) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33,808) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (35,214) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total long-term
  liabilities excluding long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (72,014) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79,914) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (86,047) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Noncontrolling
  interests share of assets and liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,298) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,031) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,286) 
   
  
 
   
   Add ExxonMobil
  share of debt-financed equity company net assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,447 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   212,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   211,658 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total corporate
  sources: debt and equity perspective 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and loans
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,830 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,762 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,932 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,925 
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   187,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811 
   
  
 
   
   Less
  noncontrolling interests share of total debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,486) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,526) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,287) 
   
  
 
   
   Add ExxonMobil
  share of equity company debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,929 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,447 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   232,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   212,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   211,658 
   
  
 




 


 37   


 
 

 


 FREQUENTLY USED TERMS  

   


 
 Return on Average Capital Employed  

 Return
on average capital employed (ROCE) is a performance measure ratio. From the
perspective of the business segments, ROCE is annual business segment earnings
divided by average business segment capital employed (average of beginning and
end-of-year amounts). These segment earnings include ExxonMobil’s share of
segment earnings of equity companies, consistent with our capital employed
definition, and exclude the cost of financing. The Corporation’s total ROCE is
net income attributable to ExxonMobil excluding the after-tax cost of
financing, divided by total corporate average capital employed. The Corporation
has consistently applied its ROCE definition for many years and views it as the
best measure of historical capital productivity in our capital-intensive,
long-term industry, both to evaluate management’s performance and to demonstrate
to shareholders that capital has been used wisely over the long term.
Additional measures, which are more cash flow based, are used to make
investment decisions.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Return on
  average capital employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
 
   
   Financing costs
  (after tax) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Gross
  third-party debt 
   
  
     
   
  
   (709) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (683) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (362) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   (204) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   All other
  financing costs – net 
   
  
     
   
  
   515 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total financing
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (398) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (485) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (444) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings
  excluding financing costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,594 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Average capital
  employed 
   
  
     
   
  
   222,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   212,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   208,755 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Return on
  average capital employed – corporate total 
   
  
     
   
  
   9.0% 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.9% 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.9% 
   
  
 











 


 38   


 
 

 


 QUARTERLY INFORMATION  

   


 

 
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
   Second 
   
  
   Third 
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   First 
   
  
   Second 
   
  
   Third 
   
  
   Fourth 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Year 
   
  
     
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Quarter 
   
  
   Year 
   
  
 
   
   Volumes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Production of
  crude oil, 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   natural gas
  liquids, 
   
  
   2,333 
   
  
   2,269 
   
  
   2,280 
   
  
   2,251 
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,538 
   
  
   2,330 
   
  
   2,211 
   
  
   2,384 
   
  
   2,365 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   synthetic oil and
  bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
   4,324 
   
  
   4,345 
   
  
   4,287 
   
  
   4,207 
   
  
   4,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,185 
   
  
   4,152 
   
  
   4,365 
   
  
   4,371 
   
  
   4,269 
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum product
  sales  (1)  
   
  
   5,395 
   
  
   5,558 
   
  
   5,542 
   
  
   5,624 
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,334 
   
  
   5,500 
   
  
   5,585 
   
  
   5,506 
   
  
   5,482 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production 
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   available for sale 
   
  
   10,908 
   
  
   9,920 
   
  
   9,585 
   
  
   10,441 
   
  
   10,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,724 
   
  
   9,762 
   
  
   9,601 
   
  
   10,424 
   
  
   10,127 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent barrels
  daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production  (2)  
   
  
   4,151 
   
  
   3,922 
   
  
   3,878 
   
  
   3,991 
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,325 
   
  
   3,957 
   
  
   3,811 
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical prime
  product sales  (1)  
   
  
   6,072 
   
  
   6,120 
   
  
   6,446 
   
  
   6,782 
   
  
   25,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,173 
   
  
   6,310 
   
  
   6,133 
   
  
   6,309 
   
  
   24,925 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Summarized
  financial data 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating 
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   revenue  (3)  
   
  
   56,474 
   
  
   56,026 
   
  
   59,350 
   
  
   65,312 
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,032 
   
  
   51,714 
   
  
   52,123 
   
  
   53,759 
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
 
   
   Gross profit  (4)  
   
  
   13,751 
   
  
   12,773 
   
  
   14,704 
   
  
   13,696 
   
  
   54,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,999 
   
  
   11,687 
   
  
   11,774 
   
  
   8,762 
   
  
   42,222 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil  (5) 
   
  
   4,010 
   
  
   3,350 
   
  
   3,970 
   
  
   8,380 
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,810 
   
  
   1,700 
   
  
   2,650 
   
  
   1,680 
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Per share data 
   
  
   (dollars per share) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share  (6)  
   
  
   0.95 
   
  
   0.78 
   
  
   0.93 
   
  
   1.97 
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.43 
   
  
   0.41 
   
  
   0.63 
   
  
   0.41 
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   – assuming
  dilution  (6)  
   
  
   0.95 
   
  
   0.78 
   
  
   0.93 
   
  
   1.97 
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.43 
   
  
   0.41 
   
  
   0.63 
   
  
   0.41 
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
 
   
   Dividends per
  common share 
   
  
   0.75 
   
  
   0.77 
   
  
   0.77 
   
  
   0.77 
   
  
   3.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.73 
   
  
   0.75 
   
  
   0.75 
   
  
   0.75 
   
  
   2.98 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common stock
  prices 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   High 
   
  
   91.34 
   
  
   83.69 
   
  
   82.49 
   
  
   84.36 
   
  
   91.34 
   
  
     
   
  
   85.10 
   
  
   93.83 
   
  
   95.55 
   
  
   93.22 
   
  
   95.55 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Low 
   
  
   80.31 
   
  
   79.26 
   
  
   76.05 
   
  
   80.01 
   
  
   76.05 
   
  
     
   
  
   71.55 
   
  
   81.99 
   
  
   82.29 
   
  
   82.76 
   
  
   71.55 
   
  
 



   

 (1)    Petroleum product and chemical prime
product sales data reported net of purchases/sales contracts with the same
counterparty. 

 (2)   Gas converted to oil-equivalent at
6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels.  

 (3)   Effective December 31, 2017, the
Corporation revised its accounting policy election related to sales-based
taxes. See Note 2 to the financial statements, Accounting Changes. As a result,
Sales and other operating revenue excludes previously reported sales-based
taxes of $4,616 million for first quarter 2017, $4,799 million for second quarter
2017, $5,065 million for third quarter 2017, $4,073 million for first quarter
2016, $4,646 million for second quarter 2016, $4,644 million for third quarter
2016, $4,617 million for fourth quarter 2016, and $17,980 million for the year
2016.  

 (4)   Gross profit equals sales and other
operating revenue less estimated costs associated with products sold. Effective
December 31, 2017, the Corporation revised its accounting policy election
related to sales-based taxes, which reduced previously reported gross profit by
the amounts shown in note (3) above. See Note 2 to the financial statements,
Accounting Changes. 

 (5)   Fourth quarter 2017 included a U.S.
tax reform impact of $5,942 million and an impairment charge of $1,294 million.
Fourth quarter 2016 included an impairment charge of $2,135 million. 

 (6)   Computed using the average number of
shares outstanding during each period. The sum of the four quarters may not add
to the full year.  

   

 The intraday
price range of ExxonMobil common stock is as reported on the composite tape of
the several U.S. exchanges where ExxonMobil common stock is traded. The
principal market where ExxonMobil common stock (XOM) is traded is the New York
Stock Exchange, although the stock is traded on other exchanges in and
outside the United States.  

 There
were 386,892 registered shareholders of ExxonMobil common stock at
December 31, 2017. At January 31, 2018, the registered shareholders
of ExxonMobil common stock numbered 384,745.  

 On January 31,
2018, the Corporation declared a $0.77 dividend per common share, payable March
9, 2018. 



 
  




 


 39   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
    

 
  
   
   FUNCTIONAL
  EARNINGS 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars, except per share amounts) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings
  (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,079) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,347 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,180 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,901 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,656 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,032 
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share – assuming dilution 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
 



   

 References in this discussion to total
corporate earnings mean net income attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) from
the consolidated income statement. Unless otherwise indicated, references to
earnings, Upstream, Downstream, Chemical and Corporate and financing segment
earnings, and earnings per share are ExxonMobil’s share after excluding amounts
attributable to noncontrolling interests. 

 
 
 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

 Statements
in this discussion regarding expectations, plans and future events or
conditions are forward-looking statements. Actual future financial and
operating results or conditions, including demand growth and energy source mix;
government policies relating to climate change; project plans, capacities,
schedules and costs; production growth and mix; rates of field decline; asset
carrying values; proved reserves; financing sources; the resolution of
contingencies and uncertain tax positions; and environmental and capital
expenditures; could differ materially depending on a number of factors, such as
changes in the supply of and demand for crude oil, natural gas, and petroleum
and petrochemical products and resulting price impacts; the outcome of
commercial negotiations; the impact of fiscal and commercial terms; political
or regulatory events; the outcome of exploration and development projects, and
other factors discussed herein and in Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

 The
term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different
activities and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government
payment transparency reports. 

   

 OVERVIEW  

 The
following discussion and analysis of ExxonMobil’s financial results, as well as
the accompanying financial statements and related notes to consolidated
financial statements to which they refer, are the responsibility of the
management of Exxon Mobil Corporation. The Corporation’s accounting and
financial reporting fairly reflect its straightforward business model involving
the extracting, manufacturing and marketing of hydrocarbons and
hydrocarbon-based products. The Corporation’s business model involves the
production (or purchase), manufacture and sale of physical products, and all
commercial activities are directly in support of the underlying physical
movement of goods.  

 ExxonMobil,
with its resource base, financial strength, disciplined investment approach and
technology portfolio, is well‑positioned to participate in substantial
investments to develop new energy supplies. The company’s integrated business
model, with significant investments in Upstream, Downstream and Chemical
segments, reduces the Corporation’s risk from changes in commodity prices. While
commodity prices are volatile on a short-term basis and depend on supply and
demand, ExxonMobil’s investment decisions are based on our long-term business
outlook, using a disciplined approach in selecting and pursuing the most
attractive investment opportunities. The corporate plan is a fundamental annual
management process that is the basis for setting near-term operating and
capital objectives in addition to providing the longer-term economic
assumptions used for investment evaluation purposes. Volumes are based on
individual field production profiles, which are also updated annually. Price
ranges for crude oil, natural gas, refined products, and chemical products are
based on corporate plan assumptions developed annually by major region and are
utilized for investment evaluation purposes. Major investment opportunities are
evaluated over a range of economic scenarios. Once major investments are made,
a reappraisal process is completed to ensure relevant lessons are learned and
improvements are incorporated into future projects.  


 


 40   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT AND RISK ASSESSMENT  

 Long-Term Business Outlook  

 The
basis for the Long‑Term Business Outlook is the Corporation’s annual  Outlook
for Energy , which is used to help inform our long‑term business
strategies and investment plans. By 2040, the world’s population is projected
to grow to approximately 9.2 billion people, or about 1.7 billion
more than in 2016. Coincident with this population increase, the Corporation
expects worldwide economic growth to average close to 3 percent per year.
As economies and populations grow, and as living standards improve for billions
of people, the need for energy will continue to rise. Even with significant
efficiency gains, global energy demand is projected to rise by about
25 percent from 2016 to 2040. This demand increase is expected to be
concentrated in developing countries (i.e., those that are not member nations
of the Organisation for Economic Co‑operation and Development). 

 As
expanding prosperity drives global energy demand higher, increasing use of
energy‑efficient technologies and practices as well as lower-emission
fuels will continue to help significantly reduce energy consumption and
emissions per unit of economic output over time. Substantial efficiency gains
are likely in all key aspects of the world’s economy through 2040, affecting
energy requirements for transportation, power generation, industrial
applications, and residential and commercial needs. 

 Energy
for transportation – including cars, trucks, ships, trains and airplanes – is
expected to increase by about 30 percent from 2016 to 2040. The growth in
transportation energy demand is likely to account for approximately
60 percent of the growth in liquid fuels demand worldwide over this
period, even as liquids demand for light-duty vehicles is relatively flat to
2040, reflecting the impact of better fleet fuel economy and significant growth
in electric cars over the period. Nearly all the world’s transportation fleets
are likely to continue to run on liquid fuels, which are abundant, widely
available, easy to transport, and provide a large quantity of energy in small
volumes. 

 Demand
for electricity around the world is likely to increase approximately
60 percent from 2016 to 2040, with developing countries accounting for
about 85 percent of the increase. Consistent with this projection, power
generation is expected to remain the largest and fastest‑growing major
segment of global primary energy demand. Meeting the expected growth in power
demand will require a diverse set of energy sources. The share of coal‑fired
generation is likely to decline substantially and approach 25 percent of
the world’s electricity in 2040, versus nearly 40 percent in 2016, in part as a
result of policies to improve air quality as well as reduce greenhouse gas
emissions to address the risks of climate change. From 2016 to 2040, the amount
of electricity supplied using natural gas, nuclear power, and renewables is
likely to nearly double, and account for about 95 percent of the growth in
electricity supplies. Renewables in total, led by wind and solar, will account
for about half of the increase in electricity supplies worldwide over the
period to 2040, reaching nearly 35 percent of global electricity supplies by
2040. Natural gas and nuclear will also gain share over the period to 2040,
reaching about 25 percent and 12 percent of global electricity supplies
respectively by 2040. Supplies of electricity by energy type will reflect
significant differences across regions reflecting a wide range of factors
including the cost and availability of various energy supplies. 

 Liquid
fuels provide the largest share of global energy supplies today reflecting
broad-based availability, affordability, ease of distribution, and fitness as a
practical solution to meet a wide variety of needs. By 2040, global demand for
liquid fuels is projected to grow to approximately 118 million barrels of
oil‑equivalent per day, an increase of about 20 percent from 2016.
Much of this demand today is met by crude production from traditional
conventional sources; these supplies will remain important as significant
development activity is expected to offset much of the natural declines from
these fields. At the same time, a variety of emerging supply sources –
including tight oil, deepwater, oil sands, natural gas liquids and biofuels –
are expected to grow to help meet rising demand. The world’s resource base is
sufficient to meet projected demand through 2040 as technology advances
continue to expand the availability of economic supply options. However, access
to resources and timely investments will remain critical to meeting global
needs with reliable, affordable supplies. 

 Natural
gas is a versatile fuel, suitable for a wide variety of applications, and it is
expected to grow the most of any primary energy type from 2016 to 2040, meeting
more than 35 percent of global energy demand growth. Global natural gas
demand is expected to rise nearly 40 percent from 2016 to 2040, with about
45 percent of that increase in the Asia Pacific region. Helping meet these
needs will be significant growth in supplies of unconventional gas ‑ the
natural gas found in shale and other rock formations that was once considered
uneconomic to produce. In total, about 55 percent of the growth in natural
gas supplies is expected to be from unconventional sources. At the same time,
conventionally-produced natural gas is likely to remain the cornerstone of
supply, meeting about two‑thirds of global demand in 2040. Worldwide liquefied
natural gas (LNG) trade will expand significantly, meeting about one-third of
the increase in demand growth, with much of this supply expected to help meet
rising demand in Asia Pacific. 

 The
world’s energy mix is highly diverse and will remain so through 2040. Oil is
expected to remain the largest source of energy with its share remaining close
to one‑third in 2040. Coal is currently the second largest source of
energy, but it is likely to lose that position to natural gas in the 2020-2025
timeframe. The share of natural gas is expected to reach 25 percent by
2040, while the share of coal falls to about 20 percent. Nuclear power is
projected to grow significantly, as many nations are likely to expand nuclear
capacity to address rising electricity needs as well as energy security and
environmental issues. Total renewable energy is likely to exceed
15 percent of global energy by 2040, with biomass, hydro and geothermal
contributing a combined share of more  
 


 41   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 than
10 percent. Total energy supplied from wind, solar and biofuels is
expected to increase rapidly, growing nearly 250 percent from 2016 to
2040, when they will be about 5 percent of world energy. 

 The
Corporation anticipates that the world’s available oil and gas resource base
will grow not only from new discoveries, but also from reserve increases in
previously discovered fields. Technology will underpin these increases. The
cost to develop and supply these resources will be significant. According to
the International Energy Agency’s  World Energy Outlook 2017 , the
investment required to meet oil and natural gas supply requirements worldwide
over the period 2017‑2040 will be about $21 trillion (New Policies
Scenario, measured in 2016 dollars) or approximately $860 billion per year
on average. 

 International
accords and underlying regional and national regulations covering greenhouse
gas emissions continue to evolve with uncertain timing and outcome, making it
difficult to predict their business impact. For many years, the Corporation has
taken into account policies established to reduce energy‑related
greenhouse gas emissions in its long-term  Outlook for Energy . The
climate accord reached at the Conference of the Parties (COP 21) in Paris
set many new goals, and many related policies are still emerging. Our  Outlook  
reflects an environment with increasingly stringent climate policies and is
consistent with the aggregation of Nationally Determined Contributions which
were submitted by signatories to the United Nations Framework Convention on
Climate Change (UNFCCC) 2015 Paris Agreement. Our  Outlook   seeks to
identify potential impacts of climate‑related policies, which often
target specific sectors, by using various assumptions and tools including
application of a proxy cost of carbon to estimate potential impacts on consumer
demands. For purposes of the  Outlook , a proxy cost on energy-related CO 2 
emissions is assumed to reach about $80 per tonne on average in 2040 in OECD
nations. China and other leading non-OECD nations are expected to trail OECD
policy initiatives. Nevertheless, as people and nations look for ways to reduce
risks of global climate change, they will continue to need practical solutions
that do not jeopardize the affordability or reliability of the energy they
need.  

 Practical
solutions to the world’s energy and climate challenges will benefit from market
competition as well as well‑informed, well‑designed, and
transparent policy approaches that carefully weigh costs and benefits. Such
policies are likely to help manage the risks of climate change while also
enabling societies to pursue other high priority goals around the
world – including clean air and water, access to reliable, affordable
energy, and economic progress for all people. All practical and economically‑viable
energy sources, both conventional and unconventional, will need to be pursued
to continue meeting global energy demand, recognizing the scale and variety of
worldwide energy needs as well as the importance of expanding access to modern
energy to promote better standards of living for billions of people.  

 The
information provided in the Long‑Term Business Outlook includes
ExxonMobil’s internal estimates and forecasts based upon internal data and
analyses as well as publicly available information from external sources
including the International Energy Agency. 

   

 Upstream  

 ExxonMobil
continues to maintain a diverse portfolio of exploration and development opportunities,
which enables the Corporation to be selective, maximizing shareholder value and
mitigating political and technical risks. ExxonMobil’s fundamental Upstream
business strategies guide our global exploration, development, production, and
gas and power marketing activities. These strategies include capturing material
and accretive opportunities to continually high-grade the resource portfolio,
selectively developing attractive oil and natural gas resources, developing and
applying high-impact technologies, and pursuing productivity and efficiency
gains. These strategies are underpinned by a relentless focus on operational
excellence, development of our employees, and investment in the communities
within which we operate.  

 As
future development projects and drilling activities bring new production
online, the Corporation expects a shift in the geographic mix and in the type
of opportunities from which volumes are produced. Oil equivalent production
from North America is expected to increase over the next several years based on
current investment plans, contributing over a third of total production.
Further, the proportion of our global production from resource types utilizing
specialized technologies such as unconventional drilling and production systems,
LNG, deepwater, and arctic, is a majority of production and is expected to grow
over the next few years. We do not anticipate that the expected change in the
geographic mix of production volumes, and in the types of opportunities from
which volumes will be produced, will have a material impact on the nature and
the extent of the risks disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, or result in a
material change in our level of unit operating expenses.  

 The
Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few
years providing additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will
vary from year to year due to the timing of individual project start-ups;
operational outages; reservoir performance; performance of enhanced oil
recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and commercial
terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on production sharing
contracts; changes in the amount and timing of capital investments that may
vary depending on the oil and gas price environment; and other factors
described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

 The
upstream industry environment continued to recover in 2017 as crude oil prices
increased in response to tighter supply and higher demand; gas prices also
improved with increasing demand, particularly in Asia. The markets for crude
oil and natural gas have a history of significant price volatility. ExxonMobil
believes prices over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply
and demand, with the demand side largely being a function of general economic
activities and levels of prosperity. On the  
 


 42   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 supply
side, prices may be significantly impacted by political events, the actions of
OPEC and other large government resource owners, and other factors. To manage
the risks associated with price, ExxonMobil evaluates annual plans and major
investments across a range of price scenarios.  

 In
2017, our Upstream business produced 4 million oil‑equivalent
barrels per day. During the year, we added over 200,000 oil‑equivalent
barrels per day of gross production capacity through project start‑ups in
Eastern Canada (Hebron) and at our Sakhalin‑1 operation in Russia (Odoptu
Stage 2). We added 2.7 billion oil‑equivalent barrels of proved
reserves, reflecting a 183 percent replacement of 2017 production. We also
made strategic acquisitions in Papua New Guinea, Mozambique, and U.S. tight
oil, and continued to have exploration success in Guyana. 

   

 Downstream  

 ExxonMobil’s
Downstream is a large, diversified business with refining, logistics, and
marketing complexes around the world. The Corporation has a presence in mature
markets in North America and Europe, as well as in the growing Asia Pacific
region. 

 ExxonMobil’s
fundamental Downstream business strategies competitively position the company
across a range of market conditions. These strategies include targeting best‑in‑class
operations in all aspects of the business, maximizing value from advanced
technologies, capitalizing on integration across ExxonMobil businesses,
selectively investing for resilient, advantaged returns, operating efficiently
and effectively, and providing quality, valued and differentiated products and
services to customers.  

 ExxonMobil’s
operating results, as noted in Item 2. Properties, reflect 22 refineries,
located in 14 countries, with distillation capacity of 4.9 million
barrels per day and lubricant basestock manufacturing capacity of 125
thousand barrels per day. ExxonMobil’s fuels and lubes value chains have
significant global reach, with multiple channels to market serving a diverse
customer base. Our portfolio of world-renowned brands includes  Exxon ,  Mobil ,
 Esso   and  Mobil 1 .   

 Demand
growth remained strong in 2017, and margins strengthened during the year
drawing on previous high inventories, particularly in North America due to
Latin American demand and hurricane related refinery outages. North American
refineries also benefited from cost‑competitive feedstock and energy
supplies as the differential between Brent and WTI widened. Margins in Europe
and Asia strengthened versus 2016, with rising Asia demand and economic growth
in Europe. In the near term, we see variability in refining margins, with some
regions seeing weaker margins as new capacity additions are expected to outpace
growth in global demand for our products, which can also be affected by global
economic conditions and regulatory changes. 

 Refining
margins are largely driven by differences in commodity prices and are a
function of the difference between what a refinery pays for its raw materials
(primarily crude oil) and the market prices for the range of products produced
(primarily gasoline, heating oil, diesel oil, jet fuel and fuel oil). Crude oil
and many products are widely traded with published prices, including those
quoted on multiple exchanges around the world (e.g., New York Mercantile Exchange
and Intercontinental Exchange). Prices for these commodities are determined by
the global marketplace and are influenced by many factors, including global and
regional supply/demand balances, inventory levels, industry refinery
operations, import/export balances, currency fluctuations, seasonal demand,
weather, and political climate.  

 ExxonMobil’s
long‑term outlook is that industry refining margins will remain subject
to intense competition as new capacity additions outpace the growth in global
demand. ExxonMobil’s integration across the value chain, from refining to
marketing, enhances overall value in both fuels and lubricants businesses. 

 As
described in more detail in Item 1A. Risk Factors, proposed carbon policy and
other climate‑related regulations in many countries, as well as the
continued growth in biofuels mandates, could have negative impacts on the
Downstream business.  

 In
the fuels marketing business, margins remained relatively flat in 2017. In
2017, ExxonMobil expanded its branded retail site network and progressed the
multi‑year transition of the direct served (i.e., dealer, company‑operated)
retail network in portions of Europe to a more capital‑efficient Branded
Wholesaler model. The company’s lubricants business continues to grow,
leveraging world‑class brands and integration with industry‑leading
basestock refining capability. ExxonMobil remains a market leader in the high‑value
synthetic lubricants sector, despite increasing competition.  

 The
Downstream portfolio is continually evaluated during all parts of the business
cycle, and numerous asset divestments have been made over the past decade. When
investing in the Downstream, ExxonMobil remains focused on selective and
resilient projects. At the end of 2017, construction was nearly complete on a
new delayed coker unit at the refinery in Antwerp, Belgium, to upgrade low‑value
bunker fuel into higher value diesel products. Construction also progressed on
a proprietary hydrocracker at the refinery in Rotterdam, Netherlands, to
produce higher value ultra-low sulfur diesel and Group II basestocks. In addition,
an expansion in Singapore is underway to support demand growth for finished
lubricants in key markets. Finally, ExxonMobil announced plans to increase
production of ultra-low sulfur fuels at the Beaumont, Texas, refinery by
approximately 40,000 barrels per day. 


 


 43   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Chemical  

 Worldwide
petrochemical demand remained strong in 2017, led by growing demand from Asia
Pacific manufacturers of industrial and consumer products. North America
continued to benefit from abundant supplies of natural gas and gas liquids,
providing both low‑cost feedstock and energy. Specialty product margins
moderated in 2017 with capacity additions exceeding demand growth.  

 ExxonMobil
sustained its competitive advantage through continued operational excellence,
investment and cost discipline, a balanced portfolio of products, and
integration with refining and upstream operations, all underpinned by
proprietary technology. 

 In
2017, we completed start‑up of the polyethylene derivative lines in Mont
Belvieu, Texas, and the adhesion hydrocarbon resin plant in Singapore.
Construction continued on major expansions at our Texas facilities, including a
new world-scale ethane cracker in Baytown and expansion of the polyethylene
plant in Beaumont, to capitalize on low-cost feedstock and energy supplies in
North America and to meet rapidly growing demand for premium polymers. The
company also continued construction on the specialty elastomers plant expansion
in Newport, Wales, with start‑up anticipated in 2018. Construction of a
new halobutyl rubber unit also progressed in Singapore to further extend our
specialty product capacity in Asia Pacific. In addition, the company completed
the acquisition of a petrochemical plant from Jurong Aromatics Corporation, to
complement the existing petrochemical complex in Singapore and meet growing
demand for chemicals products in Asia Pacific.  

   

 
  
   
   REVIEW OF
  2017 AND 2016 RESULTS  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil (U.S. GAAP) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
 



 
 
   

 
  
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,079) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,347 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,180 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,101 
   
  
 



   

 2017  

 Upstream earnings were
$13,355 million, up $13,159 million from 2016. Higher realizations
increased earnings by $5.3 billion. Unfavorable volume and mix effects
decreased earnings by $440 million. All other items increased earnings by
$8.3 billion, primarily due to the $7.1 billion non‑cash impact
from U.S. tax reform, lower asset impairments of $659 million, lower expenses,
and gains from asset management activity. On an oil‑equivalent basis,
production of 4 million barrels per day was down 2 percent compared
to 2016. Liquids production of 2.3 million barrels per day decreased
82,000 barrels per day as field decline and lower entitlements were partly
offset by increased project volumes and work programs. Natural gas production
of 10.2 billion cubic feet per day increased 84 million cubic feet
per day from 2016 as project ramp‑up, primarily in Australia, was partly
offset by field decline and regulatory restrictions in the Netherlands. U.S.
Upstream earnings were $6,622 million in 2017, including $7.6 billion
of U.S. tax reform benefits and asset impairments of $521 million. Non‑U.S.
Upstream earnings were $6,733 million, including asset impairments of $983
million and unfavorable impacts of $480 million from U.S. tax reform. 

   

 2016  

 Upstream earnings were $196 million
in 2016 and included asset impairment charges of $2,163 million mainly
relating to dry gas operations with undeveloped acreage in the Rocky Mountains
region of the U.S. Earnings were down $6,905 million from 2015. Lower
realizations decreased earnings by $5.3 billion. Favorable volume and mix
effects increased earnings by $130 million. The impairment charges reduced
earnings by $2.2 billion. All other items increased earnings by $440 million,
primarily due to lower expenses partly offset by the absence of favorable tax
items from the prior year. On an oil equivalent basis, production of 4.1 million
barrels per day was down slightly compared to 2015. Liquids production of 2.4 million
barrels per day increased 20,000 barrels per day with increased project
volumes, mainly in Canada, Indonesia and Nigeria, partly offset by field
decline, the impact from Canadian wildfires, and downtime notably in Nigeria.
Natural gas production of 10.1 billion cubic feet per day decreased 388 million
cubic feet per day from 2015 as field decline, regulatory restrictions in the
Netherlands and divestments were partly offset by higher project volumes and
work programs. U.S. Upstream earnings declined $3,072 million from 2015 to
a loss of $4,151 million, and included impairment charges of $2,163 million.
Earnings outside the U.S. were $4,347 million, down $3,833 million
from the prior year. 


 


 44   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   Upstream Additional Information
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Volumes
  Reconciliation  (Oil-equivalent
  production)  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Prior Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,097 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Entitlements -
  Net Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Entitlements -
  Price / Spend / Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (62) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Quotas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Divestments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (34) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Growth / Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Current Year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1) Gas
  converted to oil-equivalent at 6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels. 
   
  
 



   

 Listed below are descriptions of ExxonMobil’s volumes
reconciliation factors which are provided to facilitate understanding of the
terms. 

   

 Entitlements - Net Interest  are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of
production volumes caused by non-operational changes to volume‑determining
factors. These factors consist of net interest changes specified in Production
Sharing Contracts (PSCs) which typically occur when cumulative investment
returns or production volumes achieve defined thresholds, changes in equity
upon achieving pay-out in partner investment carry situations, equity
redeterminations as specified in venture agreements, or as a result of the
termination or expiry of a concession. Once a net interest change has occurred,
it typically will not be reversed by subsequent events, such as lower crude oil
prices. 

   

 Entitlements - Price, Spend and Other  are changes to ExxonMobil’s share of
production volumes resulting from temporary changes to non-operational
volume-determining factors. These factors include changes in oil and gas prices
or spending levels from one period to another. According to the terms of
contractual arrangements or government royalty regimes, price or spending
variability can increase or decrease royalty burdens and/or volumes
attributable to ExxonMobil. For example, at higher prices, fewer barrels are
required for ExxonMobil to recover its costs. These effects generally vary from
period to period with field spending patterns or market prices for oil and
natural gas. Such factors can also include other temporary changes in net
interest as dictated by specific provisions in production agreements. 

   

 Quotas  are changes in ExxonMobil’s allowable production arising
from production constraints imposed by countries which are members of the
Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). Volumes reported in
this category would have been readily producible in the absence of the quota. 

   

 Divestments  are reductions in ExxonMobil’s production
arising from commercial arrangements to fully or partially reduce equity in a
field or asset in exchange for financial or other economic consideration.  

   

 Growth and Other  factors comprise all other operational
and non-operational factors not covered by the above definitions that may
affect volumes attributable to ExxonMobil. Such factors include, but are not
limited to, production enhancements from project and work program activities,
acquisitions including additions from asset exchanges, downtime, market demand,
natural field decline, and any fiscal or commercial terms that do not affect
entitlements. 


 


 45   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   Downstream
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,901 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,649 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,656 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,557 
   
  
 



   

 2017  

 Downstream earnings of $5,597 million
increased $1,396 million from 2016. Stronger refining and marketing
margins increased earnings by $1.5 billion, while volume and mix effects
decreased earnings by $30 million. All other items decreased earnings by
$40 million, driven by the absence of a $904 million gain from the
Canadian retail assets sale, and Hurricane Harvey related expenses, which were
mostly offset by $618 million of U.S. tax reform impacts and non‑U.S.
asset management gains in the current year. Petroleum product sales of 5.5 million
barrels per day were 48,000 barrels per day higher than 2016. Earnings from
the U.S. Downstream were $1,948 million, including favorable U.S. tax
reform impacts of $618 million. Non‑U.S. Downstream earnings were $3,649 million,
compared to $3,107 million in the prior year. 

   

 2016  

 Downstream earnings of $4,201 million
decreased $2,356 million from 2015. Weaker refining and marketing margins
decreased earnings by $3.8 billion, while volume and mix effects increased
earnings by $560 million. All other items increased earnings by $920 million,
mainly reflecting gains from divestments, notably in Canada. Petroleum product
sales of 5.5 million barrels per day were 272,000 barrels per day
lower than 2015 mainly reflecting the divestment of refineries in California
and Louisiana. U.S. Downstream earnings were $1,094 million, a decrease of
$807 million from 2015. Non-U.S. Downstream earnings were $3,107 million,
down $1,549 million from the prior year. 

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,032 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,418 
   
  
 



   

 2017  

 Chemical earnings of $4,518 million
decreased $97 million from 2016. Weaker margins decreased earnings by
$260 million. Volume and mix effects increased earnings by $100 million.
All other items increased earnings by $60 million, primarily due to U.S.
tax reform of $335 million and improved inventory effects, partially offset by
higher expenses from increased turnaround activity and new business growth.
Prime product sales of 25.4 million metric tons were up 495,000 metric
tons from 2016. U.S. Chemical earnings were $2,190 million in 2017,
including favorable U.S. tax reform impacts of $335 million. Non‑U.S.
Chemical earnings of $2,328 million were $411 million lower than
prior year. 

   

 2016  

 Chemical earnings of $4,615 million
increased $197 million from 2015. Stronger margins increased earnings by
$440 million. Favorable volume and mix effects increased earnings by $100 million.
All other items decreased earnings by $340 million, primarily due to the
absence of U.S. asset management gains. Prime product sales of 24.9 million
metric tons were up 212,000 metric tons from 2015. U.S. Chemical earnings
were $1,876 million, down $510 million from 2015 reflecting the
absence of asset management gains. Non-U.S. Chemical earnings of $2,739 million
were $707 million higher than the prior year. 

    


 


 46   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   Corporate and Financing
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Corporate and
  financing 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
 



   

 2017  

 Corporate and financing expenses were $3,760 million
in 2017 compared to $1,172 million in 2016, with the increase mainly due
to unfavorable impacts of $2.1 billion from U.S. tax reform and the
absence of favorable non-U.S. tax items. 

   

 2016  

 Corporate
and financing expenses of $1,172 million in 2016 were $754 million
lower than 2015 mainly reflecting favorable non‑U.S. tax items.  

   

 
  
   
   LIQUIDITY AND
  CAPITAL RESOURCES 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sources and
  Uses of Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Net cash
  provided by/(used in) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Operating
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,344 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,730) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,403) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,824) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Financing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,293) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,037) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of
  exchange rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   (434) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (394) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase/(decrease)
  in cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
   (480) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (911) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (December 31) 
   
  
 
   
   Total cash and
  cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Total
cash and cash equivalents were $3.2 billion at the end of 2017, down $0.5
billion from the prior year. The major sources of funds in 2017 were net income
including noncontrolling interests of $19.8 billion, the adjustment for the
noncash provision of $19.9 billion for depreciation and depletion,
proceeds from asset sales of $3.1 billion, and other investing activities
including collection of advances of $2.1 billion. The major uses of funds included
spending for additions to property, plant and equipment of $15.4 billion,
dividends to shareholders of $13.0 billion, the adjustment for noncash deferred
income tax credits of $8.6 billion, and additional investments and advances of
$5.5 billion.  

 Total
cash and cash equivalents were $3.7 billion at the end of 2016, essentially in
line with the prior year. The major sources of funds in 2016 were net income
including noncontrolling interests of $8.4 billion, the adjustment for the
noncash provision of $22.3 billion for depreciation and depletion,
proceeds from asset sales of $4.3 billion, and a net debt increase of $4.3
billion. The major uses of funds included spending for additions to property,
plant and equipment of $16.2 billion, dividends to shareholders of
$12.5 billion, the adjustment for noncash deferred income tax credits of
$4.4 billion, and a change in working capital, excluding cash and debt, of $1.4
billion.  

 The
Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term and short-term
liquidity. Internally generated funds are generally expected to cover financial
requirements, supplemented by short-term and long-term debt as required. On
December 31, 2017, the Corporation had unused committed short-term lines of credit
of $5.4 billion and unused committed long-term lines of credit of
$0.2 billion. Cash that may be temporarily available as surplus to the
Corporation’s immediate needs is carefully managed through counterparty quality
and investment guidelines to ensure it is secure and readily available to meet
the Corporation’s cash requirements, and to optimize returns.  

 To
support cash flows in future periods the Corporation will need to continually
find or acquire and develop new fields, and continue to develop and apply new
technologies and recovery processes to existing fields, in order to maintain or
increase production. After a period of production at plateau rates, it is the
nature of oil and gas fields eventually to produce at declining rates for the
remainder of their economic life. Averaged over all the Corporation’s existing
oil and gas fields and without new projects, ExxonMobil’s production is
expected to decline at an average of approximately 3 percent per year over the
next few years. Decline rates can vary widely by individual field due to a
number of factors, including, but not limited to, the type of reservoir, fluid
properties, recovery mechanisms, work activity, and age of the field.
Furthermore, the Corporation’s net interest in production for individual fields
can vary with price and the impact of fiscal and commercial terms.  


 


 47   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 The Corporation has long been successful
at offsetting the effects of natural field decline through disciplined
investments in quality opportunities and project execution. The Corporation
anticipates several projects will come online over the next few years providing
additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will vary from year to
year due to the timing of individual project start‑ups; operational
outages; reservoir performance; performance of enhanced oil recovery projects;
regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and commercial terms; asset sales;
weather events; price effects on production sharing contracts; and changes in
the amount and timing of investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas
price environment. The Corporation’s cash flows are also highly dependent on
crude oil and natural gas prices. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors
for a more complete discussion of risks.  

 The
Corporation’s financial strength enables it to make large, long-term capital
expenditures. Capital and exploration expenditures in 2017 were $23.1 billion,
reflecting the Corporation’s continued active investment program. The
Corporation anticipates an investment level of $24 billion in 2018. 

 Actual
spending could vary depending on the progress of individual projects and
property acquisitions. The Corporation has a large and diverse portfolio of
development projects and exploration opportunities, which helps mitigate the
overall political and technical risks of the Corporation’s Upstream segment and
associated cash flow. Further, due to its financial strength, debt capacity and
diverse portfolio of opportunities, the risk associated with failure or delay
of any single project would not have a significant impact on the Corporation’s
liquidity or ability to generate sufficient cash flows for operations and its
fixed commitments. 

   

 Cash Flow from
Operating Activities 

   

 2017  

 Cash provided by operating activities
totaled $30.1 billion in 2017, $8.0 billion higher than 2016. The major source
of funds was net income including noncontrolling interests of $19.8 billion, an
increase of $11.5 billion. The noncash provision for depreciation and depletion
was $19.9 billion, down $2.4 billion from the prior year. The adjustment for
deferred income tax credits was $8.6 billion, compared to $4.4 billion in 2016.
Changes in operational working capital, excluding cash and debt, decreased cash
in 2017 by $0.6 billion. 

   

 2016  

 Cash provided by operating activities
totaled $22.1 billion in 2016, $8.3 billion lower than 2015. The major source
of funds was net income including noncontrolling interests of $8.4 billion, a
decrease of $8.2 billion. The noncash provision for depreciation and depletion
was $22.3 billion, up $4.3 billion from the prior year. The adjustment for net
gains on asset sales was $1.7 billion while the adjustment for deferred income
tax credits was $4.4 billion. Changes in operational working capital, excluding
cash and debt, decreased cash in 2016 by $1.4 billion. 

 
 
 

 Cash Flow from
Investing Activities 

   

 2017 

 Cash used in
investing activities netted to $15.7 billion in 2017, $3.3 billion higher than
2016. Spending for property, plant and equipment of $15.4 billion decreased
$0.8 billion from 2016. Proceeds associated with sales of subsidiaries,
property, plant and equipment, and sales and returns of investments of $3.1
billion compared to $4.3 billion in 2016. Additional investments and advances
were $4.1 billion higher in 2017, while proceeds from other investing
activities including collection of advances increased by $1.2 billion. 

   

 2016  

 Cash used in investing activities netted to $12.4 billion
in 2016, $11.4 billion lower than 2015. Spending for property, plant and
equipment of $16.2 billion decreased $10.3 billion from 2015. Proceeds
associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant and equipment, and sales
and returns of investments of $4.3 billion compared to $2.4 billion in 2015.
Additional investments and advances were $0.8 billion higher in 2016. 


 


 48   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities  

   

 2017  

 Cash
used in financing activities was $15.1 billion in 2017, $5.8 billion higher
than 2016. Dividend payments on common shares increased to $3.06 per share from
$2.98 per share and totaled $13.0 billion. Total debt decreased $0.4 billion to
$42.3 billion at year‑end. The reduction was principally driven by net
repayments of $1.0 billion, and included short-term debt repayments of $5.0
billion that were partly offset by additions in commercial paper and other debt
of $4.0 billion. 

 ExxonMobil
share of equity increased $20.4 billion to $187.7 billion. The addition to
equity for earnings was $19.7 billion. This was partly offset by reductions for
distributions to ExxonMobil shareholders of $13.0 billion, all in the form of
dividends. Foreign exchange translation effects of $5.0 billion for the weaker
U.S. currency and a $1.0 billion change in the funded status of the
postretirement benefits reserves both increased equity. Shares issued for
acquisitions added $7.8 billion to equity.  

 During 2017, Exxon Mobil Corporation acquired
10 million shares of its common stock for the treasury. Purchases were made to offset
shares or units settled in shares issued in conjunction with the company’s
benefit plans and programs. Shares outstanding increased from 4,148 million to
4,239 million at the end of 2017, mainly due to a total of 96 million shares
issued for the acquisitions of InterOil Corporation and of companies that hold
acreage in the Permian basin. 

   

 2016  

 Cash
used in financing activities was $9.3 billion in 2016, $2.3 billion higher than
2015. Dividend payments on common shares increased to $2.98 per share from
$2.88 per share and totaled $12.5 billion. Total debt increased $4.1 billion to
$42.8 billion at year‑end. The first quarter issuance of $12.0 billion in
long-term debt was partly offset by repayments of $8.0 billion in commercial
paper and other short-term debt during the year. 

 ExxonMobil
share of equity decreased $3.5 billion to $167.3 billion. The addition to
equity for earnings was $7.8 billion. This was offset by reductions for
distributions to ExxonMobil shareholders of $12.5 billion, all in the form of
dividends. Foreign exchange translation effects of $0.3 billion for the
stronger U.S. currency reduced equity, while a $1.6 billion change in the
funded status of the postretirement benefits reserves increased equity.  

 During 2016, Exxon Mobil Corporation acquired
12 million shares of its common stock for the treasury. Purchases were made to offset
shares or units settled in shares issued in conjunction with the company’s benefit
plans and programs. Shares outstanding were reduced from 4,156 million to 4,148
million at the end of 2016. 


 


 49   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Commitments  

 Set
forth below is information about the outstanding commitments of the
Corporation’s consolidated subsidiaries at December 31, 2017. The table combines
data from the Consolidated Balance Sheet and from individual notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Payments Due by Period 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2023 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2019- 
   
  
     
   
  
   2021- 
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commitments 
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   2020 
   
  
     
   
  
   2022 
   
  
     
   
  
   Beyond 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Long-term debt   (1)  
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,662 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,360 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
    – Due in one
  year   (2)  
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
 
   
   Asset retirement
  obligations   (3)  
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   777 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,856 
   
  
     
   
  
   894 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,705 
   
  
 
   
   Pension and
  other postretirement obligations   (4)  
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,991 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,947 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,703 
   
  
 
   
   Operating leases
    (5)  
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   936 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,166 
   
  
     
   
  
   667 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,290 
   
  
 
   
   Take-or-pay and
  unconditional purchase obligations   (6)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,389 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,973 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,259 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,491 
   
  
 
   
   Firm capital
  commitments   (7)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,338 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
     
   
  
   737 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,646 
   
  
 



   

 This
table excludes commodity purchase obligations (volumetric commitments but no
fixed or minimum price) which are resold shortly after purchase, either in an
active, highly liquid market or under long-term, unconditional sales contracts
with similar pricing terms. Examples include long-term, noncancelable LNG and
natural gas purchase commitments and commitments to purchase refinery products
at market prices. Inclusion of such commitments would not be meaningful in
assessing liquidity and cash flow, because these purchases will be offset in
the same periods by cash received from the related sales transactions. The
table also excludes unrecognized tax benefits totaling $8.8 billion as of
December 31, 2017, because the Corporation is unable to make reasonably
reliable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing
authorities. Further details on the unrecognized tax benefits can be found in “Note
19: Income and Other Taxes”. 

 Notes:  

 (1)   Includes capitalized lease
obligations of $1,327 million.  

 (2)   The amount due in one year is
included in Notes and loans payable of $17,930 million.  

 (3)   Asset retirement obligations are
primarily upstream asset removal costs at the completion of field life.  

 (4)   The amount by which the benefit
obligations exceeded the fair value of fund assets for certain U.S. and
non-U.S. pension and other postretirement plans at year-end. The payments by
period include expected contributions to funded pension plans in 2018 and
estimated benefit payments for unfunded plans in all years.  

 (5)   Minimum commitments for operating
leases, shown on an undiscounted basis, cover drilling equipment, tankers,
service stations and other properties. Total includes $611 million related to
drilling rigs and related equipment. 

 (6)   Take-or-pay obligations are noncancelable,
long-term commitments for goods and services. Unconditional purchase
obligations are those long-term commitments that are noncancelable or
cancelable only under certain conditions, and that third parties have used to
secure financing for the facilities that will provide the contracted goods or
services. The undiscounted obligations of $26,491 million mainly pertain to
pipeline, manufacturing supply and terminal agreements.  

 (7)   Firm capital commitments represent
legally binding payment obligations to third parties where agreements
specifying all significant terms have been executed for the construction and
purchase of fixed assets and other permanent investments. In certain cases
where the Corporation executes contracts requiring commitments to a work scope,
those commitments have been included to the extent that the amounts and timing
of payments can be reliably estimated. Firm capital commitments, shown on an
undiscounted basis, totaled $9.6 billion, including $1.9 billion in the U.S.
Firm capital commitments for the non-U.S. Upstream of $7.2 billion were
primarily associated with projects in the United Arab Emirates, Africa, United
Kingdom, Guyana, Malaysia, Norway, Canada and Australia. The Corporation
expects to fund the majority of these commitments with internally generated
funds, supplemented by short-term and long-term debt as required. 


 


 50   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 Guarantees  

 The Corporation and certain of its consolidated
subsidiaries were contingently liable at December 31, 2017, for guarantees
relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts (Note 16). Where
guarantees for environmental remediation and other similar matters do not
include a stated cap, the amounts reflect management’s estimate of the maximum
potential exposure. These guarantees are not reasonably likely to have a
material effect on the Corporation’s financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources.  

   

 Financial Strength  

 On December 31, 2017, the
Corporation’s unused short-term committed lines of credit totaled $5.4 billion
(Note 6) and unused long-term committed lines of credit totaled $0.2 billion
(Note 14). The table below shows the Corporation’s fixed-charge coverage
and consolidated debt-to-capital ratios. The data demonstrates the
Corporation’s creditworthiness.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Fixed-charge coverage ratio (times) 
   
  
     
   
  
   13.2 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.6 
   
  
 
   
   Debt to capital (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   17.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.0 
   
  
 
   
   Net debt to capital (percent) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.8 
   
  
     
   
  
   18.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   16.5 
   
  
 



   

 Management views the Corporation’s
financial strength, as evidenced by the above financial ratios and other
similar measures, to be a competitive advantage of strategic importance. The
Corporation’s sound financial position gives it the opportunity to access the
world’s capital markets in the full range of market conditions, and enables the
Corporation to take on large, long-term capital commitments in the pursuit of
maximizing shareholder value.  

   

 Litigation and Other Contingencies  

 As
discussed in Note 16, a variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and
certain of its consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Based
on a consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances, the Corporation
does not believe the ultimate outcome of any currently pending lawsuit against
ExxonMobil will have a material adverse effect upon the Corporation’s
operations, financial condition, or financial statements taken as a whole.
There are no events or uncertainties beyond those already included in reported
financial information that would indicate a material change in future operating
results or financial condition. Refer to Note 16 for additional information on
legal proceedings and other contingencies.  

   

 
  
   
   CAPITAL AND
  EXPLORATION EXPENDITURES  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream  (1)  
   
  
   3,716 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,695 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,518 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,542 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
   823 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   839 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,623 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,462 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
   1,583 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,553 
   
  
     
   
  
   654 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,207 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   6,212 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,003 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,304 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1)
  Exploration expenses included.  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Capital
and exploration expenditures in 2017 were $23.1 billion, as the Corporation
continued to pursue opportunities to find and produce new supplies of oil and
natural gas to meet global demand for energy. The Corporation anticipates an investment
level of $24 billion in 2018. Actual spending could vary depending on the
progress of individual projects and property acquisitions. 

 Upstream
spending of $16.7 billion in 2017 was up 15 percent from 2016. Investments in
2017 included acquisitions in Mozambique and Brazil, U.S. onshore drilling activity
and global development projects. Development projects typically take several
years from the time of recording proved undeveloped reserves to the start of
production and can exceed five years for large and complex projects. The
percentage of proved developed reserves was 66 percent of total proved reserves
at year‑end 2017, and has been over 60 percent for the last ten years. 

 Capital
investments in the Downstream totaled $2.5 billion in 2017, consistent with 2016,
reflecting global refining project spending. Chemical capital expenditures of $3.8
billion increased $1.6 billion from 2016 mainly resulting from the acquisition
of a large-scale aromatics plant in Singapore. 


 


 51   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 

 
  
   
   TAXES
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Effective
  income tax rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   13% 
   
  
     
   
  
   34% 
   
  
 
   
   Total other
  taxes and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,459 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,375 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,834 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,249 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 2017  

 Total taxes on the Corporation’s income
statement were $31.3 billion in 2017, an increase of $0.3 billion from 2016.
Income tax expense, both current and deferred, was a credit of $1.2 billion
compared to a credit of $0.4 billion in 2016, with the U.S. tax reform impact
of $5.9 billion partially offset by higher pre-tax income. The effective tax
rate, which is calculated based on consolidated company income taxes and
ExxonMobil’s share of equity company income taxes, was 5 percent compared to 13
percent in the prior year due primarily to the impact of U.S. tax reform. Total
other taxes and duties of $32.5 billion in 2017 increased $1.1 billion. 

   

 2016  

 Total
taxes were $31.0 billion in 2016, a decrease of $7.2 billion from 2015. Income
tax expense, both current and deferred, was a credit of $0.4 billion, $5.8
billion lower than 2015, reflecting lower pre-tax income. The effective tax
rate, which is calculated based on consolidated company income taxes and
ExxonMobil’s share of equity company income taxes, was 13 percent compared to
34 percent in the prior year due primarily to a lower share of earnings in
higher tax jurisdictions, favorable one-time items, and the impact of the U.S.
Upstream impairment charge. Total other taxes and duties of $31.4 billion in
2016 decreased $1.5 billion. 

   

 U.S.
Tax Reform 

 Following
the December 22, 2017, enactment of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, in
accordance with Accounting Standard Codification Topic 740  (Income Taxes) 
and following the guidance outlined in the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
118, the Corporation has included reasonable estimates of the income tax
effects of the changes in tax law and tax rate. These include amounts for the remeasurement
of the deferred income tax balance from the reduction in the corporate tax rate
from 35 to 21 percent and the mandatory deemed repatriation of undistributed
foreign earnings and profits. ExxonMobil’s significant historical investments
in the United States have created large deferred income tax liabilities.
Remeasurement of these deferred income tax liabilities from the 35 percent rate
to 21 percent results in a one-time non-cash benefit to earnings. The
Corporation has paid taxes on earnings outside the United States at tax rates
on average above the historical U.S. rate of 35 percent. As a result, the
deemed repatriation tax does not create a significant tax impact for
ExxonMobil. The impact of tax law changes on the Corporation’s financial
statements could differ from its estimates due to further analysis of the new
law, regulatory guidance, technical corrections legislation, or guidance under
U.S. GAAP. If significant changes occur, the Corporation will provide updated
information in connection with future regulatory filings. 

 The 21 percent corporate tax rate will
reduce the tax cost of U.S. earnings from U.S. investments, although the
savings may be somewhat offset by other provisions that could raise the
Corporation’s future tax liability. Within the normal course of business, other
provisions of the tax law that are effective in 2018 are not expected to have a
material effect on operating results or financial condition.  

    


 


 52   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 

    

 
  
   
   Environmental
  Expenditures  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capital
  expenditures 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  expenditures 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,451 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,670 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,887 
   
  
 



   

 Throughout
ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing measures are taken to prevent and
minimize the impact of our operations on air, water and ground. These
include a significant investment in refining infrastructure and technology to
manufacture clean fuels, as well as projects to monitor and reduce
nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxide and greenhouse gas emissions, and expenditures for
asset retirement obligations. Using definitions and guidelines established by
the American Petroleum Institute, ExxonMobil’s 2017 worldwide environmental
expenditures for all such preventative and remediation steps, including
ExxonMobil’s share of equity company expenditures, were $4.7 billion, of
which $3.3 billion were included in expenses with the remainder in capital
expenditures. The total cost for such activities is expected to increase to
approximately $5 billion in 2018 and 2019. Capital expenditures are
expected to account for approximately 30 percent of the total. 

 Environmental Liabilities  

 The Corporation accrues environmental
liabilities when it is probable that obligations have been incurred and the
amounts can be reasonably estimated. This policy applies to assets or
businesses currently owned or previously disposed. ExxonMobil has accrued
liabilities for probable environmental remediation obligations at various
sites, including multiparty sites where the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency has identified ExxonMobil as one of the potentially responsible parties.
The involvement of other financially responsible companies at these multiparty
sites could mitigate ExxonMobil’s actual joint and several liability exposure.
At present, no individual site is expected to have losses material to
ExxonMobil’s operations or financial condition. Consolidated company provisions
made in 2017 for environmental liabilities were $302 million ($665 million
in 2016) and the balance sheet reflects accumulated liabilities of $872 million
as of December 31, 2017, and $852 million as of December 31, 2016.
 

   

 MARKET RISKS, INFLATION AND OTHER
UNCERTAINTIES  

   

 
  
   
   Worldwide
  Average Realizations   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil and NGL ($ per barrel) 
   
  
     
   
  
   48.91 
   
  
     
   
  
   38.15 
   
  
     
   
  
   44.77 
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas ($ per thousand cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.04 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.95 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1) 
  Consolidated subsidiaries. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Crude
oil, natural gas, petroleum product and chemical prices have fluctuated in
response to changing market forces. The impacts of these price fluctuations on
earnings from Upstream, Downstream and Chemical operations have varied. In the
Upstream, a $1 per barrel change in the weighted-average realized
price of oil would have approximately a $425 million annual after-tax effect on
Upstream consolidated plus equity company earnings. Similarly, a $0.10 per thousand
cubic feet change in the worldwide average gas realization would have
approximately a $165 million annual after-tax effect on Upstream consolidated
plus equity company earnings. For any given period, the extent of actual
benefit or detriment will be dependent on the price movements of individual
types of crude oil, taxes and other government take impacts, price adjustment
lags in long-term gas contracts, and crude and gas production volumes.
Accordingly, changes in benchmark prices for crude oil and natural gas only
provide broad indicators of changes in the earnings experienced in any
particular period.  

 In
the very competitive downstream and chemical environments, earnings are
primarily determined by margin capture rather than absolute price levels of
products sold. Refining margins are a function of the difference between what a
refiner pays for its raw materials (primarily crude oil) and the market prices
for the range of products produced. These prices in turn depend on global and
regional supply/demand balances, inventory levels, refinery operations,
import/export balances and weather.  

 
  


 


 53   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 The global
energy markets can give rise to extended periods in which market conditions are
adverse to one or more of the Corporation’s businesses. Such conditions, along
with the capital-intensive nature of the industry and very long lead times
associated with many of our projects, underscore the importance of maintaining
a strong financial position. Management views the Corporation’s financial
strength as a competitive advantage.  

 In
general, segment results are not dependent on the ability to sell and/or
purchase products to/from other segments. Instead, where such sales take place,
they are the result of efficiencies and competitive advantages of integrated
refinery/chemical complexes. Additionally, intersegment sales are at
market-based prices. The products bought and sold between segments can also be
acquired in worldwide markets that have substantial liquidity, capacity and
transportation capabilities. About 35 percent of the Corporation’s intersegment
sales represent Upstream production sold to the Downstream. Other intersegment
sales include those between refineries and chemical plants related to raw
materials, feedstocks and finished products.  

 Although
price levels of crude oil and natural gas may rise or fall significantly over
the short to medium term due to global economic conditions, political events, decisions
by OPEC and other major government resource owners and other factors, industry
economics over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and
demand. Accordingly, the Corporation evaluates the viability of its major investments
over a range of prices. 

 The
Corporation has an active asset management program in which underperforming
assets are either improved to acceptable levels or considered for divestment.
The asset management program includes a disciplined, regular review to ensure
that all assets are contributing to the Corporation’s strategic objectives
resulting in an efficient capital base.  

   

 Risk Management  

 The
Corporation’s size, strong capital structure, geographic diversity and the
complementary nature of the Upstream, Downstream and Chemical businesses reduce
the Corporation’s enterprise-wide risk from changes in interest rates, currency
rates and commodity prices. In addition, the Corporation uses commodity-based
contracts, including derivatives, to manage commodity price risk and for
trading purposes. Credit risk associated with the Corporation’s derivative
position is mitigated by several factors, including the use of derivative
clearing exchanges and the quality of and financial limits placed on derivative
counterparties. The Corporation believes that there are no material market or
credit risks to the Corporation’s financial position, results of operations or
liquidity as a result of the derivatives described in Note 13. The Corporation
maintains a system of controls that includes the authorization, reporting and
monitoring of derivative activity.  

 The
Corporation is exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on its
short-term debt and the portion of long-term debt that carries floating
interest rates. The impact of a 100-basis-point change in interest rates
affecting the Corporation’s debt would not be material to earnings, cash flow
or fair value. The Corporation has access to significant capacity of long-term
and short-term liquidity. Internally generated funds are expected to cover the
majority of financial requirements, supplemented by long-term and short-term
debt. Some joint-venture partners are dependent on the credit markets, and
their funding ability may impact the development pace of joint-venture
projects.  

 The
Corporation conducts business in many foreign currencies and is subject to
exchange rate risk on cash flows related to sales, expenses, financing and
investment transactions. Fluctuations in exchange rates are often offsetting
and the impacts on ExxonMobil’s geographically and functionally diverse
operations are varied. The Corporation makes limited use of currency exchange
contracts to mitigate the impact of changes in currency values, and exposures
related to the Corporation’s limited use of the currency exchange contracts are
not material.  

   

 Inflation and Other Uncertainties  

 The
general rate of inflation in many major countries of operation has remained
moderate over the past few years, and the associated impact on non-energy costs
has generally been mitigated by cost reductions from efficiency and
productivity improvements. Beginning several years ago, an extended period of
increased demand for certain services and materials resulted in higher
operating and capital costs. Since then, multiple market changes, including
lower oil prices and reduced upstream industry activity, have contributed to
lower prices for oilfield services and materials. The Corporation monitors
market trends and works to minimize costs in all commodity price environments through
its economies of scale in global procurement and its efficient project
management practices.  


 


 54   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  

 Effective January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil adopted
the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s standard,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers,  as amended. The standard establishes a single revenue
recognition model for all contracts with customers, eliminates industry and
transaction specific requirements, and expands disclosure requirements. The
standard was adopted using the Modified Retrospective method, under which prior
year results are not restated, but supplemental information on the impact of
the new standard must be provided for 2018 results, if material. The standard
is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial
statements. The cumulative effect of adoption of the new standard is de
minimis. 

 Effective
January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s
Update,  Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The standard
requires investments in equity securities other than consolidated subsidiaries
and equity method investments to be measured at fair value with changes in the
fair value recognized through net income. Companies can elect a modified
approach for equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair
value. The standard is not expected to have a material impact on the
Corporation’s financial statements. 

 Effective
January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s
Update,  Compensation – Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the
Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement
Benefit Cost . The update requires the service cost component of net benefit
costs to be reported in the same line of the income statement as other compensation
costs and the other components of net benefit costs (non-service costs) to be
presented separately from the service cost component. Additionally, only the
service cost component of net benefit costs is eligible for capitalization. The
Corporation expects to add a new line “Non-service pension and postretirement
benefit expense” to its Consolidated Statement of Income and expects to include
all of these costs in its Corporate and financing segment. This line would
reflect the non-service costs that were previously included in “Production and
manufacturing expenses” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses”. The
update is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial
statements.  

 Effective
January 1, 2019, ExxonMobil will adopt the Financial Accounting Standards
Board’s standard,  Leases . The standard requires all leases with an
initial term greater than one year be recorded on the balance sheet as an asset
and a lease liability. The Corporation is gathering and evaluating data and
recently acquired a system to facilitate implementation. We are progressing an
assessment of the magnitude of the effect on the Corporation’s financial
statements. 

   

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES  

 The Corporation’s accounting and financial
reporting fairly reflect its straightforward business model involving the
extracting, refining and marketing of hydrocarbons and hydrocarbon-based
products. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S.
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires management to make
estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities. The Corporation’s accounting policies are summarized in Note 1.  

   

 Oil and Natural Gas Reserves  

 The
estimation of proved reserves is an ongoing process based on rigorous technical
evaluations, commercial and market assessments and detailed analysis of well
information such as flow rates and reservoir pressure declines, among other
factors. The estimation of proved reserves is controlled by the Corporation
through long-standing approval guidelines. Reserve changes are made within a
well-established, disciplined process driven by senior level geoscience and
engineering professionals, assisted by the Global Reserves group which has
significant technical experience, culminating in reviews with and approval by
senior management. Notably, the Corporation does not use specific quantitative
reserve targets to determine compensation. Key features of the reserve
estimation process are covered in Disclosure of Reserves in Item 2.  

 Oil and natural
gas reserves include both proved and unproved reserves.  

 ·         
 Proved oil and natural gas
reserves are determined in accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC) requirements. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas
which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with
reasonable certainty to be economically producible under existing economic and
operating conditions and government regulations. Proved reserves are determined
using the average of first-of-month oil and natural gas prices during the
reporting year. 

 Proved
reserves can be further subdivided into developed and undeveloped reserves.
Proved developed reserves include amounts which are expected to be recovered
through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. Proved
undeveloped reserves include amounts expected to be recovered from new wells on
undrilled proved acreage or from existing wells where a relatively major
expenditure is required for completion. Proved undeveloped reserves are
recognized only if a development plan has been adopted indicating that the
reserves are scheduled to be drilled within five years, unless specific
circumstances support a longer period of time. 


 


 55   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 The percentage of proved developed reserves was 66
percent of total proved reserves at year-end 2017 (including both consolidated
and equity company reserves), a reduction from 69 percent in 2016, and has been
over 60 percent for the last ten years. Although the Corporation is reasonably
certain that proved reserves will be produced, the timing and amount recovered
can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development
projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policy,
consumer preferences and significant changes in long-term oil and natural gas
prices. 

 ·         
 Unproved reserves are quantities
of oil and natural gas with less than reasonable certainty of recoverability
and include probable reserves. Probable reserves are reserves that, together
with proved reserves, are as likely as not to be recovered.  

 Revisions in previously estimated volumes of proved
reserves for existing fields can occur due to the evaluation or re-evaluation
of (1) already available geologic, reservoir or production data,
(2) new geologic, reservoir or production data or (3) changes in the
average of first-of-month oil and natural gas prices and / or costs that are
used in the estimation of reserves. Revisions can also result from significant
changes in development strategy or production equipment and facility capacity.  

 Unit-of-Production
Depreciation 

 Oil and
natural gas reserve quantities are used as the basis to calculate
unit-of-production depreciation rates for most upstream assets. Depreciation is
calculated by taking the ratio of asset cost to total proved reserves or proved
developed reserves applied to actual production. The volumes produced and asset
cost are known, while proved reserves are based on estimates that are subject
to some variability.  

 In the event
that the unit-of-production method does not result in an equitable allocation
of cost over the economic life of an upstream asset, an alternative method is
used. The straight-line method is used in limited situations where the expected
life of the asset does not reasonably correlate with that of the underlying
reserves. For example, certain assets used in the production of oil and natural
gas have a shorter life than the reserves, and as such, the Corporation uses
straight-line depreciation to ensure the asset is fully depreciated by the end
of its useful life. 

 To the extent that proved reserves for a property are
substantially de-booked and that property continues to produce such that the
resulting depreciation charge does not result in an equitable allocation of
cost over the expected life, assets will be depreciated using a
unit-of-production method based on reserves determined at the most recent SEC
price which results in a more meaningful quantity of proved reserves,
appropriately adjusted for production and technical changes. The effect of this
approach on the Corporation’s 2018 depreciation expense versus 2017 is
anticipated to be immaterial. 

 Impairment 

 The
Corporation tests assets or groups of assets for recoverability on an ongoing
basis whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may
not be recoverable. Among the events or changes in circumstances which could
indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be
recoverable are the following: 

 ·         
 a significant decrease in the
market price of a long-lived asset; 

 ·         
 a significant adverse change in
the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its physical
condition including a significant decrease in current and projected reserve
volumes; 

 ·         
 a significant adverse change in
legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value, including
an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; 

 ·         
 an accumulation of project costs
significantly in excess of the amount originally expected; 

 ·         
 a current-period operating loss
combined with a history and forecast of operating or cash flow losses; and 

 ·         
 a current expectation that, more
likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of
significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 

 Asset
valuation analyses performed as part of its asset management program and other
profitability reviews assist the Corporation in assessing whether events or
circumstances indicate the carrying amounts of any of its assets may not be
recoverable. 

 In
general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices or margins as an
indication of impairment. Management believes that prices over the long term
must be sufficient to generate investments in energy supply to meet global
demand. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly, industry prices
over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and demand
fundamentals. On the supply side, industry production from mature fields is
declining. This is being offset by investments to generate production from new
discoveries, field developments and technology and efficiency advancements.
OPEC investment activities and production policies also have an impact on world
oil supplies. The demand side is largely a function of general economic
activities and levels of prosperity. Because the lifespans of the vast majority
of the Corporation’s major assets are measured in decades, the value of these
assets is predominantly based on long-term views of future commodity prices and
production costs. During the lifespan of these major assets, the Corporation
expects that oil and gas prices will experience significant volatility, and
consequently these assets will experience periods of higher earnings and
periods of lower earnings, or even losses.
 


 


 56   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 In assessing whether the events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable,
the Corporation considers recent periods of operating losses in the context of
its longer-term view of prices. While near-term prices are subject to wide
fluctuations, longer-term price views are more stable and meaningful for
purposes of assessing future cash flows. 

 When
the industry experiences a prolonged and deep reduction in commodity prices,
the market supply and demand conditions may result in changes to the
Corporation’s long-term price or margin assumptions it uses for its capital
investment decisions. To the extent those changes result in a significant
reduction to its long-term oil price, natural gas price or margin ranges, the
Corporation may consider that situation, in conjunction with other events and
changes in circumstances such as a history of operating losses, an indicator of
potential impairment for certain assets. 

 In the
Upstream, the standardized measure of discounted cash flows included in the
Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities
is required to use prices based on the average of first-of-month prices. These
prices represent discrete points in time and could be higher or lower than the
Corporation’s long-term price assumptions which are used for impairment
assessments. The Corporation believes the standardized measure does not provide
a reliable estimate of the expected future cash flows to be obtained from the
development and production of its oil and gas properties or of the value of its
oil and gas reserves and therefore does not consider it relevant in determining
whether events or changes in circumstances indicate the need for an impairment
assessment. 

 If
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be
recoverable, the Corporation estimates the future undiscounted cash flows of
the affected properties to judge the recoverability of carrying amounts. In
performing this assessment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which
there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash
flows of other groups of assets. Cash flows used in recoverability assessments
are based on the Corporation’s assumptions which are developed in the annual
planning and budgeting process, and are consistent with the criteria management
uses to evaluate investment opportunities. These evaluations make use of the
Corporation’s assumptions of future capital allocations, crude oil and natural
gas commodity prices, refining and chemical margins, volumes, costs, and
foreign currency exchange rates. Volumes are based on projected field and
facility production profiles, throughput, or sales. Where unproved reserves
exist, an appropriately risk-adjusted amount of these reserves may be included
in the evaluation. Cash flow estimates for impairment testing exclude the
effects of derivative instruments. 

 An asset
group is impaired if its estimated undiscounted cash flows are less than the
asset’s carrying value. Impairments are measured by the amount by which the
carrying value exceeds fair value. Fair value is based on market prices if an
active market exists for the asset group, or discounted cash flows using a
discount rate commensurate with the risk. Significant unproved properties are
assessed for impairment individually, and valuation allowances against the
capitalized costs are recorded based on the estimated economic chance of
success and the length of time that the Corporation expects to hold the
properties. Properties that are not individually significant are aggregated by
groups and amortized based on development risk and average holding period.  

 The Corporation has a robust process
to monitor for indicators of potential impairment across its asset groups
throughout the year. This process is aligned with the requirements of ASC 360
and relies in part on the Corporation’s planning and budgeting cycle. As part
of its 2017 annual planning and budgeting cycle, the Corporation identified
emerging trends such as increasing estimates of available natural gas supplies
and ongoing reductions in the industry’s costs of supply for natural gas that
resulted in a reduction to the Corporation’s long-term natural gas price
outlooks. Based in part on these trends, the Corporation concluded that events
and circumstances indicated that the carrying value of certain long-lived
assets, notably North America natural gas assets and certain other assets
across the remainder of its Upstream operations, may not be recoverable.
Accordingly, an impairment assessment was performed which indicated that the
vast majority of asset groups assessed have future undiscounted cash flow estimates
that exceed their carrying values. However, the carrying values for certain
asset groups in the United States exceeded the estimated cash flows. As a
result, the Corporation’s fourth quarter 2017 results include an after-tax
charge of $0.5 billion to reduce the carrying value of those assets to fair
value. The asset groups subject to this impairment charge are primarily dry gas
operations with little additional development potential. In addition, the
Corporation made a decision to cease development planning activities and
further allocation of capital to certain non-producing assets outside the
United States. The Corporation’s fourth quarter 2017 results include an
after-tax charge of $0.8 billion to reduce the carrying value of those assets. Other
impairments during the year resulted in an after-tax charge of $0.2 billion. 

 The
assessment of fair values required the use of Level 3 inputs and assumptions
that are based upon the views of a likely market participant. The principal
parameters used to establish fair values included estimates of both proved and
unproved reserves, future commodity prices which were consistent with the
average of third-party industry experts and government agencies, drilling and
development costs, discount rates ranging from 5.5 percent to 8 percent
depending on the characteristics of the asset group, and comparable market
transactions. Factors which could put further assets at risk of impairment in
the future include reductions in the Corporation’s long-term price outlooks, changes
in the allocation of capital, and operating cost increases which exceed the
pace of efficiencies or the pace of oil and natural gas price increases.
However, due to the inherent difficulty in predicting future  
 


 57   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 commodity prices, and the relationship between industry
prices and costs, it is not practicable to reasonably estimate the existence or
range of any potential future impairment charges related to the Corporation’s
long-lived assets. 

   

 Inventories 

 Crude oil, products and merchandise inventories are carried
at the lower of current market value or cost (generally determined under the
last-in, first-out method – LIFO).  

   

 Asset Retirement Obligations  

 The Corporation incurs retirement
obligations for certain assets. The fair values of these obligations are
recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which is typically at the time the
assets are installed. In the estimation of fair value, the Corporation uses
assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as the existence of a legal
obligation for an asset retirement obligation; technical assessments of the
assets; estimated amounts and timing of settlements; discount rates; and
inflation rates. Asset retirement obligations are disclosed in Note 9 to the
financial statements.  

   

 Suspended Exploratory Well Costs  

 The Corporation continues capitalization
of exploratory well costs when the well has found a sufficient quantity of
reserves to justify its completion as a producing well and the Corporation is
making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and
operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs not meeting these
criteria are charged to expense. The facts and circumstances that support
continued capitalization of suspended wells at year-end are disclosed in Note
10 to the financial statements.  

   

 Consolidations  

 The
Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of subsidiaries the
Corporation controls. They also include the Corporation’s share of the
undivided interest in certain upstream assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. Amounts representing the Corporation’s interest in entities that it
does not control, but over which it exercises significant influence, are
accounted for using the equity method of accounting.  

 Investments in companies that are
partially owned by the Corporation are integral to the Corporation’s
operations. In some cases they serve to balance worldwide risks, and in others
they provide the only available means of entry into a particular market or area
of interest. The other parties, who also have an equity interest in these
companies, are either independent third parties or host governments that share
in the business results according to their ownership. The Corporation does not
invest in these companies in order to remove liabilities from its balance
sheet. In fact, the Corporation has long been on record supporting an
alternative accounting method that would require each investor to consolidate
its share of all assets and liabilities in these partially-owned companies
rather than only its interest in net equity. This method of accounting for
investments in partially-owned companies is not permitted by U.S. GAAP except
where the investments are in the direct ownership of a share of upstream assets
and liabilities. However, for purposes of calculating return on average capital
employed, which is not covered by U.S. GAAP standards, the Corporation includes
its share of debt of these partially-owned companies in the determination of
average capital employed.  

   

 Pension Benefits  

 The
Corporation and its affiliates sponsor nearly 100 defined benefit (pension)
plans in over 40 countries. The Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits footnote
(Note 17) provides details on pension obligations, fund assets and pension
expense.  

 Some
of these plans (primarily non-U.S.) provide pension benefits that are paid
directly by their sponsoring affiliates out of corporate cash flow rather than
a separate pension fund because applicable tax rules and regulatory practices
do not encourage advance funding. Book reserves are established for these
plans. The portion of the pension cost attributable to employee service is
expensed as services are rendered. The portion attributable to the increase in
pension obligations due to the passage of time is expensed over the term of the
obligations, which ends when all benefits are paid. The primary difference in
pension expense for unfunded versus funded plans is that pension expense for
funded plans also includes a credit for the expected long-term return on fund
assets. 

 For
funded plans, including those in the U.S., pension obligations are financed in
advance through segregated assets or insurance arrangements. These plans are
managed in compliance with the requirements of governmental authorities and
meet or exceed required funding levels as measured by relevant actuarial and
government standards at the mandated measurement dates. In determining
liabilities and required contributions, these standards often require
approaches and assumptions that differ from those used for accounting purposes.
 


 


 58   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   


 
 The Corporation will continue to make
contributions to these funded plans as necessary. All defined-benefit pension
obligations, regardless of the funding status of the underlying plans, are fully
supported by the financial strength of the Corporation or the respective
sponsoring affiliate.  

 Pension
accounting requires explicit assumptions regarding, among others, the long-term
expected earnings rate on fund assets, the discount rate for the benefit
obligations and the long-term rate for future salary increases. Pension
assumptions are reviewed annually by outside actuaries and senior management.
These assumptions are adjusted as appropriate to reflect changes in market
rates and outlook. The long-term expected earnings rate on U.S. pension plan
assets in 2017 was 6.50 percent. The 10‑year and 20‑year actual
returns on U.S. pension plan assets were 5 percent and 8 percent, respectively.
The Corporation establishes the long‑term expected rate of return by
developing a forward-looking, long-term return assumption for each pension fund
asset class, taking into account factors such as the expected real return for
the specific asset class and inflation. A single, long-term rate of return is
then calculated as the weighted average of the target asset allocation
percentages and the long-term return assumption for each asset class. A
worldwide reduction of 0.5 percent in the long-term rate of return on assets
would increase annual pension expense by approximately $170 million before tax.
 

 Differences between actual returns on fund
assets and the long-term expected return are not recognized in pension expense
in the year that the difference occurs. Such differences are deferred, along
with other actuarial gains and losses, and are amortized into pension expense
over the expected remaining service life of employees.  

   

 Litigation Contingencies  

 A
variety of claims have been made against the Corporation and certain of its
consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Management has
regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside
counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these
contingencies. The status of significant claims is summarized in Note 16.  

 The
Corporation accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the
incurrence of a loss is probable, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. These
amounts are not reduced by amounts that may be recovered under insurance or
claims against third parties, but undiscounted receivables from insurers or
other third parties may be accrued separately. The Corporation revises such
accruals in light of new information. For contingencies where an unfavorable
outcome is reasonably possible and which are significant, the Corporation
discloses the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the
possible loss. For purposes of our litigation contingency disclosures,
“significant” includes material matters as well as other items which management
believes should be disclosed.  

 Management judgment is required related to
contingent liabilities and the outcome of litigation because both are difficult
to predict. However, the Corporation has been successful in defending
litigation in the past. Payments have not had a material adverse effect on
operations or financial condition. In the Corporation’s experience, large
claims often do not result in large awards. Large awards are often reversed or
substantially reduced as a result of appeal or settlement.  

   

 Tax Contingencies  

 The
Corporation is subject to income taxation in many jurisdictions around the
world. Significant management judgment is required in the accounting for income
tax contingencies and tax disputes because the outcomes are often difficult to
predict.  

 The benefits of uncertain tax positions
that the Corporation has taken or expects to take in its income tax returns are
recognized in the financial statements if management concludes that it is more
likely than not that the position will be sustained with the tax authorities.
For a position that is likely to be sustained, the benefit recognized in the
financial statements is measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50
percent likely of being realized. A reserve is established for the difference
between a position taken or expected to be taken in an income tax return and
the amount recognized in the financial statements. The Corporation’s
unrecognized tax benefits and a description of open tax years are summarized in
Note 19. 

   

 Foreign
Currency Translation  

 The
method of translating the foreign currency financial statements of the
Corporation’s international subsidiaries into U.S. dollars is prescribed by
GAAP. Under these principles, it is necessary to select the functional currency
of these subsidiaries. The functional currency is the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the subsidiary operates. Management selects the
functional currency after evaluating this economic environment.  

 Factors considered by management when
determining the functional currency for a subsidiary include the currency used
for cash flows related to individual assets and liabilities; the responsiveness
of sales prices to changes in exchange rates; the history of inflation in the
country; whether sales are into local markets or exported; the currency used to
acquire raw materials, labor, services and supplies; sources of financing; and
significance of intercompany transactions. 

    



 
  




 


 59   


 
 

 


 MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

   


 
  

  Management, including the Corporation’s Chief Executive
Officer, Principal Financial Officer, and Principal Accounting Officer, is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the
Corporation’s financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on criteria
established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Exxon Mobil Corporation’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2017.  

 PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the
effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2017, as stated in their report included in the Financial
Section of this report.  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
     
   
  
     
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Darren W. Woods 
   Chief
  Executive Officer 
   
  
   Andrew P. Swiger 
   Senior Vice President 
   (Principal
  Financial Officer) 
   
  
   David S. Rosenthal 
   Vice President and Controller 
   (Principal
  Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 


 










 


 60   


 
 

 


 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   


 
 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Exxon Mobil Corporation 

 Opinions on the Financial Statements and
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Exxon Mobil Corporation and its subsidiaries (the
“Corporation”) as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017, including
the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial
statements”). We also have audited the Corporation's internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2017 based on criteria established in  Internal
Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  

 In our opinion, the consolidated   financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Corporation as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2017 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the
Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established
in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the COSO. 

 Change in Accounting Principle 

 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements, in 2017 the Corporation changed the manner in which it
accounts for certain sales and value-added taxes imposed on and concurrent with
revenue-producing transactions with customers and collected on behalf of
governmental authorities.                 

 Basis for Opinions 

 The Corporation's management is
responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Corporation’s consolidated   financial
statements and on the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Corporation in accordance with
the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated   financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud,
and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
in all material respects.  

 Our audits of the consolidated financial
statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on
the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as
we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
 


 


 61   


 
 

 


 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

   


 
 Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 A company’s internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  

 Dallas, Texas  

 February 28, 2018 

 We have served as the Corporation’s
auditor since 1934.    

   

    



 
  




 


 62   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME 


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Revenues and
  other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and other
  operating revenue  (1) 
   
  
   2  
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   239,854 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income from
  equity affiliates 
   
  
   7  
   
  
     
   
  
   5,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,644 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,821 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total revenues
  and other income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   244,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   208,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   249,248 
   
  
 
   
   Costs and other
  deductions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Crude oil and
  product purchases 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   128,217 
   
  
     
   
  
   104,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   130,003 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production and
  manufacturing expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,587 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Selling, general
  and administrative expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,956 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,799 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,501 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   19,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,048 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses, including dry holes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,467 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,523 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other taxes and
  duties 
   
  
   2, 19 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,020 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,309 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs and
  other deductions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   225,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   227,282 
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,966 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income taxes 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share  (dollars)  
   
  
   12  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share - assuming dilution  (dollars)  
   
  
   12  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Effective December 31, 2017, the
Corporation revised its accounting policy election related to sales-based
taxes. See Note 2: Accounting Changes. 

   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 63   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME 

   


 

 
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551 
   
  
 
   
   Other
  comprehensive income (net of income taxes) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  translation adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,352 
   
  
     
   
  
   (174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,303) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Adjustment for
  foreign exchange translation (gain)/loss 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   included in net
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   234 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves adjustment (excluding amortization) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (219) 
   
  
     
   
  
   493 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,358 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization and
  settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   adjustment included
  in net periodic benefit costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,165 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,448 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unrealized
  change in fair value of stock investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Realized
  (gain)/loss from stock investments included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,532 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,405 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,451) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  income including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,100 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Comprehensive
  income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   668 
   
  
     
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  income attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,687 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,596 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

    



 
  




 


 64   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cash and cash
  equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes and
  accounts receivable, less estimated doubtful amounts 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   25,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,394 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Inventories 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude oil,
  products and merchandise 
   
  
   3  
   
  
     
   
  
   12,871 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,877 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Materials and
  supplies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,203 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,368 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,285 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   47,134 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,416 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investments,
  advances and long-term receivables 
   
  
   8  
   
  
     
   
  
   39,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,102 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property, plant
  and equipment, at cost, less accumulated depreciation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and depletion 
   
  
   9  
   
  
     
   
  
   252,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,224 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other assets,
  including intangibles, net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,572 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Notes and loans payable 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   17,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,830 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accounts payable
  and accrued liabilities 
   
  
   6  
   
  
     
   
  
   36,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,193 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Income taxes
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,615 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   57,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,638 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term debt 
   
  
   14  
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,932 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves 
   
  
   17  
   
  
     
   
  
   21,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,680 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Deferred income
  tax liabilities 
   
  
   19  
   
  
     
   
  
   26,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,041 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term
  obligations to equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,124 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other long-term
  obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,069 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   154,191 
   
  
     
   
  
   156,484 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Commitments and
  contingencies 
   
  
   16  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  without par value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,000 million
  shares authorized, 8,019 million shares issued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,157 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Earnings
  reinvested 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   414,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   407,831 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,239) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  held in treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,780 million
  shares in 2017 and 3,871 million shares in 2016) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,246) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (230,424) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   187,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,325 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,505 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   194,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   173,830 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  liabilities and equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 65   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Note 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reference 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Number 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from
  operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Adjustments for
  noncash transactions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,308 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,048 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred income
  tax charges/(credits) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,577) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,386) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,832) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   in excess
  of/(less than) net payments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   (329) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,153 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other long-term
  obligation provisions 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   in excess of/(less
  than) payments 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (610) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends
  received greater than/(less than) equity in current 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   earnings of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   (579) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (691) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Changes in
  operational working capital, excluding cash and debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Reduction/(increase) 
   
  
   - Notes and
  accounts receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,954) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,090) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,692 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Inventories 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,682) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (388) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (379) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Other current
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (117) 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Increase/(reduction) 
   
  
   - Accounts and
  other payables 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   915 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,471) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net (gain) on
  asset sales 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (334) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,682) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (226) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   All other items
  - net 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (771) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (166) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash
  provided by operating activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,344 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from
  investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,402) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,163) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,490) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Proceeds
  associated with sales of subsidiaries, property, plant 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and equipment,
  and sales and returns of investments 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,389 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Decrease/(increase)
  in restricted cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   42 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additional
  investments and advances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,507) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,417) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (607) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other investing
  activities including collection of advances 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,076 
   
  
     
   
  
   902 
   
  
     
   
  
   842 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash used in
  investing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,730) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,403) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,824) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash flows from financing
  activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  long-term debt 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,066 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,028 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions in
  long-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions to
  short-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions in
  short-term debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,024) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (314) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (506) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions/(reductions)
  in commercial paper, and debt with 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   three months or
  less maturity 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,459) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,759 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash dividends
  to ExxonMobil shareholders 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,001) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,453) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,090) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash dividends
  to noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Changes in noncontrolling
  interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tax benefits
  related to stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  acquired 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (747) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,039) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Common stock
  sold 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net cash used in
  financing activities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,293) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,037) 
   
  
 
   
   Effects of exchange
  rate changes on cash 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   314 
   
  
     
   
  
   (434) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (394) 
   
  
 
   
   Increase/(decrease)
  in cash and cash equivalents 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (480) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (911) 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and cash
  equivalents at beginning of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,616 
   
  
 
   
   Cash and cash
  equivalents at end of year 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,657 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,705 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 66   


 
 

 


 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY 


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil Share of Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Accumulated 
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   ExxonMobil  
   
  
   Non- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Common 
   
  
     
   
  
   Earnings 
   
  
   Comprehensive 
   
  
   Held in  
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of  
   
  
   controlling 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
   Reinvested 
   
  
   Income 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,792 
   
  
     
   
  
   408,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,957) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,820) 
   
  
     
   
  
   174,399 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   181,064 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tax benefits
  related to stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   116 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (124) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   401 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,090) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,090) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,260) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (897) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,451) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,039) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,039) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,039) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,612 
   
  
     
   
  
   412,444 
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,511) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (229,734) 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,999 
   
  
     
   
  
   176,810 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   796 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tax benefits
  related to stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (281) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (281) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   535 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,453) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,453) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (162) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,615) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,405 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (977) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   287 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   407,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,239) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (230,424) 
   
  
     
   
  
   167,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   173,830 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  stock-based awards 
   
  
     
   
  
   801 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   801 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   801 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (432) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net income for
  the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dividends -
  common shares 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,001) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,001) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (184) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13,185) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,977 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,977 
   
  
     
   
  
   555 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,532 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions, at
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (828) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (828) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (978) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Issued for
  acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,711 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,789 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   295 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   414,540 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,262) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (225,246) 
   
  
     
   
  
   187,688 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,812 
   
  
     
   
  
   194,500 
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Held in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Common Stock
  Share Activity 
   
  
     
   
  
   Issued 
   
  
     
   
  
   Treasury 
   
  
   Outstanding 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of shares) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,818) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,201 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (48) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,863) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,156 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,871) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,148 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Issued for
  acquisitions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Dispositions 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,780) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,239 
   
  
 



   

 The
information in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is an integral
part of these statements.  

     



 
  




 


 67   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
  

  The
accompanying consolidated financial statements and the supporting and
supplemental material are the responsibility of the management of Exxon Mobil
Corporation.  

 The
Corporation’s principal business is energy, involving the worldwide
exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas
(Upstream) and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products
(Downstream). The Corporation is also a major worldwide manufacturer and
marketer of petrochemicals (Chemical).  

 The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ
from these estimates. Prior years’ data has been reclassified in certain cases
to conform to the 2017 presentation basis.  

   

 1.
Summary of Accounting Policies  

 Principles of Consolidation 

 The
Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of subsidiaries the
Corporation controls. They also include the Corporation’s share of the
undivided interest in certain upstream assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. Amounts representing the Corporation’s interest in entities that it
does not control, but over which it exercises significant influence, are
included in “Investments, advances and long-term receivables”. The
Corporation’s share of the net income of these companies is included in the
Consolidated Statement of Income caption “Income from equity affiliates”.  

 Majority
ownership is normally the indicator of control that is the basis on which
subsidiaries are consolidated. However, certain factors may indicate that a
majority-owned investment is not controlled and therefore should be accounted
for using the equity method of accounting. These factors occur where the
minority shareholders are granted by law or by contract substantive
participating rights. These include the right to approve operating policies,
expense budgets, financing and investment plans, and management compensation
and succession plans.  

 Evidence of
loss in value that might indicate impairment of investments in companies
accounted for on the equity method is assessed to determine if such evidence
represents a loss in value of the Corporation’s investment that is other than
temporary. Examples of key indicators include a history of operating losses,
negative earnings and cash flow outlook, significant downward revisions to oil
and gas reserves, and the financial condition and prospects for the investee’s
business segment or geographic region. If evidence of an other than temporary
loss in fair value below carrying amount is determined, an impairment is
recognized. In the absence of market prices for the investment, discounted cash
flows are used to assess fair value.  

 The
Corporation’s share of the cumulative foreign exchange translation adjustment
for equity method investments is reported in Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income.  

 Revenue Recognition 

 The
Corporation generally sells crude oil, natural gas and petroleum and chemical
products under short-term agreements at prevailing market prices. In some cases
(e.g., natural gas), products may be sold under long-term agreements, with
periodic price adjustments. Revenues are recognized when the products are
delivered, which occurs when the customer has taken title and has assumed the
risks and rewards of ownership, prices are fixed or determinable and
collectibility is reasonably assured.  

 Revenues
from the production of natural gas properties in which the Corporation has an
interest with other producers are recognized on the basis of the Corporation’s
net working interest. Differences between actual production and net working
interest volumes are not significant.  

 Purchases
and sales of inventory with the same counterparty that are entered into in
contemplation of one another are combined and recorded as exchanges measured at
the book value of the item sold.  

 Taxes on Sales Transactions 

 Beginning in
2017, the Corporation revised its reporting of certain sales and value-added
taxes imposed on and concurrent with revenue-producing transactions with
customers and collected on behalf of governmental authorities (sales-based
taxes). This changes reporting of sales-based taxes from gross reporting
(included in both “Sales and other operating revenue” and “Sales-based taxes”)
to net reporting (excluded from both “Sales and other operating revenue” and
“Sales-based taxes”) in the Consolidated Statement of Income. This change in
reporting was applied retrospectively and does not affect earnings. Similar
taxes, for which the Corporation is not considered to be an agent for the
government, continue to be reported on a gross basis.
 

 
 


 68   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Derivative Instruments 

 The
Corporation has the ability to use derivative instruments to offset exposures
associated with commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest
rates that arise from existing assets, liabilities and forecasted transactions.
The gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivatives
are recorded in income.  

 The
Corporation may designate derivatives as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges.
For fair value hedges, the gain or loss on the derivative and the offsetting
loss or gain on the hedged item are recognized in current earnings. For cash
flow hedges, the effective part of the hedge is initially reported as a
component of other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified into
earnings in the period that the forecasted transaction affects earnings, and
the ineffective part of the hedge is recognized immediately in earnings.   

 Fair Value 

 Fair value
is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. Hierarchy
Levels 1, 2 and 3 are terms for the priority of inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value. Hierarchy Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Hierarchy Level 2
inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that
are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. Hierarchy
Level 3 inputs are inputs that are not observable in the market. 

 Inventories 

 Crude oil,
products and merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of current market
value or cost (generally determined under the last-in, first-out method –
LIFO). Inventory costs include expenditures and other charges (including
depreciation) directly and indirectly incurred in bringing the inventory to its
existing condition and location. Selling expenses and general and
administrative expenses are reported as period costs and excluded from
inventory cost. Inventories of materials and supplies are valued at cost or
less.  

 Property, Plant and Equipment 

 Cost
Basis.  The Corporation uses the
“successful efforts” method to account for its exploration and production
activities. Under this method, costs are accumulated on a field-by-field basis.
Costs incurred to purchase, lease, or otherwise acquire a property (whether
unproved or proved) are capitalized when incurred. Exploratory well costs are
carried as an asset when the well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves
to justify its completion as a producing well and where the Corporation is
making sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and
operating viability of the project. Exploratory well costs not meeting these
criteria are charged to expense. Other exploratory expenditures, including
geophysical costs and annual lease rentals, are expensed as incurred.
Development costs, including costs of productive wells and development dry holes,
are capitalized.  

 Depreciation,
Depletion and Amortization.  Depreciation,
depletion and amortization are primarily determined under either the
unit-of-production method or the straight-line method, which is based on
estimated asset service life taking obsolescence into consideration.  

 Acquisition
costs of proved properties are amortized using a unit-of-production method,
computed on the basis of total proved oil and gas reserves. Capitalized
exploratory drilling and development costs associated with productive
depletable extractive properties are amortized using the unit-of-production
rates based on the amount of proved developed reserves of oil and gas that are
estimated to be recoverable from existing facilities using current operating
methods. Under the unit-of-production method, oil and gas volumes are
considered produced once they have been measured through meters at custody
transfer or sales transaction points at the outlet valve on the lease or field
storage tank. In the event that the unit-of-production method does not result
in an equitable allocation of cost over the economic life of an upstream asset,
an alternative method is used. The straight-line method is used in limited
situations where the expected life of the asset does not reasonably correlate
with that of the underlying reserves. For example, certain assets used in the
production of oil and natural gas have a shorter life than the reserves, and as
such, the Corporation uses straight-line depreciation to ensure the asset is
fully depreciated by the end of its useful life. 

 To the
extent that proved reserves for a property are substantially de-booked and that
property continues to produce such that the resulting depreciation charge does
not result in an equitable allocation of cost over the expected life, assets
will be depreciated using a unit-of-production method based on reserves
determined at the most recent SEC price which results in a more meaningful quantity
of proved reserves, appropriately adjusted for production and technical changes.
 

 Investments
in refinery, chemical process, and lubes basestock manufacturing equipment are
generally depreciated on a straight‑line basis over a 25-year life.
Service station buildings and fixed improvements generally are depreciated over
a 20-year life. Maintenance and repairs, including planned major maintenance,
are expensed as incurred. Major renewals and improvements are capitalized and
the assets replaced are retired.
 


 


 69   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Impairment Assessment.  The Corporation tests assets or groups of assets for
recoverability on an ongoing basis whenever events or circumstances indicate
that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Among the events or changes
in circumstances which could indicate that the carrying value of an asset or
asset group may not be recoverable are the following: 

 ·         
 a significant decrease in the
market price of a long-lived asset; 

 ·         
 a significant adverse change in
the extent or manner in which an asset is being used or in its physical
condition including a significant decrease in current and projected reserve
volumes; 

 ·         
 a significant adverse change in
legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value, including
an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; 

 ·         
 an accumulation of project costs
significantly in excess of the amount originally expected; 

 ·         
 a current-period operating loss
combined with a history and forecast of operating or cash flow losses; and 

 ·         
 a current expectation that, more
likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of
significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life. 

 Asset
valuation analyses performed as part of its asset management program and other
profitability reviews assist the Corporation in assessing whether events or
circumstances indicate the carrying amounts of any of its assets may not be
recoverable. 

 In
general, the Corporation does not view temporarily low prices or margins as an
indication of impairment. Management believes that prices over the long term
must be sufficient to generate investments in energy supply to meet global
demand. Although prices will occasionally drop significantly, industry prices
over the long term will continue to be driven by market supply and demand
fundamentals. On the supply side, industry production from mature fields is declining.
This is being offset by investments to generate production from new
discoveries, field developments and technology and efficiency advancements.
OPEC investment activities and production policies also have an impact on world
oil supplies. The demand side is largely a function of general economic
activities and levels of prosperity. Because the lifespans of the vast majority
of the Corporation’s major assets are measured in decades, the value of these
assets is predominantly based on long-term views of future commodity prices and
production costs. During the lifespan of these major assets, the Corporation
expects that oil and gas prices will experience significant volatility, and
consequently these assets will experience periods of higher earnings and periods
of lower earnings, or even losses. In assessing whether the events or changes
in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be
recoverable, the Corporation considers recent periods of operating losses in
the context of its longer-term view of prices. While near-term prices are
subject to wide fluctuations, longer-term price views are more stable and
meaningful for purposes of assessing future cash flows. 

 When the
industry experiences a prolonged and deep reduction in commodity prices, the
market supply and demand conditions may result in changes to the Corporation’s
long-term price or margin assumptions it uses for its capital investment
decisions. To the extent those changes result in a significant reduction to its
long-term oil price, natural gas price or margin ranges, the Corporation may
consider that situation, in conjunction with other events and changes in
circumstances such as a history of operating losses, an indicator of potential
impairment for certain assets. 

 In the
Upstream, the standardized measure of discounted cash flows included in the
Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production activities
is required to use prices based on the average of first-of-month prices. These
prices represent discrete points in time and could be higher or lower than the
Corporation’s long-term price assumptions which are used for impairment
assessments. The Corporation believes the standardized measure does not provide
a reliable estimate of the expected future cash flows to be obtained from the
development and production of its oil and gas properties or of the value of its
oil and gas reserves and therefore does not consider it relevant in determining
whether events or changes in circumstances indicate the need for an impairment
assessment. 

 If
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be
recoverable, the Corporation estimates the future undiscounted cash flows of
the affected properties to judge the recoverability of carrying amounts. In performing
this assessment, assets are grouped at the lowest level for which there are
identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other
groups of assets. Cash flows used in recoverability assessments are based on
the Corporation’s assumptions which are developed in the annual planning and
budgeting process, and are consistent with the criteria management uses to
evaluate investment opportunities. These evaluations make use of the
Corporation’s assumptions of future capital allocations, crude oil and natural
gas commodity prices, refining and chemical margins, volumes, costs, and
foreign currency exchange rates. Volumes are based on projected field and
facility production profiles, throughput, or sales. Where unproved reserves exist,
an appropriately risk-adjusted amount of these reserves may be included in the
evaluation. Cash flow estimates for impairment testing exclude the effects of
derivative instruments. 

 An
asset group is impaired if its estimated undiscounted cash flows are less than
the asset’s carrying value. Impairments are measured by the amount by which the
carrying value exceeds fair value. Fair value is based on market prices if an
active market exists for the asset group, or discounted cash flows using a
discount rate commensurate with the risk. Significant unproved properties are
assessed for impairment individually, and valuation allowances against the
capitalized costs are recorded based on the estimated economic chance of
success and the length of time that the Corporation expects to hold the
properties. Properties  
 


 70   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 that are not individually
significant are aggregated by groups and amortized based on development risk
and average holding period.  

 Other.  Gains on sales of proved and unproved properties are
only recognized when there is neither uncertainty about the recovery of costs
applicable to any interest retained nor any substantial obligation for future
performance by the Corporation. Losses on properties sold are recognized when
incurred or when the properties are held for sale and the fair value of the
properties is less than the carrying value. 

 Interest
costs incurred to finance expenditures during the construction phase of
multiyear projects are capitalized as part of the historical cost of acquiring
the constructed assets. The project construction phase commences with the
development of the detailed engineering design and ends when the constructed
assets are ready for their intended use. Capitalized interest costs are
included in property, plant and equipment and are depreciated over the service
life of the related assets.  

   

 Asset
Retirement Obligations and Environmental Liabilities 

 The Corporation
incurs retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values of these
obligations are recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which is
typically at the time the assets are installed. The costs associated with these
liabilities are capitalized as part of the related assets and depreciated. Over
time, the liabilities are accreted for the change in their present value.  

 Liabilities
for environmental costs are recorded when it is probable that obligations have
been incurred and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. These liabilities
are not reduced by possible recoveries from third parties, and projected cash
expenditures are not discounted.  

   

 Foreign
Currency Translation 

 The
Corporation selects the functional reporting currency for its international
subsidiaries based on the currency of the primary economic environment in which
each subsidiary operates.  

 Downstream
and Chemical operations primarily use the local currency. However, the U.S.
dollar is used in countries with a history of high inflation (primarily in
Latin America) and Singapore, which predominantly sells into the U.S. dollar
export market. Upstream operations which are relatively self-contained and
integrated within a particular country, such as Canada, the United Kingdom,
Norway and continental Europe, use the local currency. Some Upstream
operations, primarily in Asia and Africa, use the U.S. dollar because they
predominantly sell crude and natural gas production into U.S.
dollar-denominated markets.  

 For all
operations, gains or losses from remeasuring foreign currency transactions into
the functional currency are included in income.  

   

 Stock-Based
Payments 

 The
Corporation awards stock-based compensation to employees in the form of
restricted stock and restricted stock units. Compensation expense is measured
by the price of the stock at the date of grant and is recognized in income over
the requisite service period.  

 
 


 71   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 2. Accounting Changes  

 Effective December 31, 2017, the Corporation revised its
accounting policy election related to the reporting of certain sales and
value-added taxes imposed on and concurrent with revenue-producing transactions
with customers and collected on behalf of governmental authorities (sales-based
taxes). This changes reporting of sales-based taxes from gross reporting
(included in both “Sales and other operating revenue” and “Sales-based taxes”)
to the preferable method of net reporting (excluded from both “Sales and other
operating revenue” and “Sales-based taxes”) in the Consolidated Statement of
Income. The revised election makes reported revenue more consistent with
ExxonMobil’s role as an agent for the government and is more consistent with
the reporting practices of other international major oil and gas companies and
the largest U.S. companies. This change in accounting principle was applied
retrospectively and does not affect net income attributable to ExxonMobil. 

 Also effective December 31, 2017, the
Corporation reclassified U.S. Federal excise tax from “Sales-based taxes” to
“Other taxes and duties”. For these taxes ExxonMobil is not considered to be an
agent for the government and these taxes will continue to be reported gross. The
amount reclassified was $3,110 million in 2016 and $3,044 million in 2015. This
change in classification was applied retrospectively and does not affect net
income attributable to ExxonMobil. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   As Reported 
   
  
   Change 
   
  
   As Adjusted 
   
  
     
   
  
   As Reported 
   
  
   Change 
   
  
   As Adjusted 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue 
   
  
   218,608 
   
  
   (17,980) 
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   259,488 
   
  
   (19,634) 
   
  
   239,854 
   
  
 
   
   Sales-based
  taxes 
   
  
   21,090 
   
  
   (21,090) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,678 
   
  
   (22,678) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other taxes and
  duties 
   
  
   25,910 
   
  
   3,110 
   
  
   29,020 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,265 
   
  
   3,044 
   
  
   30,309 
   
  
 



   

 Effective January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil adopted
the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s standard,  Revenue from Contracts
with Customers,  as amended. The standard establishes a single revenue
recognition model for all contracts with customers, eliminates industry and
transaction specific requirements, and expands disclosure requirements. The
standard was adopted using the Modified Retrospective method, under which prior
year results are not restated, but supplemental information on the impact of
the new standard must be provided for 2018 results, if material. The standard
is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial
statements. The cumulative effect of adoption of the new standard is de
minimis. 

 Effective
January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s
Update,  Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The standard
requires investments in equity securities other than consolidated subsidiaries
and equity method investments to be measured at fair value with changes in the
fair value recognized through net income. Companies can elect a modified
approach for equity securities that do not have a readily determinable fair
value. The standard is not expected to have a material impact on the
Corporation’s financial statements. 

 Effective
January 1, 2018, ExxonMobil adopted the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s
Update,  Compensation – Retirement Benefits (Topic 715): Improving the
Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement
Benefit Cost . The update requires the service cost component of net benefit
costs to be reported in the same line of the income statement as other compensation
costs and the other components of net benefit costs (non-service costs) to be
presented separately from the service cost component. Additionally, only the
service cost component of net benefit costs is eligible for capitalization. The
Corporation expects to add a new line “Non-service pension and postretirement
benefit expense” to its Consolidated Statement of Income and expects to include
all of these costs in its Corporate and financing segment. This line would
reflect the non-service costs that were previously included in “Production and
manufacturing expenses” and “Selling, general and administrative expenses”. The
update is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial
statements.  

 Effective
January 1, 2019, ExxonMobil will adopt the Financial Accounting Standards
Board’s standard,  Leases . The standard requires all leases with an
initial term greater than one year be recorded on the balance sheet as an asset
and a lease liability. The Corporation is gathering and evaluating data and
recently acquired a system to facilitate implementation. We are progressing an
assessment of the magnitude of the effect on the Corporation’s financial
statements. 

 
 


 72   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 3. Miscellaneous Financial Information  

 Research
and development expenses totaled $1,063 million in 2017, $1,058 million
in 2016, and $1,008 million in 2015.  

 Net
income included before‑tax aggregate foreign exchange transaction gains
of $6 million in 2017 and $29 million in 2016, and a loss of
$119 million in 2015.  

 In 2017,
2016, and 2015, net income included losses of $10 million, $295 million,
and $186 million, respectively, attributable to the combined effects of
LIFO inventory accumulations and drawdowns. The aggregate replacement cost of
inventories was estimated to exceed their LIFO carrying values by
$10.8 billion and $8.1 billion at December 31, 2017, and 2016,
respectively. 

 Crude oil,
products and merchandise as of year-end 2017 and 2016 consist of the following:
 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
       (billions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Crude oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.9 
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum
  products 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.7 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical
  products 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.3 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.8 
   
  
 
   
   Gas/other 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   12.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   10.9 
   
  
 



 
 


 73   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 4.      Other Comprehensive
Income Information 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Cumulative 
   
  
     
   
  
   Post- 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Foreign 
   
  
     
   
  
   retirement 
   
  
     
   
  
   Unrealized 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exchange 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Change in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil
  Share of Accumulated Other  
   
  
   Translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   Reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   Stock 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  Income 
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Adjustment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2014 
   
  
   (5,952) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (12,945) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (60) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (18,957) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current period
  change excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (8,204) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,202 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,969) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  reclassified from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,402 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total change in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (8,218) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,554) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2015 
   
  
   (14,170) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,341) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (23,511) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current period
  change excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   552 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   221 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts
  reclassified from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,051 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total change in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,272 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2016 
   
  
   (14,501) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,738) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,239) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current period
  change excluding amounts reclassified 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   from accumulated
  other comprehensive income 
   
  
   4,879 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (170) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,709 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts reclassified
  from accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
   140 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,128 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,268 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total change in
  accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
  
   5,019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   958 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,977 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance as of
  December 31, 2017 
   
  
   (9,482) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,780) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (16,262) 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Amounts
  Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Comprehensive
  Income - Before-tax Income/(Expense) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  translation gain/(loss) included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Statement of
  Income line: Other income) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (234) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization and
  settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment
  included in net periodic benefit costs   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,656) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,531) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,066) 
   
  
 
   
   Realized change
  in fair value of stock investments included in net income 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (Statement of
  Income line: Other income) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (42) 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
 



   

 (1)   These accumulated other comprehensive income components are
included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. (See Note 17 –
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits for additional details.) 

   

 
  
   
   Income Tax
  (Expense)/Credit For 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Components of
  Other Comprehensive Income 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Foreign exchange
  translation adjustment 
   
  
   67 
   
  
     
   
  
   43 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves adjustment (excluding amortization) 
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   (247) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,192) 
   
  
 
   
   Amortization and
  settlement of postretirement benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   adjustment
  included in net periodic benefit costs 
   
  
   (491) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (445) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (618) 
   
  
 
   
   Unrealized
  change in fair value of stock investments 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
 
   
   Realized change
  in fair value of stock investments included in net income 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
   (223) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (649) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,672) 
   
  
 



 
 


 74   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 5. Cash Flow Information  

 The
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows provides information about changes in cash
and cash equivalents. Highly liquid investments with maturities of three months
or less when acquired are classified as cash equivalents.  

 For
2017, the “Net (gain) on asset sales” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash
Flows includes before-tax amounts from the sale of service stations in multiple
countries, Upstream asset transactions in the U.S., and the sale of ExxonMobil’s
operated Upstream business in Norway. For 2016, the number includes before-tax
amounts from the sale of service stations in Canada, the sale of Upstream
properties in the U.S., and the sale of aviation fueling operations across
multiple countries. For 2015, the number includes before-tax amounts from the
sale of service stations in Europe, the sale of Upstream properties in the
U.S., the sale of ExxonMobil’s interests in Chemical and Refining joint
ventures, and the sale of the Torrance refinery. These net gains are reported
in “Other income” on the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

 In
2017, the “Additions/(reductions) in commercial paper, and debt with three
months or less maturity” on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows includes a
net $121 million repayment of commercial paper with maturity over three months.
The gross amount issued was $3.6 billion, while the gross amount repaid was $3.7
billion. In 2016, the number includes a net $608 million addition of commercial
paper with maturity over three months. The gross amount issued was $3.9
billion, while the gross amount repaid was $3.3 billion. In 2015, the number
includes a net $358 million addition of commercial paper with maturity over
three months. The gross amount issued was $8.1 billion, while the gross amount
repaid was $7.7 billion. 

 In
2017, the Corporation completed the acquisitions of InterOil Corporation and of
companies that own certain oil and gas properties in the Permian basin and
other assets. These transactions included a significant noncash component.
Additional information is provided in Note 20. 

 In
2015, ExxonMobil completed an asset exchange that resulted in value received of
approximately $500 million including $100 million in cash. The noncash
portion was not included in the “Sales of subsidiaries, investments, and
property, plant and equipment” or the “All other items-net” lines on the
Statement of Cash Flows. Capital leases of approximately $1 billion were not
included in the “Additions to long-term debt” or “Additions to property, plant
and equipment” lines on the Statement of Cash Flows. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash payments
  for interest 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,132 
   
  
     
   
  
   818 
   
  
     
   
  
   586 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Cash payments
  for income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,269 
   
  
 



 
 
 

 6. Additional Working Capital Information  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Notes and
  accounts receivable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trade, less
  reserves of $72 million and $75 million 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,033 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other, less
  reserves of $539 million and $627 million 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,361 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,394 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Notes and loans
  payable 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Bank loans 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Commercial paper 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,727 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term debt
  due within one year 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,766 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,960 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,830 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Accounts payable
  and accrued liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Trade payables 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,801 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Payables to
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,748 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accrued taxes
  other than income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,311 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,653 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,991 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,193 
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation has short-term committed
lines of credit of $5.4 billion which were unused as of December 31, 2017. These
lines are available for general corporate purposes .  

 The
weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings outstanding was 1.3 percent
and 0.6 percent at December 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively.  

 
 


 75   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 7. Equity Company Information  

 The
summarized financial information below includes amounts related to certain
less-than-majority-owned companies and majority-owned subsidiaries where
minority shareholders possess the right to participate in significant
management decisions (see Note 1). These companies are primarily engaged in oil
and gas exploration and production, and natural gas marketing in North America;
natural gas exploration, production and distribution in Europe; and exploration,
production, liquefied natural gas (LNG) operations, refining operations,
petrochemical manufacturing, and fuel sales in Asia and the Middle East. Also
included are several refining, petrochemical manufacturing and marketing
ventures.  

 The
share of total equity company revenues from sales to ExxonMobil
consolidated companies was 15 percent, 14 percent and 15 percent in the
years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 The Corporation’s
ownership in these ventures is in the form of shares in corporate joint
ventures as well as interests in partnerships. Differences between the
company’s carrying value of an equity investment and its underlying equity in
the net assets of the affiliate are assigned to the extent practicable to
specific assets and liabilities based on the company’s analysis of the factors
giving rise to the difference. The amortization of this difference, as
appropriate, is included in “Income from equity affiliates” on the Consolidated
Statement of Income.  

 In
2013 and 2014, the Corporation and Rosneft established various entities to
conduct exploration and research activities. In 2014, the European Union and
United States imposed sanctions relating to the Russian energy sector. In the
latter half of 2017, the United States codified and expanded sanctions against
Russia. With respect to the foregoing, the Corporation and its affiliates
continue to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. In late
2017, the Corporation decided to withdraw from these joint ventures. The
Corporation expects it will formally initiate the withdrawal in 2018. The
decision to withdraw resulted in an after-tax loss of $0.2 billion. 

 In 2017, the Corporation invested about $3
billion to acquire shares in four joint venture companies, resulting in a 25
percent indirect interest in the natural gas-rich Area 4 block offshore
Mozambique. The transaction was completed on December 13, 2017. The investments
are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Company 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
   ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
         ExxonMobil 
   
  
 
   
   Financial
  Summary 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Share 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total revenues 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,340 
   
  
     
   
  
   80,247 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   111,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,297 
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,748 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,509 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,379 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,670 
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,236 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,019 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Income from
  equity affiliates 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,808 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,651 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Current assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,050 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,412 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,392 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,879 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,244 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,221 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,931 
   
  
     
   
  
   109,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,357 
   
  
     
   
  
   109,684 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,878 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   157,588 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,058 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,749 
   
  
     
   
  
   142,563 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,122 
   
  
 
   
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,348 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,507 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,765 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,947 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,738 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,288 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,388 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,165 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,577 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,441 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,696 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,219 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 76   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A list of
significant equity companies as of December 31, 201 7,
together with the Corporation’s percentage ownership interest, is detailed
below: 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Percentage 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Ownership 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Interest 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Aera Energy LLC 
   
  
   48 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Barzan Gas
  Company Limited 
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   BEB Erdgas und
  Erdoel GmbH & Co. KG 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cameroon Oil
  Transportation Company S.A. 
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cross Timbers
  Energy, LLC 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Golden Pass LNG
  Terminal LLC 
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Marine Well
  Containment Company LLC 
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mozambique Rovuma
  Venture, S.p.A. 
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nederlandse
  Aardolie Maatschappij B.V. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Qatar Liquefied
  Gas Company Limited (2) 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited (II) 
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Ras Laffan
  Liquefied Natural Gas Company Limited (3) 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   South Hook LNG
  Terminal Company Limited 
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Tengizchevroil,
  LLP 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Terminale GNL
  Adriatico S.r.l. 
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fujian Refining
  & Petrochemical Co. Ltd. 
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Permian Express
  Partners LLC 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Saudi Aramco
  Mobil Refinery Company Ltd. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Al-Jubail
  Petrochemical Company 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum Italia
  s.r.l. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum
  Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Infineum USA L.P. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Saudi Yanbu
  Petrochemical Co. 
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 


 77   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 8. Investments, Advances and Long-Term Receivables 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Companies
  carried at equity in underlying assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Investments 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,810 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Advances 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,443 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total equity
  company investments and advances 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,466 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,253 
   
  
 
   
   Companies
  carried at cost or less and stock investments carried at fair value 
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   154 
   
  
 
   
   Long-term
  receivables and miscellaneous investments at cost or less, net of reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of $5,432 million
  and $4,141 million 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,520 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,695 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,102 
   
  
 



 
 
 

 9. Property, Plant and Equipment and Asset
Retirement Obligations  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2016 
   
  
 
   
   Property,
  Plant and Equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
   Cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   371,904 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   355,265 
   
  
     
   
  
   195,904 
   
  
 
   
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,343 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,732 
   
  
     
   
  
   47,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,588 
   
  
 
   
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,966 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,098 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,401 
   
  
 
   
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,972 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,490 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,637 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,331 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   477,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   453,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,224 
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation has a robust process to monitor for indicators of
potential impairment across its asset groups throughout the year. This process
is aligned with the requirements of ASC 360 and relies in part on the
Corporation’s planning and budgeting cycle. As part of its 2017 annual planning
and budgeting cycle, the Corporation identified emerging trends such as increasing
estimates of available natural gas supplies and ongoing reductions in the
industry’s costs of supply for natural gas that resulted in a reduction to the
Corporation’s long-term natural gas price outlooks. Based in part on these
trends, the Corporation concluded that events and circumstances indicated that
the carrying value of certain long-lived assets, notably North America natural
gas assets and certain other assets across the remainder of its Upstream
operations, may not be recoverable. Accordingly, an impairment assessment was
performed which indicated that the vast majority of asset groups assessed have
future undiscounted cash flow estimates that exceed their carrying values.
However, the carrying values for certain asset groups in the United States
exceeded the estimated cash flows. As a result, the Corporation’s fourth
quarter 2017 results include a before-tax charge of $0.8 billion to reduce the
carrying value of those assets to fair value. The asset groups subject to this
impairment charge are primarily dry gas operations with little additional
development potential. In addition, the Corporation made a decision to cease
development planning activities and further allocation of capital to certain
non-producing assets outside the United States resulting in a before-tax charge
of $0.9 billion to reduce the carrying value of those assets that are included
in Property, Plant and Equipment. Other impairments during the year resulted in
a before-tax charge of $0.3 billion. The impairment charges are recognized primarily
in the line “Depreciation and depletion” on the Consolidated Statement of
Income. 

 The assessment of fair values required the use of Level 3
inputs and assumptions that are based upon the views of a likely market
participant. The principal parameters used to establish fair values included
estimates of both proved and unproved reserves, future commodity prices which
were consistent with the average of third-party industry experts and government
agencies, drilling and development costs, discount rates ranging from 5.5
percent to 8 percent depending on the characteristics of the asset group, and
comparable market transactions. Factors which could put further assets at risk
of impairment in the future include reductions in the Corporation’s long-term
price outlooks, changes in the allocation of capital, and operating cost
increases which exceed the pace of efficiencies or the pace of oil and natural
gas price increases. However, due to the inherent difficulty in predicting
future commodity prices, and the relationship between industry prices and
costs, it is not practicable to reasonably estimate the existence or range of
any potential future impairment charges related to the Corporation’s long-lived
assets. 

 Accumulated
depreciation and depletion totaled $224,555 million at the end of 2017 and $209,691
million at the end of 2016. Interest capitalized in 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $749
million, $708 million and $482 million, respectively.  

 
 


 78   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 Asset Retirement Obligations  

 The
Corporation incurs retirement obligations for certain assets. The fair values
of these obligations are recorded as liabilities on a discounted basis, which
is typically at the time the assets are installed. In the estimation of fair
value, the Corporation uses assumptions and judgments regarding such factors as
the existence of a legal obligation for an asset retirement obligation;
technical assessments of the assets; estimated amounts and timing of
settlements; discount rates; and inflation rates. Asset retirement obligations
incurred in the current period were Level 3 fair value measurements. The costs
associated with these liabilities are capitalized as part of the related assets
and depreciated as the reserves are produced. Over time, the liabilities are
accreted for the change in their present value.  

 Asset
retirement obligations for downstream and chemical facilities generally become
firm at the time the facilities are permanently shut down and dismantled. These
obligations may include the costs of asset disposal and additional soil
remediation. However, these sites have indeterminate lives based on plans for
continued operations and as such, the fair value of the conditional legal
obligations cannot be measured, since it is impossible to estimate the future
settlement dates of such obligations.  

 The following
table summarizes the activity in the liability for asset retirement
obligations: 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Beginning
  balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,704 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion
  expense and other provisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   780 
   
  
     
   
  
   740 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reduction due to
  property sales 
   
  
     
   
  
   (906) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Payments made 
   
  
     
   
  
   (730) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (549) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Liabilities
  incurred 
   
  
     
   
  
   128 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign currency
  translation 
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
     
   
  
   (513) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
     
   
  
   (421) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (209) 
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,705 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,243 
   
  
 



   

 The long-term Asset Retirement Obligations were $11,928 million
and $12,352 million at December 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively, and are
included in Other long-term obligations.    

 
 


 79   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 10. Accounting for Suspended Exploratory
Well Costs  

 The
Corporation continues capitalization of exploratory well costs when the
well has found a sufficient quantity of reserves to justify its completion as a
producing well and the Corporation is making sufficient progress assessing
the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project. The term
“project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities
and does not necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment
transparency reports. 

 The
following two tables provide details of the changes in the balance of suspended
exploratory well costs as well as an aging summary of those costs. 

 Change
in capitalized suspended exploratory well costs:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance beginning
  at January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,372 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,587 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions
  pending the determination of proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
     
   
  
   847 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Charged to
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,205) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reclassifications
  to wells, facilities and equipment based on the 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   determination of
  proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (497) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Divestments/Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   (14) 
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance
  at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,372 
   
  
 
   
   Ending balance
  attributed to equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   306 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   696 
   
  
 



   

 Period end capitalized suspended exploratory well costs:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized for
  a period of one year or less 
   
  
     
   
  
   906 
   
  
     
   
  
   180 
   
  
     
   
  
   847 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of between one and five years 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of between five and ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   911 
   
  
     
   
  
   826 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized for
  a period of greater than ten years 
   
  
     
   
  
   385 
   
  
     
   
  
   405 
   
  
     
   
  
   313 
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized for
  a period greater than one year - subtotal 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,297 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,525 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,477 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,372 
   
  
 



   

 Exploration activity often involves
drilling multiple wells, over a number of years, to fully evaluate a project.
The table below provides a breakdown of the number of projects with only
exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of one year or less and those
that have had exploratory well costs capitalized for a period greater than one
year. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  projects that only have exploratory well costs capitalized for a period 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of one year or
  less 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
 
   
   Number of
  projects that have exploratory well costs capitalized for a period 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of greater than
  one year 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
 



   

 Of the 46 projects that have exploratory well costs capitalized
for a period greater than one year as of December 31, 2017, 10 projects
have drilling in the preceding year or exploratory activity planned in the next
two years, while the remaining 36 projects are those with completed exploratory
activity progressing toward development.  

 
 


 80   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The table below provides additional detail
for those 36 projects, which total $1,639 million.  

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
   Wells 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Country/Project 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   Drilled 
   
  
   Comment 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (millions of
  dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Angola 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - AB32 Central
  NE Hub 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 - 2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Kaombo Split
  Hub 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
     
   
  
   2005 - 2006 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
      Phase 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    -
  Perpetua-Zinia-Acacia 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2009 
   
  
    Oil field near
  Pazflor development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    infrastructure.  
   
  
 
   
   Argentina 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - La Invernada 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
   Australia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - East Pilchard 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   2001 
   
  
    Gas field near
  Kipper/Tuna development, awaiting capacity in existing/ 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    planned
  infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
    - SE Longtom 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010  
   
  
    Gas field near
  Tuna development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    infrastructure.  
   
  
 
   
    - SE Remora 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   2010  
   
  
    Gas field near
  Marlin development, awaiting capacity in existing/planned 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    infrastructure.  
   
  
 
   
   Indonesia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Kedung Keris 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
   Iraq 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Kurdistan
  Pirmam 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
    Evaluating
  commercialization alternatives, while waiting for government 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    approval to
  enter Gas Holding Period. 
   
  
 
   
   Kazakhstan 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Kairan 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   2004 - 2007 
   
  
    Evaluating
  commercialization and field development alternatives, while 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    continuing
  discussions with the government regarding the development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Kalamkas 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 - 2009 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development alternatives, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
   Malaysia 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Bindu 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   1995 
   
  
    Awaiting
  capacity in existing/planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
   Nigeria 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Bolia 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   2002 - 2006 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding regional hub strategy. 
   
  
 
   
    - Bosi 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   2002 - 2006 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Bosi Central 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   2006 
   
  
    Development
  activity under way, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
    - Erha
  Northeast 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - OML 138 Ukot
  SW 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - OML 138 Ukot
  SS 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Pegi 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   2009  
   
  
    Awaiting
  capacity in existing/planned infrastructure. 
   
  
 
   
    - Satellite
  Field 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013  
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan to tie into planned production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
       Development
  Phase 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Other (3
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   2002  
   
  
    Evaluating and
  pursuing development of several additional discoveries. 
   
  
 
   
   Norway 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Gamma 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2009 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan for tieback to existing production facilities. 
   
  
 
   
    - Lavrans 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   1995 - 1999 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plan, awaiting capacity in existing Kristin 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    production
  facility. 
   
  
 
   
    - Other (7
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   2008 - 2014 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development plans, including potential for tieback to existing 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    production
  facilities. 
   
  
 
   
   Papua New Guinea 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Juha 
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   2007 
   
  
    Progressing
  development plans to tie into existing LNG facilities. 
   
  
 




 


 81   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Years 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Dec. 31, 
   
  
   Wells 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Country/Project 
   
  
   2017 
   
  
   Drilled 
   
  
   Comment 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (millions of
  dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Republic of
  Congo 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Mer Tres
  Profonde Sud 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   2000 - 2007 
   
  
    Evaluating
  development alternatives, while continuing discussions with the 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    government
  regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
   Romania 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Neptun Deep 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   2012 - 2016 
   
  
    Continuing
  discussions with the government regarding development plan. 
   
  
 
   
   Vietnam 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
    - Blue Whale 
   
  
     
   
  
   296 
   
  
     
   
  
   2011 - 2015 
   
  
    Development
  planning activity under way, while continuing commercial  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
    discussions
  with the government. 
   
  
 
   
   Total 2017 (36
  projects) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,639 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
 
 

 11. Leased Facilities  

 At
December 31, 2017, the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries held
noncancelable operating charters and leases covering drilling equipment,
tankers, service stations and other properties with minimum undiscounted lease
commitments totaling $4,290 million as indicated in the table. Estimated related
sublease rental income from noncancelable subleases totals $36 million.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Lease Payments 
   
  
 
   
      
   
  
     
   
  
   Under Minimum Commitments 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Drilling Rigs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and Related 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equipment 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   767 
   
  
     
   
  
   936 
   
  
 
   
   2019  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
     
   
  
   537 
   
  
     
   
  
   668 
   
  
 
   
   2020  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   397 
   
  
     
   
  
   498 
   
  
 
   
   2021  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
   367 
   
  
 
   
   2022  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   259 
   
  
     
   
  
   300 
   
  
 
   
   2023 and beyond 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,521 
   
  
 
   
        Total 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   611 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,679 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,290 
   
  
 



   

 Net rental cost under both cancelable and noncancelable operating
leases incurred during 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Rental cost 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Drilling rigs
  and related equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   792 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,853 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other (net of
  sublease rental income) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,817 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,076 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,929 
   
  
 



 
 


 82   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 12. Earnings Per Share  

   

 
  
   
   Earnings per
  common share 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  attributable to ExxonMobil   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Weighted average
  number of common shares outstanding   (millions
  of shares) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,256 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,196 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings per
  common share   (dollars)  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   4.63 
   
  
     
   
  
   1.88 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.85 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Dividends paid per
  common share  (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.06 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.98 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.88 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   The earnings per common share and earnings per common share
- assuming dilution are the same in each period shown.  

 
 
 

 13. Financial Instruments and Derivatives  

 Financial Instruments.  The fair value of financial instruments
is determined by reference to observable market data and other valuation
techniques as appropriate. The only category of financial instruments where the
difference between fair value and recorded book value is notable is long-term
debt. The estimated fair value of total long-term debt, excluding capitalized
lease obligations, was $23.7 billion and $28.0 billion at December 31, 2017,
and 2016, respectively, as compared to recorded book values of $23.1 billion
and $27.7 billion at December 31, 2017, and 2016, respectively.  

 The fair value of long-term debt by
hierarchy level at December 31, 2017, is: Level 1 $23,529 million; Level 2 $170
million; and Level 3 $6 million. 

   

 Derivative Instruments.  The Corporation’s size, strong capital
structure, geographic diversity and the complementary nature of the Upstream,
Downstream and Chemical businesses reduce the Corporation’s enterprise-wide
risk from changes in interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices. In
addition, the Corporation uses commodity-based contracts, including
derivatives, to manage commodity price risk and for trading purposes. Credit
risk associated with the Corporation’s derivative position is mitigated by
several factors, including the use of derivative clearing exchanges and the
quality of and financial limits placed on derivative counterparties. The
Corporation believes that there are no material market or credit risks to the
Corporation’s financial position, results of operations or liquidity as a
result of the derivatives. The Corporation maintains a system of controls that
includes the authorization, reporting and monitoring of derivative activity. 

 The
estimated fair value of derivative instruments outstanding and recorded on the
balance sheet was a net liability of $38 million at year-end 2017 and a net liability
of $22 million at year-end 2016. Assets and liabilities associated with
derivatives are usually recorded either in “Other current assets” or “Accounts payable
and accrued liabilities”.  

 The
Corporation’s fair value measurement of its derivative instruments use either
Level 1 or Level 2 inputs.  

 The
Corporation recognized a before-tax gain or (loss) related to derivative
instruments of $(99) million, $(81) million and $39 million during 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively. Income statement effects associated with
derivatives are usually recorded either in “Sales and other operating revenue”
or “Crude oil and product purchases”. 

 
 


 83   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 14. Long-Term Debt  

 At
December 31, 2017, long-term debt consisted of $23,736 million due
in U.S. dollars and $670 million representing the U.S. dollar equivalent
at year-end exchange rates of amounts payable in foreign currencies. These
amounts exclude that portion of long-term debt, totaling $4,766 million, which
matures within one year and is included in current liabilities. The amounts of
long-term debt, including capitalized lease obligations, maturing in each of
the four years after December 31, 2018, in millions of dollars, are: 2019
– $4,045; 2020 – $1,617; 2021 – $2,549; and 2022 – $1,835.
At December 31, 2017, the Corporation’s unused long-term credit lines were $0.2
billion.  

 Summarized
long-term debt at year-end 2017 and 2016 are shown in the table below:  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Average   
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Rate  (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
         (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exxon Mobil
  Corporation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.305% notes due
  2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,600 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.439% notes due
  2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2018  (Issued 2016)    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   750 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2018  (Issued 2015)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.819% notes due
  2019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.708% notes due
  2019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2019  (Issued 2014) 
   
  
   1.345% 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2019  (Issued 2016) 
   
  
   1.953% 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.912% notes due
  2020 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.222% notes due
  2021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.397% notes due
  2022 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,150 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Floating-rate
  notes due 2022 
   
  
   1.557% 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
   500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.726% notes due
  2023 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,250 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.176% notes due
  2024 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.709% notes due
  2025 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,750 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.043% notes due
  2026 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3.567% notes due
  2045  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,000 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.114% notes due
  2046 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,500 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   XTO Energy Inc.   (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5.500% senior
  notes due 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   371 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.500% senior
  notes due 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.100% senior
  notes due 2036 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.750% senior
  notes due 2037 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   302 
   
  
     
   
  
   304 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6.375% senior
  notes due 2038 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   232 
   
  
     
   
  
   233 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Mobil
  Corporation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8.625%
  debentures due 2021 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   249 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Industrial
  revenue bonds due 2019-2051 
   
  
   0.764% 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,559 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other U.S.
  dollar obligations 
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   103 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other foreign
  currency obligations 
   
  
      
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Capitalized
  lease obligations 
   
  
   8.504% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,327 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,225 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt issuance
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (69) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total long-term
  debt 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   24,406 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,932 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Average effective interest rate for debt and average imputed
interest rate for capital leases at December 31, 2017. 

 (2)   Includes premiums of $102 million in
2017 and $138 million in 2016. 

 
 


 84   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 15. Incentive Program  

 The 2003 Incentive Program provides for
grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights (SARs), restricted stock and
other forms of award. Awards may be granted to eligible employees of the
Corporation and those affiliates at least 50 percent owned. Outstanding awards
are subject to certain forfeiture provisions contained in the program or award
instrument. Options and SARs may be granted at prices not less than 100 percent
of market value on the date of grant and have a maximum life of 10 years. The
maximum number of shares of stock that may be issued under the 2003 Incentive
Program is 220 million. Awards that are forfeited, expire or are settled in
cash, do not count against this maximum limit. The 2003 Incentive Program does
not have a specified term. New awards may be made until the available shares
are depleted, unless the Board terminates the plan early. At the end of 2017,
remaining shares available for award under the 2003 Incentive Program were 89   million.   

 Restricted
Stock and Restricted Stock Units.  Awards totaling 8,916 thousand, 9,583 thousand, and 9,681 thousand
of restricted (nonvested) common stock units were granted in 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Compensation expense for these awards is based on the price of
the stock at the date of grant and is recognized in income over the requisite
service period. Shares for these awards are issued to employees from treasury
stock. The units that are settled in cash are recorded as liabilities and their
changes in fair value are recognized over the vesting period. During the
applicable restricted periods, the shares and units may not be sold or
transferred and are subject to forfeiture. The majority of the awards have
graded vesting periods, with 50 percent of the shares and units in each award
vesting after three years and the remaining 50 percent vesting after seven
years. Awards granted to a small number of senior executives have vesting
periods of five years for 50 percent of the award and of 10 years or
retirement, whichever occurs later, for the remaining 50 percent of the award.  

 The
Corporation has purchased shares in the open market and through negotiated
transactions to offset shares or units settled in shares issued in conjunction
with benefit plans and programs. Purchases may be discontinued at any time
without prior notice. 

 The
following tables summarize information about restricted stock and restricted
stock units for the year ended December 31, 2017.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Weighted Average 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Grant-Date 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted
  stock and units outstanding 
   
  
   Shares 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value per Share 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   (thousands) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issued and
  outstanding at January 1 
   
  
   43,833 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   84.43 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 award
  issued in 2017 
   
  
   9,582 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   87.70 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Vested 
   
  
   (10,136) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80.71 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Forfeited 
   
  
   (2,201) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   80.11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Issued and
  outstanding at December 31 
   
  
   41,078 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   86.34 
   
  
     
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  restricted stock and units 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Grant price 
  (dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
   81.89 
   
  
     
   
  
   87.70 
   
  
     
   
  
   81.27 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value at date of
  grant: 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Restricted stock
  and units settled in stock 
   
  
     
   
  
   667 
   
  
     
   
  
   771 
   
  
     
   
  
   727 
   
  
 
   
   Units settled in
  cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
     
   
  
   60 
   
  
 
   
   Total value 
   
  
     
   
  
   730 
   
  
     
   
  
   840 
   
  
     
   
  
   787 
   
  
 



   

 As of December 31, 2017, there was $2,049
million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the nonvested restricted
awards. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 4.5 years. The compensation cost charged against income for the restricted
stock and restricted stock units was $856 million, $880 million and $855 million
for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The income tax benefit recognized in
income related to this compensation expense was $78 million, $80 million
and $78 million for the same periods, respectively. The fair value of shares
and units vested in 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $826 million, $851 million and $808
million, respectively. Cash payments of $64 million, $67 million and $64
million for vested restricted stock units settled in cash were made in 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 
 


 85   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 16. Litigation and Other Contingencies  

 Litigation.  A
variety of claims have been made against ExxonMobil and certain of its
consolidated subsidiaries in a number of pending lawsuits. Management has
regular litigation reviews, including updates from corporate and outside
counsel, to assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these
contingencies. The Corporation accrues an undiscounted liability for those
contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be
reasonably estimated. If a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no
amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the
minimum of the range is accrued. The Corporation does not record liabilities
when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the
amount cannot be reasonably estimated or when the liability is believed to be
only reasonably possible or remote. For contingencies where an unfavorable
outcome is reasonably possible and which are significant, the Corporation
discloses the nature of the contingency and, where feasible, an estimate of the
possible loss. For purposes of our contingency disclosures, “significant”
includes material matters, as well as other matters, which management believes
should be disclosed. ExxonMobil will continue to defend itself vigorously in
these matters. Based on a consideration of all relevant facts and
circumstances, the Corporation does not believe the ultimate outcome of any
currently pending lawsuit against ExxonMobil will have a material adverse
effect upon the Corporation’s operations, financial condition, or financial
statements taken as a whole. 

 Other Contingencies.  The Corporation and certain of its
consolidated subsidiaries were contingently liable at December 31, 2017,
for guarantees relating to notes, loans and performance under contracts. Where
guarantees for environmental remediation and other similar matters do not
include a stated cap, the amounts reflect management’s estimate of the maximum
potential exposure. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Company 
   
  
   Other Third-Party 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Obligations  (1)  
   
  
   Obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Guarantees 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt-related 
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   270 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   368 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,191 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,514 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,705 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,289 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,784 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,073 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   (1)
  ExxonMobil share. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 Additionally, the Corporation and its affiliates have numerous
long-term sales and purchase commitments in their various business activities,
all of which are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences material
to the Corporation’s operations or financial condition. 

 In accordance with a nationalization
decree issued by Venezuela’s president in February 2007, by May 1, 2007,
a subsidiary of the Venezuelan National Oil Company (PdVSA) assumed the
operatorship of the Cerro Negro Heavy Oil Project. This Project had been
operated and owned by ExxonMobil affiliates holding a 41.67 percent ownership
interest in the Project. The decree also required conversion of the Cerro Negro
Project into a “mixed enterprise” and an increase in PdVSA’s or one of its
affiliate’s ownership interest in the Project, with the stipulation that if ExxonMobil
refused to accept the terms for the formation of the mixed enterprise within a
specified period of time, the government would “directly assume the activities”
carried out by the joint venture. ExxonMobil refused to accede to the terms
proffered by the government, and on June 27, 2007, the government
expropriated ExxonMobil’s 41.67 percent interest in the Cerro Negro Project. 

 On September 6, 2007, affiliates
of ExxonMobil filed a Request for Arbitration with the International Centre for
Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID). The ICSID Tribunal issued a decision
on June 10, 2010, finding that it had jurisdiction to proceed on the
basis of the Netherlands-Venezuela Bilateral Investment Treaty. On October 9, 2014,
the ICSID Tribunal issued its final award finding in favor of the ExxonMobil
affiliates and awarding $1.6 billion as of the date of expropriation, June 27, 2007,
and interest from that date at 3.25 percent compounded annually until the date
of payment in full. The Tribunal also noted that one of the Cerro Negro Project
agreements provides a mechanism to prevent double recovery between the ICSID
award and all or part of an earlier award of $908 million to an ExxonMobil
affiliate, Mobil Cerro Negro, Ltd., against PdVSA and a PdVSA affiliate, PdVSA
CN, in an arbitration under the rules of the International Chamber of Commerce. 

 On
February 2, 2015, Venezuela filed a Request for Annulment of the
ICSID award. On March 9, 2017, the ICSID Committee hearing the
Request for Annulment issued a decision partially annulling the award of the
Tribunal issued on October 9, 2014. The Committee affirmed the
compensation due for the La Ceiba project and for export curtailments at the
Cerro Negro project, but annulled the portion of the award relating to the
Cerro Negro Project’s expropriation ($1.4 billion) based on its determination
that the prior Tribunal failed to adequately explain why the cap on damages in
the indemnity owed by PdVSA did not affect or limit the amount owed for the
expropriation of the Cerro Negro project. As a result, ExxonMobil retains an
award for $260 million (including accrued interest). ExxonMobil reached an
agreement with Venezuela for full payment of the $260 million and Venezuela has
begun performing on it. The agreement does not impact ExxonMobil’s ability to
re-arbitrate the issue that was the basis for the annulment in a new ICSID
arbitration proceeding.
 


 


 86   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The United States District Court for the
Southern District of New York entered judgment on the ICSID award on October 10, 2014.
Motions filed by Venezuela to vacate that judgment on procedural grounds and to
modify the judgment by reducing the rate of interest to be paid on the ICSID
award from the entry of the court’s judgment, until the date of payment, were
denied on February 13, 2015, and March 4, 2015,
respectively. On March 9, 2015, Venezuela filed a notice of appeal of
the court’s actions on the two motions. On July 11, 2017, the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit rendered its opinion overturning
the District Court’s decision and vacating the judgment on the grounds that a
different procedure should have been used to reduce the award to judgment. The
Corporation is evaluating next steps. 

 A
stay of the District Court’s judgment has continued pending the completion of
the Second Circuit appeal. The net impact of these matters on the Corporation’s
consolidated financial results cannot be reasonably estimated. Regardless, the
Corporation does not expect the resolution to have a material effect upon the
Corporation’s operations or financial condition. 

 An affiliate of ExxonMobil is one of the Contractors under
a Production Sharing Contract (PSC) with the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation (NNPC) covering the Erha block located in the offshore waters of
Nigeria. ExxonMobil's affiliate is the operator of the block and owns a 56.25
percent interest under the PSC. The Contractors are in dispute with NNPC
regarding NNPC's lifting of crude oil in excess of its entitlement under the
terms of the PSC. In accordance with the terms of the PSC, the Contractors
initiated arbitration in Abuja, Nigeria, under the Nigerian Arbitration and
Conciliation Act. On October 24, 2011, a three-member arbitral
Tribunal issued an award upholding the Contractors' position in all material
respects and awarding damages to the Contractors jointly in an amount of
approximately $1.8 billion plus $234 million in accrued interest. The
Contractors petitioned a Nigerian federal court for enforcement of the award,
and NNPC petitioned the same court to have the award set aside. On May 22, 2012,
the court set aside the award. The Contractors appealed that judgment to the
Court of Appeal, Abuja Judicial Division. On July 22, 2016, the Court
of Appeal upheld the decision of the lower court setting aside the award. On
October 21, 2016, the Contractors appealed the decision to the
Supreme Court of Nigeria. In June 2013, the Contractors filed a lawsuit against
NNPC in the Nigerian federal high court in order to preserve their ability to
seek enforcement of the PSC in the courts if necessary. Following dismissal by
this court, the Contractors appealed to the Nigerian Court of Appeal in June
2016. In October 2014, the Contractors filed suit in the United States District
Court for the Southern District of New York to enforce, if necessary, the
arbitration award against NNPC assets residing within that jurisdiction. NNPC
has moved to dismiss the lawsuit. The stay in the proceedings in the Southern
District of New York has been lifted. At this time, the net impact of this
matter on the Corporation's consolidated financial results cannot be reasonably
estimated. However, regardless of the outcome of enforcement proceedings, the
Corporation does not expect the proceedings to have a material effect upon the
Corporation's operations or financial condition. 

 
 


 87   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 17. Pension and Other Postretirement
Benefits  

 The
benefit obligations and plan assets associated with the Corporation’s principal
benefit plans are measured on December 31.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted-average
  assumptions used to determine 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   benefit obligations
  at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Discount rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   2.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of compensation increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefit
  obligation at January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,583 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,800 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,282 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   810 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   585 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   798 
   
  
     
   
  
   793 
   
  
     
   
  
   772 
   
  
     
   
  
   844 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Actuarial loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   733 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   250 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,409 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   (560) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefits paid  (1) (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,964) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,476) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,291) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,228) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (543) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (537) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,520) 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amendments,
  divestments and other 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (44) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (11) 
   
  
     
   
  
   126 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
 
   
   Benefit
  obligation at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,960 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,100 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,800 
   
  
 
   
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation at December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,245 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,867 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 



   

 (1)     Benefit
payments for funded and unfunded plans. 

 (2)     For 2017 and 2016, other postretirement benefits paid are
net of $16 million and $22 million of Medicare subsidy receipts, respectively. 

   

 For selection of the discount rate for
U.S. plans, several sources of information are considered, including interest
rate market indicators and the effective discount rate determined by use of a
yield curve based on high-quality, noncallable bonds applied to the estimated
cash outflows for benefit payments. For major non-U.S. plans, the discount rate
is determined by using a spot yield curve of high-quality,
local-currency-denominated bonds at an average maturity approximating that of
the liabilities.  

 The measurement of the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation assumes a health care cost trend rate of 4.5
percent in 2019 and subsequent years. A one-percentage-point increase in the health
care cost trend rate would increase service and interest cost by $72 million
and the postretirement benefit obligation by $696 million. A
one-percentage-point decrease in the health care cost trend rate would decrease
service and interest cost by $53 million and the postretirement benefit
obligation by $536 million. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Change in plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fair value at
  January 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Actual return on
  plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,831 
   
  
     
   
  
   949 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,442 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   20 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,776 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,452) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Company
  contribution 
   
  
     
   
  
   619 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,068 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Benefits paid 
   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,461) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,209) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (902) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (857) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (58) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Fair value at
  December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,793 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,461 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Benefit payments for funded plans.  


 


 88   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
    

 The funding levels of all qualified
pension plans are in compliance with standards set by applicable law or
regulation. As shown in the table below, certain smaller U.S. pension plans and
a number of non-U.S. pension plans are not funded because local applicable tax rules
and regulatory practices do not encourage funding of these plans. All
defined benefit pension obligations, regardless of the funding status
of the underlying plans, are fully supported by the financial strength
of the Corporation or the respective sponsoring affiliate.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets in excess
  of/(less than) benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance at
  December 31 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Funded plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,957) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,306) 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   212 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Unfunded plans 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,861) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,915) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,365) 
   
  
 
   
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,528) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,167) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,502) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,153) 
   
  
 



   

 The authoritative guidance for defined
benefit pension and other postretirement plans requires an employer to
recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit
postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position
and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes
occur through other comprehensive income.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Assets in excess
  of/(less than) benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Balance at
  December 31  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,528) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,167) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,502) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,153) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,389) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recorded
  in the consolidated balance 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   sheet consist
  of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,403 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   (276) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (409) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (338) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (294) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (360) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (361) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Postretirement
  benefits reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,252) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,758) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,567) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,894) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,313) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,028) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,528) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,167) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,502) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,153) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,389) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Amounts recorded
  in accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income consist of: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,982 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,586 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,629 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,595 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,468 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   15 
   
  
     
   
  
   (143) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (123) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (397) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (430) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in accumulated other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   comprehensive
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,993 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,506 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,198 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,038 
   
  
 



   

 (1)     Fair value of assets less benefit obligation shown on the
preceding page. 


 


 89   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
    

 The long-term expected rate of return on funded assets shown below
is established for each benefit plan by developing a forward‑looking,
long-term return assumption for each asset class, taking into account
factors such as the expected real return for the specific asset class and
inflation. A single, long-term rate of return is then calculated as the
weighted average of the target asset allocation percentages and the long-term
return assumption for each asset class. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
 
   
   Weighted-average
  assumptions used to 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   determine net
  periodic benefit cost for 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   years ended
  December 31 
   
  
   (percent) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Discount rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.60 
   
  
     
   
  
   3.10 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of return on funded assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.20 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.25 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.90 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.50 
   
  
     
   
  
   7.00 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term rate
  of compensation increase 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.00 
   
  
     
   
  
   4.80 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.30 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
     
   
  
   5.75 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Components of
  net periodic benefit cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
     
   
  
   810 
   
  
     
   
  
   864 
   
  
     
   
  
   596 
   
  
     
   
  
   585 
   
  
     
   
  
   689 
   
  
     
   
  
   129 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Interest cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   798 
   
  
     
   
  
   793 
   
  
     
   
  
   785 
   
  
     
   
  
   772 
   
  
     
   
  
   844 
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   317 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   346 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Expected return
  on plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (775) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (726) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (830) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,000) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (927) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,094) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  actuarial loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   438 
   
  
     
   
  
   492 
   
  
     
   
  
   544 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   536 
   
  
     
   
  
   730 
   
  
     
   
  
   96 
   
  
     
   
  
   153 
   
  
     
   
  
   206 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  prior service cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   (33) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (30) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net pension
  enhancement and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
      
  curtailment/settlement cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   609 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   499 
   
  
     
   
  
   19 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   22 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Net periodic benefit
  cost 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,694 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,868 
   
  
     
   
  
   910 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,284 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   595 
   
  
     
   
  
   670 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  amounts recorded in accumulated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   other
  comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   592 
   
  
     
   
  
   (191) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (156) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,375) 
   
  
     
   
  
   215 
   
  
     
   
  
   (555) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (589) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  actuarial (loss)/gain 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,047) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (811) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,043) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (495) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (538) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (752) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (96) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (153) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (206) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost/(credit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   (401) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (535) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Amortization of
  prior service (cost)/credit 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (47) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign exchange
  rate changes 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
   (108) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,126) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   (31) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in other comprehensive income 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,376) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (790) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (457) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (824) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,741) 
   
  
     
   
  
   160 
   
  
     
   
  
   (673) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,337) 
   
  
 
   
   Total recorded
  in net periodic benefit cost and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
       other
  comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   483 
   
  
     
   
  
   904 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,411 
   
  
     
   
  
   847 
   
  
     
   
  
   270 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,457) 
   
  
     
   
  
   645 
   
  
     
   
  
   (78) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (667) 
   
  
 



   

 Costs for defined contribution plans were $384
million, $399 million and $405 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

 
 


 90   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A summary of
the change in accumulated other comprehensive income is shown in the table
below:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total Pension and 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,376 
   
  
     
   
  
   790 
   
  
     
   
  
   457 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. pension 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   63 
   
  
     
   
  
   824 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,741 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other
  postretirement benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (160) 
   
  
     
   
  
   673 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337 
   
  
 
   
   Total
  (charge)/credit to other comprehensive income, before tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,535 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to income tax (see Note 4) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (290) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (692) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,810) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to investment in equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
     
   
  
   81 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income including noncontrolling 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   interests, after
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   946 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,579 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,806 
   
  
 
   
   Charge/(credit)
  to equity of noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   24 
   
  
     
   
  
   (202) 
   
  
 
   
   (Charge)/credit
  to other comprehensive income attributable to ExxonMobil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   958 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,603 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604 
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation’s investment strategy for
benefit plan assets reflects a long-term view, a careful assessment of the
risks inherent in plan assets and liabilities and broad diversification to
reduce the risk of the portfolio. The benefit plan assets are primarily
invested in passive global equity and local currency fixed income index
funds to diversify risk while minimizing costs. The equity funds hold
ExxonMobil stock only to the extent necessary to replicate the relevant equity
index. The fixed income funds are largely invested in investment grade
corporate and government debt securities.  

 Studies
are periodically conducted to establish the preferred target asset allocation
percentages. The target asset allocation for the U.S. benefit plans and the major
non-U.S. plans is 30 percent equity securities and 70 percent debt securities.
The equity targets for the U.S. and certain non-U.S. plans include a small
allocation to private equity partnerships that primarily focus on early-stage
venture capital of 5 percent and 3 percent, respectively.  

 The
fair value measurement levels are accounting terms that refer to different
methods of valuing assets. The terms do not represent the relative risk or
credit quality of an investment.  

 
 


 91   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The 2017 fair value of the benefit plan assets, including the
level within the fair value hierarchy, is shown in the tables below: 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Pension 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2017, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2017, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
       Value  (1)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
       Value  (1)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,665 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,967 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,967 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,570 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,014 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
     
   
  
   522 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,260 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,261 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   131 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,346 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,604 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   237 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   32 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,325 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
    (5)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   102 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8,864 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,909 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,773 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   199 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,837 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,438 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Insurance
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at contract
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Total plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21,461 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Per ASU 2015-07, certain instruments that are measured at
fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share practical expedient have
not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total value of plan assets.  

 (2)   For non-U.S. equity securities held
in separate accounts, fair value is based on observable quoted prices on active
exchanges.  

 (3)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions. 

 (4)   For government debt securities that
are traded on active exchanges, fair value is based on observable quoted
prices.  

 (5)   For cash balances that are subject
to withdrawal penalties or other adjustments, the fair value is treated as a
Level 2 input.  

    


 


 92   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2017, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
          Value  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   55 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   99 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   297 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   427 
   
  
 



   

 (1)  Per ASU 2015-07, certain instruments that are measured at
fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share practical expedient have
not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total value of plan assets. 

 (2)  For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.  

 
 


 93   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The 2016 fair value of the benefit plan
assets, including the level within the fair value hierarchy, is shown in the
tables below:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. Pension 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. Pension 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2016, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2016, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
       Value  (1)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
       Value  (1)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,347 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,347 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,343 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,343 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   142 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   2 
   
  
    (3)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,632 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,776 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   553 
   
  
     
   
  
   553 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,978 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,979 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   123 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,198 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,635 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
    (5)  
   
  
   32 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,753 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,952 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
    (4)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   72 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
    (6)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,616 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,166 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   332 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,020 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Insurance
  contracts 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at contract
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   23 
   
  
 
   
   Total plan
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,793 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,043 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Per ASU 2015-07, certain instruments that are measured at
fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share practical expedient have
not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total value of plan assets.    

 (2)   For non-U.S. equity securities held
in separate accounts, fair value is based on observable quoted prices on active
exchanges.    

 (3)   For U.S. and non-U.S. equity
securities held in the form of fund units that are redeemable at the
measurement date, the published unit value is treated as a Level 2 input. The
fair value of the securities owned by the funds is based on observable quoted
prices on active exchanges, which are Level 1 inputs.    

 (4)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.    

 (5)   For government debt securities that
are traded on active exchanges, fair value is based on observable quoted
prices.    

 (6)   For cash balances that are subject
to withdrawal penalties or other adjustments, the fair value is treated as a
Level 2 input.    

     


 


 94   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Fair Value Measurement 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   at December 31, 2016, Using: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Net 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 1 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 2 
   
  
     
   
  
   Level 3 
   
  
     
   
  
          Value   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset category: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Private equity 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Debt securities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Government 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asset-backed 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
    (2)  
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Cash 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Total at fair
  value 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   242 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Per ASU 2015-07, certain instruments that are measured at
fair value using the Net Asset Value (NAV) per share practical expedient have
not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts
presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total value of plan assets.  

 (2)   For corporate, government and
asset-backed debt securities, fair value is based on observable inputs of
comparable market transactions.  

 
 


 95   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 A summary of pension plans with an
accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets is shown in the table
below:  

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   For  funded  
  pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   in excess of
  plan assets: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Projected
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,099 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,384 
   
  
     
   
  
   837 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,390 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,264 
   
  
     
   
  
   612 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Fair value of
  plan assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,793 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,219 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   For  unfunded  
  pension plans: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Projected
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,571 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,861 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,365 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  benefit obligation 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,855 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,208 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,687 
   
  
 



 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Postretirement 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Estimated 2018
  amortization from accumulated other comprehensive income: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net actuarial
  loss/(gain)  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   412 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   112 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Prior service
  cost  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40) 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   The Corporation amortizes the net balance of actuarial
losses/(gains) as a component of net periodic benefit cost over the average
remaining service period of active plan participants.  

 (2)   The Corporation amortizes prior
service cost on a straight-line basis as permitted under authoritative guidance
for defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Pension Benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Medicare 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Gross 
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidy Receipt 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Contributions
  expected in 2018 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
   720 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Benefit payments
  expected in: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2018  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,183 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2019  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   465 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2020  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,267 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2021  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,268 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   470 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2022  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   468 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   2023 - 2027 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,329 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 18. Disclosures about Segments and Related
Information  

 The
Upstream, Downstream and Chemical functions best define the operating segments
of the business that are reported separately. The factors used to identify
these reportable segments are based on the nature of the operations that are
undertaken by each segment. The Upstream segment is organized and operates to
explore for and produce crude oil and natural gas. The Downstream segment is
organized and operates to manufacture and sell petroleum products. The Chemical
segment is organized and operates to manufacture and sell petrochemicals. These
segments are broadly understood across the petroleum and petrochemical
industries.  

 These
functions have been defined as the operating segments of the Corporation
because they are the segments (1) that engage in business activities from
which revenues are earned and expenses are incurred; (2) whose operating
results are regularly reviewed by the Corporation’s chief operating decision
maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to
assess its performance; and (3) for which discrete financial information
is available.  

 Earnings
after income tax include transfers at estimated market prices.
 


 


 96   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 In corporate and financing activities,
interest revenue relates to interest earned on cash deposits and
marketable securities. Interest expense includes non-debt-related
interest expense of $136 million in 2017, $63 million in 2016 and $100 million
in 2015. 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Upstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   Downstream 
   
  
     
   
  
   Chemical 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   and 
   
  
   Corporate 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   Financing 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,733 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,649 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,328 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,760) 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,710 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   216 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,618 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   118 
   
  
     
   
  
   490 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,217 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (369) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,380 
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,508 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   61,695 
   
  
     
   
  
   122,881 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,659 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,729 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,935 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   14,857 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,263 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,270 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,550 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   208 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,963 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,741 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   658 
   
  
     
   
  
   883 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   299 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   845 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,893 
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   478 
   
  
     
   
  
   601 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,552) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,463 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (61) 
   
  
     
   
  
   934 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   664 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of U.S.
  tax reform - noncash 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,602) 
   
  
     
   
  
   480 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (618) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (335) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,133 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,942) 
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,761 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,617 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   769 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,551 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,019 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   854 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,901 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,680 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,494 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   276 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,462 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   341 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,387 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (286) 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,354 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   89,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   155,822 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,172 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,294 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,133 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   348,691 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,151) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,347 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,107 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,739 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,172) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,840 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,359 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   404 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,188 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (367) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,806 
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   7,552 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,278 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   52,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   102,756 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,944 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,447 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,099 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,775 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,211 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   236 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,550 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   889 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   275 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   863 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,308 
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   29 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   398 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,600) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,818 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   396 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   693 
   
  
     
   
  
   609 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,273) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,144 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,878 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   791 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,525 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   482 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   817 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,100 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,917 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,364 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,255 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,247 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (242) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,810 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   86,146 
   
  
     
   
  
   153,183 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,201 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,208 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,600 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,453 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   15,523 
   
  
     
   
  
   330,314 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Earnings after
  income tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,079) 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,180 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,901 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,656 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,386 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,032 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,926) 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,150 
   
  
 
   
   Earnings of
  equity companies included above 
   
  
     
   
  
   226 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,831 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   444 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   144 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,235 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,644 
   
  
 
   
   Sales and other
  operating revenue   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   8,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,446 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   69,706 
   
  
     
   
  
   119,050 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,879 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,524 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   239,854 
   
  
 
   
   Intersegment
  revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,344 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,839 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,166 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,442 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,168 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   274 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Depreciation and
  depletion expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,301 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,227 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   664 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,003 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   375 
   
  
     
   
  
   654 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   824 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,048 
   
  
 
   
   Interest revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
 
   
   Interest expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   26 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   245 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense (benefit) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (879) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   866 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,325 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   646 
   
  
     
   
  
   633 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,879) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415 
   
  
 
   
   Additions to
  property, plant and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,915 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,561 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   916 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,477 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,865 
   
  
     
   
  
   629 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,112 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,475 
   
  
 
   
   Investments in
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,160 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,980 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   95 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,179 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   125 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,025 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (227) 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,337 
   
  
 
   
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   93,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   155,316 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,808 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,236 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   13,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   336,758 
   
  
 



   

 (1)  Sales
and other operating revenue excludes previously reported sales-based taxes of
$17,980 million for 2016 and $19,634 million for 2015. See Note 2: Accounting
Changes.  

    


 


 97   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 

 
  
   
   Geographic
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Sales and
  other operating revenue 
   (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,079 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   88,826 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   155,083 
   
  
     
   
  
   130,502 
   
  
     
   
  
   151,028 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   237,162 
   
  
     
   
  
   200,628 
   
  
     
   
  
   239,854 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Significant
  non-U.S. revenue sources include:  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,682 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,076 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,605 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,834 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,481 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,589 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,919 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,632 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Italy 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,715 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,220 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   France 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,631 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Germany 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,899 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,447 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Sales and other operating revenue excludes
previously reported sales-based taxes of $17,980 million for 2016 and $19,634
million for 2015. See Note 2: Accounting Changes. 

   

 
  
   
   Long-lived
  assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   105,101 
   
  
     
   
  
   101,194 
   
  
     
   
  
   107,039 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   147,529 
   
  
     
   
  
   143,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,566 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   252,630 
   
  
     
   
  
   244,224 
   
  
     
   
  
   251,605 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Significant
  non-U.S. long-lived assets include: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,138 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,144 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,775 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,894 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Singapore 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,769 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,681 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Kazakhstan 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,325 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,705 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nigeria 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,222 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Papua New Guinea 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,719 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,985 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Angola 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,413 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,777 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Russia 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,828 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,744 
   
  
 



 
 


 98   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 19. Income and Other Taxes  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   U.S. 
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Federal and
  non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Current 
   
  
     
   
  
   577 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,633 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,056 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,842 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,126 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Deferred - net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,075) 
   
  
     
   
  
   754 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,321) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,801) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,422) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,223) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,166) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (571) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,737) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   U.S. tax on
  non-U.S. operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   38 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total federal
  and non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,481) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,094) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,974) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   (340) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,128) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,555 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,427 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   State 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (80) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (66) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,561) 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,040) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,634 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,555 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415 
   
  
 
   
   All other taxes
  and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other taxes and
  duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,104 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,020 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,103 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,309 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Included in
  production and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   manufacturing
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   747 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,854 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   808 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,860 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,157 
   
  
     
   
  
   828 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,985 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Included in
  SG&A expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
     
   
  
   354 
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   362 
   
  
     
   
  
   495 
   
  
     
   
  
   150 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
   540 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total other
  taxes and duties 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,584 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,459 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,394 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,981 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,375 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,321 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,834 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,977) 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,615 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,249 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Sales-based taxes were previously reported gross on the income
statement and included in total taxes in the above table. See Note 2:
Accounting Changes.  

   

 The above provisions for deferred income
taxes include a net credit of $5,920 million in 2017, reflecting a $5,942
million credit related to U.S. tax reform and $22 million of other changes in
tax laws and rates outside of the United States. Deferred income tax expense
also includes net charges of $180 million in 2016 and $177 million in 2015 for
the effect of changes in tax laws and rates.  

 Following the December 22, 2017, enactment
of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, in accordance with Accounting Standard
Codification Topic 740  (Income Taxes)  and following guidance outlined in
the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 118, the Corporation has included
reasonable estimates of the income tax effects of the changes in tax law and
tax rate. These include amounts for the remeasurement of the deferred income
tax balance from the reduction in the corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent
and the mandatory deemed repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings and
profits. The Corporation has paid taxes on earnings outside the United States
at tax rates on average above the historical U.S. rate of 35 percent. As a
result, the deemed repatriation tax does not create a significant tax impact
for ExxonMobil. The impact of tax law changes on the Corporation’s financial
statements could differ from its estimates due to further analysis of the new
law, regulatory guidance, technical corrections legislation, or guidance under
U.S. GAAP. If significant changes occur, the Corporation will provide updated
information in connection with future regulatory filings. 

    

 
 


 99   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 The reconciliation between income tax
expense and a theoretical U.S. tax computed by applying a rate of 35
percent for 2017, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Income before
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
     
   
  
   (754) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,832) 
   
  
     
   
  
   147 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,801 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,819 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,674 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,966 
   
  
 
   
   Theoretical tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,536 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,789 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,688 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of equity
  method of accounting 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,883) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,682) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,675) 
   
  
 
   
   Non-U.S. taxes
  in excess of/(less than) theoretical U.S. tax  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   1,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   (582) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,415 
   
  
 
   
   Effect of U.S.
  tax reform 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,942) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
   Other  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,733) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (931) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,013) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income tax
  expense 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effective tax
  rate calculation 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (406) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,415 
   
  
 
   
   ExxonMobil share
  of equity company income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,228 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,011 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income
  taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,426 
   
  
 
   
   Net income
  including noncontrolling interests 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,375 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,551 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total income
  before taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,902 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,661 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,977 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Effective income
  tax rate 
   
  
     
   
  
   5% 
   
  
     
   
  
   13% 
   
  
     
   
  
   34% 
   
  
 



   

 (1)  2016 includes a $227 million expense from an adjustment to
deferred taxes and a $548 million benefit from an adjustment to a tax position
in prior years. 

 (2)  2017 includes an exploration tax
benefit of $708 million. 2016 includes an exploration tax benefit of $198
million and benefits from an adjustment to a prior year tax position of $176
million.    

    


 


 100   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
  

  Deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences
between the amount of assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting
purposes and such amounts recognized for tax purposes. Balances at December 31,
2017, reflect the deferred income tax effects from the enactment of the U.S.
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017.  The Corporation has elected to account for the tax on global
intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) as a tax expense in the period in which it
is incurred. 

 Deferred tax liabilities/(assets) are
comprised of the following at December 31:  

   

 
  
   
   Tax effects
  of temporary differences for: 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Property, plant
  and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,744 
   
  
 
   
   Other liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,262 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total deferred
  tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,184 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,006 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Pension and
  other postretirement benefits 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,338) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,053) 
   
  
 
   
   Asset retirement
  obligations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,237) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,454) 
   
  
 
   
   Tax loss
  carryforwards 
   
  
     
   
  
   (6,767) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,472) 
   
  
 
   
   Other assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,832) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,615) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total deferred
  tax assets 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21,174) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,594) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Asset valuation
  allowances 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,565 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net deferred tax
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,575 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,921 
   
  
 



   

 In 2017, asset valuation allowances of
$2,565 million increased by $1,056 million and included net provisions of $502
million, $402 million recorded in the acquisition of InterOil Corporation, and
effects of foreign currency translation of $152 million.    

   

 
  
   
   Balance
  sheet classification 
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Other assets,
  including intangibles, net 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,318) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,120) 
   
  
 
   
   Deferred
  income tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,893 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,041 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net deferred
  tax liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,575 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,921 
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation’s earnings from subsidiary
companies outside the United States were subject to the deemed repatriation
required by the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Those amounts continue to
be indefinitely reinvested and are retained to fund prior and future capital
project expenditures. Deferred income taxes have not been recorded for certain additional
future tax obligations, such as foreign withholding tax and state tax, as these
earnings are expected to be indefinitely reinvested for the foreseeable future.
As of December 31, 2017, it is not practicable to estimate the unrecognized
deferred income tax liability. 

    


 


 101   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
    

 Unrecognized Tax Benefits.  The Corporation is subject to income taxation in many
jurisdictions around the world. Unrecognized tax benefits reflect the
difference between positions taken or expected to be taken on income tax
returns and the amounts recognized in the financial statements. The following
table summarizes the movement in unrecognized tax benefits:  

   

 
  
   
   Gross
  unrecognized tax benefits 
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Balance at
  January 1 
   
  
   9,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,986 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions based
  on current year's tax positions 
   
  
   522 
   
  
     
   
  
   655 
   
  
     
   
  
   903 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Additions for
  prior years' tax positions 
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   534 
   
  
     
   
  
   496 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions for
  prior years' tax positions 
   
  
   (865) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,019) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Reductions due
  to lapse of the statute of limitations 
   
  
   (113) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Settlements
  with tax authorities 
   
  
   (782) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (725) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Foreign
  exchange effects/other 
   
  
   30 
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
 
   
   Balance at December
  31 
   
  
   8,783 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,468 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,396 
   
  
 



   

 The gross unrecognized tax benefit
balances shown above are predominantly related to tax positions that would
reduce the Corporation’s effective tax rate if the positions are favorably
resolved. Unfavorable resolution of these tax positions generally would not
increase the effective tax rate. The 2017, 2016 and 2015 changes in
unrecognized tax benefits did not have a material effect on the Corporation’s
net income.  

 Resolution
of these tax positions through negotiations with the relevant tax authorities
or through litigation will take many years to complete. It is difficult to
predict the timing of resolution for tax positions since such timing is not
entirely within the control of the Corporation. In the United States, the
Corporation has various ongoing U.S. federal income tax positions at issue with
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for tax years beginning in 2006. The IRS has
asserted penalties associated with several of those positions. The Corporation
has not recognized the penalties as an expense because the Corporation does not
expect the penalties to be sustained under applicable law. The Corporation has
filed a refund suit for tax years 2006-2009 in a U.S. federal district court
with respect to the positions at issue for those years. Unfavorable resolution
of all positions at issue with the IRS would not have a materially adverse
effect on the Corporation’s net income or liquidity. 

 It
is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits could
increase or decrease by 10 percent in the next 12 months with no material
impact on the Corporation's net income. 

 The following table summarizes the tax years that remain
subject to examination by major tax jurisdiction:  

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
   Country of
  Operation 
   
  
   Open Tax Years 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Abu Dhabi 
   
  
   2014 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Angola 
   
  
   2016 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Australia 
   
  
   2008 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Belgium 
   
  
   2015 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   1998 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equatorial
  Guinea 
   
  
   2007 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Indonesia 
   
  
   2007 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Iraq 
   
  
   2012 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Malaysia 
   
  
   2009 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Nigeria 
   
  
   2006 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Norway 
   
  
   2007 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Papua New
  Guinea 
   
  
   2008 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Russia 
   
  
   2015 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United Kingdom 
   
  
   2015 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2006 - 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 The Corporation classifies interest on
income tax-related balances as interest expense or interest income and
classifies tax-related penalties as operating expense.  

 The Corporation
incurred $36 million, $4 million and $39 million in interest expense on income
tax reserves in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The related interest payable
balances were $168 million and $191 million at December 31, 2017, and 2016,
respectively. 

    

 
 


 102   


 
 

 


 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 

   


 
 20. Acquisitions
 

 InterOil Corporation 

 On February 22, 2017, the Corporation
completed the acquisition of InterOil Corporation (IOC) for $2.7 billion. The
IOC acquisition was mostly unproved properties in Papua New Guinea.
Consideration included 28 million shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation common
stock having a value on the acquisition date of $2.2 billion, a Contingent
Resource Payment (CRP) with a fair value of $0.3 billion and cash of $0.2
billion. The CRP provided IOC shareholders $7.07 per share in cash for each
incremental independently certified Trillion Cubic Feet Equivalent (TCFE) of
resources above 6.2 TCFE, up to 11.0 TCFE. IOC’s assets include a contingent
receivable related to the same resource base for volumes in excess of 3.5 TCFE
at amounts ranging from $0.24 - $0.40 per thousand cubic feet equivalent. The
fair value of the contingent receivable was $1.1 billion at the acquisition
date. Fair values of contingent amounts were based on assumptions about the
outcome of the resource certification, future business plans and appropriate
discount rates.  

 On September 6, 2017, the resource
certification was finalized triggering both payment of the CRP to former IOC
shareholders and receipt of the current portion of the contingent receivable.
The earnings impact from settlement of the CRP and the related contingent
receivable was not material.  

   

 Permian Basin Properties 

 On February 28, 2017, the Corporation
completed the acquisition for $6.2 billion of a number of companies from the
Bass family in Fort Worth, Texas, that indirectly own mostly unproved oil and
gas properties in the Permian Basin. Consideration included 68 million shares
of Exxon Mobil Corporation common stock having a value on the acquisition date
of $5.5 billion, together with additional contingent cash payments tied to
future drilling and completion activities (up to a maximum of $1.02 billion). Fair
value of the contingent payment was $0.7 billion as of the acquisition date and
is expected to be paid beginning in 2020 and ending no later than 2032
commensurate with development of the resource. Fair value of the contingent
payment was based on assumptions including drilling and completion activities,
appropriate discount rates and tax rates. 

 The fair value of the contingent payment
is adjusted each quarter. The earnings impact from these adjustments was not
material. 

 Below is a summary of the net assets
acquired for each acquisition. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   IOC 
   
  
     
   
  
   Permian 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property, plant
  and equipment 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Other  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4.1 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.3 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Current
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Long-term
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   0.9 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Total
  liabilities 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1.4 
   
  
     
   
  
   0.1 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net assets
  acquired 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2.7 
   
  
     
   
  
   6.2 
   
  
 











 


 103   


 
 

 


 SUPPLEMENTAL    INFORMATION 
  ON    OIL    AND    GAS    EXPLORATION 
  AND    PRODUCTION 
  ACTIVITIES    (unaudited)   

      


 
     

 The
results of operations for producing activities shown below do not include
earnings from other activities that ExxonMobil includes in the Upstream
function, such as oil and gas transportation operations, LNG liquefaction and
transportation operations, coal and power operations, technical service
agreements, other nonoperating activities and adjustments for noncontrolling
interests. These excluded amounts for both consolidated and equity companies
totaled $1,402 million in 2017, $719 million in 2016, and $831 million in 2015.
Oil sands mining operations are included in the results of operations in
accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission and Financial Accounting
Standards Board rules. 

   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Results of
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2017 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,223 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,911 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   993 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,239 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,244 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,262 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,852 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,462 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,631 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,771 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,035 
   
  
     
   
  
   689 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,440 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,274 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,933 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,702 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,730 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,064 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,618 
   
  
     
   
  
   626 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,447 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   162 
   
  
     
   
  
   647 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,790 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,005 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,055 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,782 
   
  
     
   
  
   913 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,401 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   684 
   
  
     
   
  
   97 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   559 
   
  
     
   
  
   811 
   
  
     
   
  
   311 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,608 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (8,066) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (180) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,717 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,911 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   316 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,154) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,876 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   695 
   
  
     
   
  
   962 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,421 
   
  
     
   
  
   685 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,610 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2017 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   585 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,636 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,926 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,147 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   443 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   638 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,091 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,028 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,238 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   523 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   336 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,277 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   878 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   892 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   320 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   166 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   477 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   963 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   33 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   679 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,997 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,709 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   130 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,054 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   240 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,952 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,343 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,029) 
   
  
     
   
  
   935 
   
  
     
   
  
   962 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   685 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,953 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 











 


 104   


 
 

 


      


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Results of
  Operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,921 
   
  
     
   
  
   705 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,826 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,273 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,660 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,323 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,652 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,568 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,498 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,638 
   
  
     
   
  
   578 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,257 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,747 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,163 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,489 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,203 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,464 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,851 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,917 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,590 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,216 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,331 
   
  
     
   
  
   531 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,113 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   220 
   
  
     
   
  
   572 
   
  
     
   
  
   94 
   
  
     
   
  
   292 
   
  
     
   
  
   205 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,467 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,334 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,573 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   532 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,331 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   762 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
   209 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,387 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2,543) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (688) 
   
  
     
   
  
   546 
   
  
     
   
  
   (149) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,767 
   
  
     
   
  
   167 
   
  
     
   
  
   (900) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,345) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   927 
   
  
     
   
  
   328 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,481) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2016 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   506 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,677 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,208 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,391 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   344 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   418 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   771 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   850 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,686 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,162 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   527 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   504 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,560 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   437 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   881 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   661 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,456 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,148 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   86 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,558 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   231 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,736 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,958 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,354) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,138) 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,663 
   
  
     
   
  
   328 
   
  
     
   
  
   (523) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,830 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,933 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,275 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,853 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,858 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,024 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,135 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,490 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,672 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,387 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,957 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,141 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,525 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,252 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,232 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,993 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,562 
   
  
     
   
  
   527 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,256 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   319 
   
  
     
   
  
   254 
   
  
     
   
  
   108 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,523 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,315 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,874 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,569 
   
  
     
   
  
   392 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,845 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   630 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
     
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   734 
   
  
     
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,552 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   (976) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (79) 
   
  
     
   
  
   807 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,117 
   
  
     
   
  
   238 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,663 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,755) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   890 
   
  
     
   
  
   934 
   
  
     
   
  
   933 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
   686 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   2015 - Revenue 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Sales to third
  parties 
   
  
     
   
  
   608 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,723 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,505 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Transfers 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   379 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   869 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,067 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,553 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,374 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production costs
  excluding taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   554 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   565 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   422 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,541 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Exploration
  expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   51 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Depreciation and
  depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   271 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   146 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   457 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   874 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Taxes other than
  income 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,502 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Related income
  tax 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   263 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,822 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Results of
  producing activities for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   183 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   501 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,900 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,584 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total results of
  operations 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,572) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (896) 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,391 
   
  
     
   
  
   934 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   580 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,270 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 105   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and Gas Exploration and Production
Costs  

 The amounts shown for net capitalized
costs of consolidated subsidiaries are $15,292 million less at year-end 2017
and $15,239 million less at year-end 2016 than the amounts reported as
investments in property, plant and equipment for the Upstream in Note 9.
This is due to the exclusion from capitalized costs of certain
transportation and research assets and assets relating to LNG operations.
Assets related to oil sands and oil shale mining operations are included
in the capitalized costs in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board rules. 

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Capitalized
  Costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,380 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   139 
   
  
     
   
  
   982 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,624 
   
  
     
   
  
   778 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,463 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,051 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,238 
   
  
     
   
  
   62 
   
  
     
   
  
   196 
   
  
     
   
  
   179 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,701 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,427 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   44,431 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   201 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,178 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,803 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,479 
   
  
     
   
  
   59,890 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   94,253 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,908 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,808 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,564 
   
  
     
   
  
   278,621 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,484 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,294 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,440 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,906 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  capitalized costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   140,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,233 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,282 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,609 
   
  
     
   
  
   46,110 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   354,417 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   61,041 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,040 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,354 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,279 
   
  
     
   
  
   169,418 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,659 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,453 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,242 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,685 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,756 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,204 
   
  
     
   
  
   184,999 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   78 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   391 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,181 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,572 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,410 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,824 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,912 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   98 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   45 
   
  
     
   
  
   516 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,611 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,270 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  capitalized costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,494 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,754 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,722 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,625 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,866 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,975 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,888 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,339 
   
  
     
   
  
   134 
   
  
     
   
  
   929 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,739 
   
  
     
   
  
   736 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,952 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,747 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,030 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
     
   
  
   291 
   
  
     
   
  
   269 
   
  
     
   
  
   115 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,477 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   38,822 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,369 
   
  
     
   
  
   159 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,220 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,008 
   
  
     
   
  
   851 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,429 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   91,651 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,811 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,690 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,730 
   
  
     
   
  
   263,480 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,403 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,495 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,377 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,827 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,355 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  capitalized costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   132,572 
   
  
     
   
  
   52,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,373 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,022 
   
  
     
   
  
   45,075 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,408 
   
  
     
   
  
   338,264 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   55,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,740 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,475 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,084 
   
  
     
   
  
   157,599 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   76,648 
   
  
     
   
  
   37,074 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,082 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,937 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,600 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,324 
   
  
     
   
  
   180,665 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   As of December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Property
  (acreage) costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   77 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   80 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total property
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   89 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   151 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Producing assets 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,326 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,043 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,646 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   20,015 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Incomplete
  construction 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   40 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,791 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,940 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total
  capitalized costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,524 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,086 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,106 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accumulated
  depreciation and depletion 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,987 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,013 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,417 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net capitalized
  costs for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,107 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,689 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 106   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and Gas Exploration and Production
Costs (continued)  

 The
amounts reported as costs incurred include both capitalized costs and costs
charged to expense during the year. Costs incurred also include new asset
retirement obligations established in the current year, as well as increases or
decreases to the asset retirement obligation resulting from changes in cost
estimates or abandonment date. Total consolidated costs incurred in 2017 were $19,644 million,
up $8,269 million from 2016, due primarily to acquisitions of unproved
properties, partially offset by lower development costs including lower asset
retirement obligation cost estimates mainly in the North Sea. In 2016 costs
were $11,375 million, down $10,512 million from 2015, due primarily to lower
development costs. Total equity company costs incurred in 2017 were $6,008
million, up $4,602 million from 2016, due primarily to acquisition of unproved
properties.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Costs
  Incurred in Property Acquisitions, 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Exploration
  and Development Activities 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   During 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   583 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   726 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,167 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,004 
   
  
     
   
  
   35 
   
  
     
   
  
   70 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,601 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,877 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   702 
   
  
     
   
  
   109 
   
  
     
   
  
   373 
   
  
     
   
  
   224 
   
  
     
   
  
   509 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,107 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,752 
   
  
     
   
  
   877 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,450 
   
  
     
   
  
   266 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,934 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,197 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,588 
   
  
     
   
  
   105 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,257 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,376 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,644 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   309 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,111 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3 
   
  
     
   
  
   323 
   
  
     
   
  
   90 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   137 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,801 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,171 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   138 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   44 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,935 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,891 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,008 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   71 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   73 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   170 
   
  
     
   
  
   27 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   197 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   145 
   
  
     
   
  
   689 
   
  
     
   
  
   156 
   
  
     
   
  
   321 
   
  
     
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   133 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,631 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   538 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,866 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,214 
   
  
     
   
  
   406 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,474 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,370 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   694 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,187 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,472 
   
  
     
   
  
   539 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,375 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   36 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   69 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   106 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   88 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,143 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,337 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   107 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   124 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,175 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,406 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   During 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   37 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   305 
   
  
     
   
  
   39 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   93 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   440 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   195 
   
  
     
   
  
   621 
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
     
   
  
   425 
   
  
     
   
  
   405 
   
  
     
   
  
   157 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,214 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,774 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,764 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,439 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,149 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,068 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,002 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,196 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,850 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,667 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,505 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,161 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,887 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Property
  acquisition costs 
   
  
   - Proved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - Unproved 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Exploration
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (19) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Development
  costs 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   411 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   879 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,433 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total costs
  incurred for equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
   420 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   860 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,464 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 




 


 107   


 
 

 


      


 
 Oil and Gas Reserves  

 The following information describes
changes during the years and balances of proved oil and gas reserves at
year-end 2015, 2016, and 2017.  

 The
definitions used are in accordance with the Securities and Exchange
Commission’s Rule 4-10 (a) of Regulation S-X.  

 Proved
oil and natural gas reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas,
which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with
reasonable certainty to be economically producible – from a given date forward,
from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating
methods and government regulations – prior to the time at which contracts
providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal
is reasonably certain. In some cases, substantial new investments in additional
wells and related facilities will be required to recover these proved reserves.
 

 In
accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) rules, the
Corporation’s year-end reserves volumes as well as the reserves change
categories shown in the following tables are required to be calculated on the
basis of average prices during the 12-month period prior to the ending date of
the period covered by the report, determined as an unweighted arithmetic
average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within such period.
These reserves quantities are also used in calculating unit‑of-production
depreciation rates and in calculating the standardized measure of discounted
net cash flow.  

 Revisions
can include upward or downward changes in previously estimated volumes of
proved reserves for existing fields due to the evaluation or re-evaluation of
(1) already available geologic, reservoir or production data, (2) new
geologic, reservoir or production data or (3) changes in the average of
first-of-month oil and natural gas prices and / or costs that are used in the
estimation of reserves. Revisions can also result from significant changes in
either development strategy or production equipment/facility capacity. Reserve
volumes that were subject to a downward revision can be revised upward at some
point in the future when price levels increase, costs decline, and / or
operating efficiencies occur.  

 Proved
reserves include 100 percent of each majority-owned affiliate’s participation
in proved reserves and ExxonMobil’s ownership percentage of the proved reserves
of equity companies, but exclude royalties and quantities due others. Natural gas
reserves exclude the gaseous equivalent of liquids expected to be removed from
the natural gas on leases, at field facilities and at gas processing plants.
These liquids are included in net proved reserves of crude oil and natural gas
liquids.  

 In
the proved reserves tables, consolidated reserves and equity company reserves
are reported separately. However, the Corporation does not view equity company
reserves any differently than those from consolidated companies.  

 Reserves
reported under production sharing and other nonconcessionary agreements are
based on the economic interest as defined by the specific fiscal terms in the
agreement. The production and reserves that we report for these types of
arrangements typically vary inversely with oil and natural gas price changes.
As oil and natural gas prices increase, the cash flow and value received by the
company increase; however, the production volumes and reserves required to
achieve this value will typically be lower because of the higher prices. When
prices decrease, the opposite effect generally occurs. The percentage of total
liquids and natural gas proved reserves (consolidated subsidiaries plus equity
companies) at year-end 2017 that were associated with production sharing
contract arrangements was 12 percent of liquids, 10 percent of natural gas and 11
percent on an oil-equivalent basis (natural gas converted to oil-equivalent at
6 billion cubic feet = 1 million barrels).  

 Net
proved developed reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered
through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in
which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the
cost of a new well. Net proved undeveloped reserves are those volumes that are
expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing
wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.  

 Crude
oil and natural gas liquids and natural gas production quantities shown are the
net volumes withdrawn from ExxonMobil’s oil and natural gas reserves. The
natural gas quantities differ from the quantities of natural gas delivered for
sale by the producing function as reported in the Operating Information due to
volumes consumed or flared and inventory changes. 

 The
changes between 2017 year-end proved reserves and 2016 year-end proved reserves
primarily reflect extensions/discoveries in the United States, Guyana, and the
United Arab Emirates, as well as purchases in the Permian Basin and offshore
Area 4 in Mozambique, along with upward revisions to North America natural gas,
liquids in the United Arab Emirates, and bitumen at Kearl and Cold Lake.
Downward revisions are reflected in Europe for the Groningen gas field.  

 The
downward revisions in 2016, as the result of very low prices during 2016,
include the entire 3.5 billion barrels of bitumen at Kearl. In addition, 0.8
billion barrels of oil equivalent across the remainder of North America no
longer qualified as proved reserves at year-end 2016 mainly due to the
acceleration of the projected end-of-field-life.  


 


 108   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liquids  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2015 
   
  
   2,108 
   
  
   282 
   
  
   199 
   
  
   1,102 
   
  
   2,132 
   
  
   141 
   
  
   5,964 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,092 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,233 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   534 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,823 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   46 
   
  
   48 
   
  
   123 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   53 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95) 
   
  
     
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68 
   
  
     
   
  
   459 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   161 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   165 
   
  
     
   
  
   46 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   211 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   387 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   698 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,087 
   
  
     
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,188 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (119) 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
   (187) 
   
  
   (126) 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   (524) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (106) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (716) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   2,378 
   
  
   260 
   
  
   184 
   
  
   963 
   
  
   2,825 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   6,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,560 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,954 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2015 
   
  
   328 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   27 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,100 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,455 
   
  
     
   
  
   435 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,890 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (52) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   65 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   12 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (22) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (88) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (26) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (137) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   254 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,770 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   2,632 
   
  
   260 
   
  
   209 
   
  
   963 
   
  
   3,902 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   8,091 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,492 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,560 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,724 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2016 
   
  
   2,378 
   
  
   260 
   
  
   184 
   
  
   963 
   
  
   2,825 
   
  
   125 
   
  
   6,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,560 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,954 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (307) 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   49 
   
  
   73 
   
  
   9 
   
  
   (130) 
   
  
     
   
  
   47 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,748) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,823) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   79 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   (3) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (23) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (28) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   12 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   188 
   
  
     
   
  
   66 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   254 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (127) 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   (63) 
   
  
   (168) 
   
  
   (140) 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   (531) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (64) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (731) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
   241 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   844 
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
   121 
   
  
   6,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,737 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2016 
   
  
   254 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,077 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,356 
   
  
     
   
  
   414 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,770 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (7) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   191 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   187 
   
  
     
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   182 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (85) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   236 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,183 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,820 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   2,417 
   
  
   241 
   
  
   190 
   
  
   844 
   
  
   3,941 
   
  
   121 
   
  
   7,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,538 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,557 
   
  
 



   

 ( See  footnote on next page)  


 


 109   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves (continued)
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
   Liquids  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Americas 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   undeveloped
  reserves of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   2,181 
   
  
   241 
   
  
   173 
   
  
   844 
   
  
   2,758 
   
  
   121 
   
  
   6,318 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,154 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,737 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   70 
   
  
   19 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   30 
   
  
   490 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   654 
   
  
     
   
  
   (49) 
   
  
     
   
  
   416 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (70) 
   
  
     
   
  
   951 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   428 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   433 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   597 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (10) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (53) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (55) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   158 
   
  
   161 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3 
   
  
   384 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   706 
   
  
     
   
  
   58 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   764 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (132) 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   (54) 
   
  
   (150) 
   
  
   (136) 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   (501) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (67) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (111) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (21) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (700) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   2,695 
   
  
   410 
   
  
   119 
   
  
   729 
   
  
   3,496 
   
  
   110 
   
  
   7,559 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,258 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,302 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  equity companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   236 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,183 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,436 
   
  
     
   
  
   384 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,820 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   28 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (20) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (86) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24) 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   (131) 
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   245 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   1,097 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   364 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,727 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   at December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   2,940 
   
  
   410 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   735 
   
  
   4,593 
   
  
   110 
   
  
   8,922 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,029 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 7 million barrels in 2015, 7 million
barrels in 2016 and 10 million barrels in 2017, as well as proved developed
reserves of 4 million barrels in 2015, 4 million barrels in 2016 and 3 million
barrels in 2017, and in addition, proved undeveloped reserves of 3 million
barrels in 2015, 3 million barrels in 2016 and 7 million barrels in 2017, in
which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest. 

     

    


 


 110   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Crude Oil, Natural Gas Liquids, Bitumen
  and Synthetic Oil Proved Reserves (continued)
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Synthetic 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Crude Oil and Natural Gas Liquids 
   
  
     
   
  
   Bitumen 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Amer.  (1)  
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
   Amer.  (2)  
   
  
   Amer.  (3)  
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,427 
   
  
   101 
   
  
     
   
  
   192 
   
  
   900 
   
  
   1,707 
   
  
   107 
   
  
   4,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,108 
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,123 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   228 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,151 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,404 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,619 
   
  
   174 
   
  
     
   
  
   34 
   
  
   230 
   
  
   1,239 
   
  
   83 
   
  
   3,379 
   
  
     
   
  
   452 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,831 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   39 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   327 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   366 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   366 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   3,313 
   
  
   275 
   
  
     
   
  
   251 
   
  
   1,130 
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
   190 
   
  
   9,583 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,560 
   
  
     
   
  
   581 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,724 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,317 
   
  
   87 
   
  
     
   
  
   175 
   
  
   836 
   
  
   1,858 
   
  
   105 
   
  
   4,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   436 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,378 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   210 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,114 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,335 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,626 
   
  
   169 
   
  
     
   
  
   31 
   
  
   169 
   
  
   1,025 
   
  
   74 
   
  
   3,094 
   
  
     
   
  
   265 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,359 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   36 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   443 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   485 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   485 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   3,189 
   
  
   256 
   
  
     
   
  
   223 
   
  
   1,005 
   
  
   4,440 
   
  
   179 
   
  
   9,292 
   
  
     
   
  
   701 
   
  
     
   
  
   564 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,557 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   1,489 
   
  
   92 
   
  
     
   
  
   119 
   
  
   676 
   
  
   2,182 
   
  
   131 
   
  
   4,689 
   
  
     
   
  
   657 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,819 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   208 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,019 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,241 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   2,167 
   
  
   337 
   
  
     
   
  
   30 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   1,426 
   
  
   31 
   
  
   4,128 
   
  
     
   
  
   355 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,483 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   48 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   431 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   486 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   486 
   
  
 
   
   Total liquids
  proved reserves at 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   3,912 
   
  
   429 
   
  
     
   
  
   164 
   
  
   819 
   
  
   5,058 
   
  
   162 
   
  
   10,544 
   
  
   (4) 
   
  
   1,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   473 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,029 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 34 million barrels in 2015, 35 million
barrels in 2016 and 45 million barrels in 2017, as well as proved developed
reserves of 23 million barrels in 2015, 19 million barrels in 2016 and 10
million barrels in 2017, and in addition, proved undeveloped reserves of 11
million barrels in 2015, 16 million barrels in 2016 and 35 million barrels in
2017, in which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest.  

 (2)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 3,515 million barrels in 2015, 701
million barrels in 2016 and 946 million barrels in 2017, as well as proved
developed reserves of 3,063 million barrels in 2015, 436 million barrels in 2016
and 591 million barrels in 2017, and in addition, proved undeveloped reserves
of 452 million barrels in 2015, 265 million barrels in 2016 and 355 million
barrels in 2017, in which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest.  

 (3)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 581 million barrels in 2015, 564
million barrels in 2016 and 473 million barrels in 2017, as well as proved
developed reserves of 581 million barrels in 2015, 564 million barrels in 2016
and 473 million barrels in 2017, in which there is a 30.4 percent
noncontrolling interest.  

 (4)   See previous pages for natural gas
liquids proved reserves attributable to consolidated subsidiaries and equity
companies. For additional information on natural gas liquids proved reserves
see Item 2. Properties in ExxonMobil’s 2017 Form 10-K.  


 


 111   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Amer.  (1) 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products  (2)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2015 
   
  
   25,987 
   
  
   1,226 
   
  
   2,383 
   
  
   811 
   
  
   5,460 
   
  
   7,276 
   
  
   43,143 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,013 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (6,693) 
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
   63 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   303 
   
  
   23 
   
  
   (6,324) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (595) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   182 
   
  
   29 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   211 
   
  
     
   
  
   246 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (9) 
   
  
   (5) 
   
  
   (56) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (89) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (159) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (39) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   102 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,303 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,405 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,254) 
   
  
   (112) 
   
  
   (434) 
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   (447) 
   
  
   (258) 
   
  
   (2,548) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,140) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   19,380 
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
   1,956 
   
  
   793 
   
  
   5,329 
   
  
   7,041 
   
  
   35,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,892 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2015 
   
  
   272 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   8,418 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17,505 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   26,195 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,256 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (83) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   86 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (35) 
   
  
     
   
  
   11 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (15) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (432) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,130) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,577) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (400) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
   220 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7,903 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   16,461 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   24,584 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,867 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2015 
   
  
   19,600 
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
   9,859 
   
  
   793 
   
  
   21,790 
   
  
   7,041 
   
  
   60,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,759 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2016 
   
  
   19,380 
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
   1,956 
   
  
   793 
   
  
   5,329 
   
  
   7,041 
   
  
   35,626 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,892 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   (1,630) 
   
  
   (102) 
   
  
   126 
   
  
   21 
   
  
   (16) 
   
  
   658 
   
  
   (943) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (3,980) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   148 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   148 
   
  
     
   
  
   135 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (45) 
   
  
   (12) 
   
  
   (2) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (59) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (38) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   1,156 
   
  
   34 
   
  
   6 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,196 
   
  
     
   
  
   453 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,223) 
   
  
   (107) 
   
  
   (427) 
   
  
   (43) 
   
  
   (392) 
   
  
   (342) 
   
  
   (2,534) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,153) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   17,786 
   
  
   940 
   
  
   1,659 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   4,921 
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
   33,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,309 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2016 
   
  
   220 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7,903 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   16,461 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   24,584 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,867 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   4 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   114 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (183) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (65) 
   
  
     
   
  
   171 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   5 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (398) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,044) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,455) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (374) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
   211 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7,624 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,234 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   23,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,665 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2016 
   
  
   17,997 
   
  
   940 
   
  
   9,283 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   20,155 
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
   56,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,974 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (See footnotes
on next page)  


 


 112   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves (continued)
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Amer.  (1) 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products  (2)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Net proved
  developed and undeveloped 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   reserves of
  consolidated subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   17,786 
   
  
   940 
   
  
   1,659 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   4,921 
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
   33,434 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,309 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   649 
   
  
   206 
   
  
   134 
   
  
   (135) 
   
  
   (214) 
   
  
   33 
   
  
   673 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,063 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1 
   
  
     
   
  
   8 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   982 
   
  
   56 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,038 
   
  
     
   
  
   771 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   (172) 
   
  
   (1) 
   
  
   (17) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (190) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (87) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   956 
   
  
   269 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   13 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,238 
   
  
     
   
  
   970 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (1,168) 
   
  
   (99) 
   
  
   (408) 
   
  
   (41) 
   
  
   (380) 
   
  
   (496) 
   
  
   (2,592) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,131) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   19,033 
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   1,368 
   
  
   595 
   
  
   4,340 
   
  
   6,894 
   
  
   33,602 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,903 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proportional
  interest in proved reserves 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   of equity
  companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   January 1, 2017 
   
  
   211 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   7,624 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,234 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   23,069 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,665 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions 
   
  
   25 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,129) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   86 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,018) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (138) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Improved
  recovery 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Purchases 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   914 
   
  
     
   
  
   158 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Extensions/discoveries 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Production 
   
  
   (13) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (331) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,072) 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   (1,416) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (367) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
   223 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,164 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   14,248 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   21,549 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,318 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2017 
   
  
   19,256 
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   7,532 
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   18,588 
   
  
   6,894 
   
  
   55,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,221 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes total proved reserves
attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of 583 billion cubic feet in 2015, 495
billion cubic feet in 2016 and 641 billion cubic feet in 2017, as well as
proved developed reserves of 283 billion cubic feet in 2015, 263 billion cubic
feet in 2016 and 282 billion cubic feet in 2017, and in addition, proved
undeveloped reserves of 300 billion cubic feet in 2015, 232 billion cubic feet
in 2016 and 359 billion cubic feet in 2017, in which there is a 30.4 percent
noncontrolling interest.  

 (2)   Natural gas is converted to
oil-equivalent basis at six million cubic feet per one thousand barrels.  


 


 113   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
   Natural Gas and Oil-Equivalent Proved
  Reserves (continued)
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Natural Gas 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Oil-Equivalent 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Amer.  (1) 
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
   Total 
   
  
     
   
  
   All Products  (2)  
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (billions of cubic feet) 
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of oil- 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   equivalent barrels) 
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   13,353 
   
  
   552 
   
  
   1,593 
   
  
   750 
   
  
   4,917 
   
  
   1,962 
   
  
   23,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,977 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   156 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   6,146 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   15,233 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   21,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,993 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   6,027 
   
  
   575 
   
  
   363 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   412 
   
  
   5,079 
   
  
   12,499 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,915 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   64 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,757 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,228 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   874 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2015 
   
  
   19,600 
   
  
   1,127 
   
  
   9,859 
   
  
   793 
   
  
   21,790 
   
  
   7,041 
   
  
   60,210 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,759 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   11,927 
   
  
   478 
   
  
   1,473 
   
  
   728 
   
  
   4,532 
   
  
   3,071 
   
  
   22,209 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,079 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   144 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   5,804 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   14,067 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   20,015 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,671 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   5,859 
   
  
   462 
   
  
   186 
   
  
   43 
   
  
   389 
   
  
   4,286 
   
  
   11,225 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,230 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   67 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,820 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,167 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,054 
   
  
     
   
  
   994 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2016 
   
  
   17,997 
   
  
   940 
   
  
   9,283 
   
  
   771 
   
  
   20,155 
   
  
   7,357 
   
  
   56,503 
   
  
     
   
  
   19,974 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  developed reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   12,649 
   
  
   512 
   
  
   1,231 
   
  
   584 
   
  
   4,030 
   
  
   4,420 
   
  
   23,426 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,724 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   154 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   4,899 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   12,898 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   17,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,232 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Proved
  undeveloped reserves, as of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   December 31,
  2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated
  subsidiaries 
   
  
   6,384 
   
  
   860 
   
  
   137 
   
  
   11 
   
  
   310 
   
  
   2,474 
   
  
   10,176 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,179 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity
  companies 
   
  
   69 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   1,265 
   
  
   914 
   
  
   1,350 
   
  
   - 
   
  
   3,598 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,086 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total proved
  reserves at December 31, 2017 
   
  
   19,256 
   
  
   1,372 
   
  
   7,532 
   
  
   1,509 
   
  
   18,588 
   
  
   6,894 
   
  
   55,151 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,221 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (See footnotes
on previous page)  


 


 114   


 
 

 


      


 
 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Cash Flows  

 As required by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows
is computed by applying first-day-of-the-month average prices,
year-end costs and legislated tax rates and a discount factor of 10 percent
to net proved reserves. The standardized measure includes costs for
future dismantlement, abandonment and rehabilitation obligations.
The Corporation believes the standardized measure does not provide
a reliable estimate of the Corporation’s expected future cash flows to be
obtained from the development and production of its oil and gas properties or
of the value of its proved oil and gas reserves. The standardized measure is
prepared on the basis of certain prescribed assumptions including
first-day-of-the-month average prices, which represent discrete points in time
and therefore may cause significant variability in cash flows from year to year
as prices change.  

 
 
   

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standardized
  Measure of Discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Future Cash
  Flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas   (1)  
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   144,910 
   
  
     
   
  
   176,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,330 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,702 
   
  
     
   
  
   156,378 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,535 
   
  
     
   
  
   588,307 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,678 
   
  
     
   
  
   115,285 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,114 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,745 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,889 
   
  
     
   
  
   283,446 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,016 
   
  
     
   
  
   36,923 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,332 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,170 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,371 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,237 
   
  
     
   
  
   118,049 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,950 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,042 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,780 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,018 
   
  
     
   
  
   62,353 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   92,155 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,266 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,202 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,483 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,400 
   
  
     
   
  
   27,909 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,397 
   
  
     
   
  
   94,657 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,336 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,415 
   
  
     
   
  
   (945) 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,226 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,454 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,882 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,930 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,787 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,428 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,513 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,775 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,065 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   49,061 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   143,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   205,818 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,137 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,409 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   57,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   98,626 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,903 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,796 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,889 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,027 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,855 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,882 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,435 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,961 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   60,421 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,287 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   26,171 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,394 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,089 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,148 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,027 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,019 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,787 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,174 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,303 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,943 
   
  
     
   
  
   70,802 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes discounted future net cash
flows attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of $5,607 million in 2015, in which
there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest.  


 


 115   


 
 

 


      


 

 
  
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Standardized
  Measure of Discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
   United 
   
  
     
   
  
   Other 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/ 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Future Cash
  Flows (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
   States 
   
  
   Americas   (1)  
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
     
   
  
   Oceania 
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   118,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   50,243 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,487 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,734 
   
  
     
   
  
   118,997 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,877 
   
  
     
   
  
   372,621 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,585 
   
  
     
   
  
   29,798 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,362 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,447 
   
  
     
   
  
   38,727 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   161,562 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,735 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,833 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,088 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,177 
   
  
     
   
  
   82,812 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,223 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,052 
   
  
     
   
  
   178 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,025 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,641 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,316 
   
  
     
   
  
   58,435 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,731 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,658 
   
  
     
   
  
   712 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,429 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,541 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   69,812 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,039 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,443 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,014) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,848 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,556 
   
  
     
   
  
   34,662 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,692 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,726 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,693 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,150 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,551 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   32,121 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   104,700 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   146,372 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,289 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,342 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,563 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   68,194 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,048 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,656 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,652 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,206 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   16,622 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,828 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,314 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,525 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   33,859 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   41,698 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   393 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,946 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,497 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   921 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,367 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,201 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,613 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,215 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,093 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,639 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,185 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,351 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Consolidated
  Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   186,126 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,870 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   43,223 
   
  
     
   
  
   191,254 
   
  
     
   
  
   40,814 
   
  
     
   
  
   555,081 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   78,980 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,280 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,723 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,424 
   
  
     
   
  
   201,880 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   39,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,150 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,480 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,897 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,156 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,951 
   
  
     
   
  
   97,630 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,879 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,527 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,790 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,818 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,614 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,017 
   
  
     
   
  
   125,645 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   54,271 
   
  
     
   
  
   13,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   100 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,459 
   
  
     
   
  
   31,761 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,422 
   
  
     
   
  
   129,926 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,574 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,158 
   
  
     
   
  
   (1,255) 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,996 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,511 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,741 
   
  
     
   
  
   64,725 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,697 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,355 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,463 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,201 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Equity
  Companies 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   As of December
  31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future cash
  inflows from sales of oil and gas 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,643 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,557 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,366 
   
  
     
   
  
   127,364 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   170,930 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  production costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,927 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,120 
   
  
     
   
  
   247 
   
  
     
   
  
   48,300 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   75,594 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future
  development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,012 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,913 
   
  
     
   
  
   417 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,825 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,167 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future income
  tax expenses 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,683 
   
  
     
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   22,396 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,593 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,704 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,841 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,188 
   
  
     
   
  
   44,843 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   53,576 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Effect of
  discounting net cash flows at 10% 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,668 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,116 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,045 
   
  
     
   
  
   23,744 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   28,573 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Discounted
  future net cash flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,036 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,725 
   
  
     
   
  
   143 
   
  
     
   
  
   21,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,003 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Total
  consolidated and equity interests in 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   standardized
  measure of discounted 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   future net cash
  flows 
   
  
     
   
  
   25,733 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,755 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,080 
   
  
     
   
  
   8,606 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,681 
   
  
     
   
  
   90,204 
   
  
 



   

 (1)   Includes discounted future net cash
flows attributable to Imperial Oil Limited of $2,322 million in 2016 and $3,344
million in 2017, in which there is a 30.4 percent noncontrolling interest.  


 


 116   


 
 

 


      


 
 Change in Standardized Measure of
Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2015  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   138,664 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   68,921 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   207,585 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved
  recovery and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,678 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   - 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5,678 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (20,694) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,492) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (30,186) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   18,359 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,198 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   19,557 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (203,224) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (57,478) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (260,702) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,888 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (134) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,754 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   17,828 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,257 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,085 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   79,276 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   17,755 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   97,031 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   (95,889) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (40,894) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (136,783) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,775 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,027 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,802 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2016  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   42,775 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   28,027 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   70,802 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved
  recovery and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,377 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,382 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,110) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (5,540) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (22,650) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,905 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,438 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,343 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs  (1)  
   
  
     
   
  
   (26,561) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (15,549) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (42,110) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,908 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,425 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,333 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,854 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   3,857 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   11,711 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   12,002 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   4,538 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   16,540 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,625) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (9,826) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (17,451) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,351 
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

 (1)     
 Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) rules require the
Corporation’s reserves to be calculated on the basis of average first-of-month
oil and natural gas prices during the reporting year. As a result of very low
prices during 2016, under the SEC definition of proved reserves, certain
quantities of oil and natural gas that qualified as proved reserves in prior
years did not qualify as proved reserves at year-end 2016. Future net cash
flows for these quantities are excluded from the 2016 Standardized Measure of Discounted
Future Cash Flows. Substantially all of this reduction in discounted future net
cash flows since December 31, 2015, is reflected in the line “Net change in
prices, lifting and development costs” in the table above. 

    


 


 117   


 
 

 


      


 
 Change in Standardized Measure of
Discounted Future Net Cash Flows Relating to Proved Oil and Gas Reserves  

 
 
   

 
  
   
   Consolidated
  and Equity Interests (continued) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Share of 
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Consolidated 
   
  
     
   
  
   Equity Method 
   
  
     
   
  
   and Equity 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Subsidiaries 
   
  
     
   
  
   Investees 
   
  
     
   
  
   Interests 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (millions of dollars) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   35,150 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   18,201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   53,351 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Value of
  reserves added during the year due to extensions, discoveries, 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   improved
  recovery and net purchases less related costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,375 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   255 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   10,630 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Changes in
  value of previous-year reserves due to: 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Sales and
  transfers of oil and gas produced during the year, net of 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   production
  (lifting) costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   (24,911) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (7,358) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (32,269) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Development
  costs incurred during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   7,066 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,020 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   9,086 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net change in
  prices, lifting and development costs 
   
  
     
   
  
   51,703 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   12,782 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   64,485 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Revisions of
  previous reserves estimates 
   
  
     
   
  
   6,580 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   1,193 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,773 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Accretion of
  discount 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,951 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2,124 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   7,075 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Net change in
  income taxes 
   
  
     
   
  
   (25,713) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (4,214) 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (29,927) 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Total change in
  the standardized measure during the year 
   
  
     
   
  
   30,051 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   6,802 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   36,853 
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Discounted
  future net cash flows as of December 31, 2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   65,201 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   25,003 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   90,204 
   
  
     
   
  
 











 


 118   


 
 

 


 OPERATING INFORMATION (unaudited)   


 
    

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   2017 
   
  
     
   
  
   2016 
   
  
     
   
  
   2015 
   
  
     
   
  
   2014 
   
  
     
   
  
   2013 
   
  
 
   
   Production of
  crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen and synthetic oil 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net production 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   514 
   
  
     
   
  
   494 
   
  
     
   
  
   476 
   
  
     
   
  
   454 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
   412 
   
  
     
   
  
   430 
   
  
     
   
  
   402 
   
  
     
   
  
   301 
   
  
     
   
  
   280 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   182 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   204 
   
  
     
   
  
   184 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
   474 
   
  
     
   
  
   529 
   
  
     
   
  
   489 
   
  
     
   
  
   469 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   698 
   
  
     
   
  
   707 
   
  
     
   
  
   684 
   
  
     
   
  
   624 
   
  
     
   
  
   784 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   54 
   
  
     
   
  
   56 
   
  
     
   
  
   50 
   
  
     
   
  
   59 
   
  
     
   
  
   48 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   2,283 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,365 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,345 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,111 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,202 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Natural gas
  production available for sale 
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Net production 
   
  
   (millions of cubic feet daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,936 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,078 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,147 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,404 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,545 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada/Other
  Americas 
   
  
   218 
   
  
     
   
  
   239 
   
  
     
   
  
   261 
   
  
     
   
  
   310 
   
  
     
   
  
   354 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,948 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,173 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,286 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,816 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,251 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Africa 
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   7 
   
  
     
   
  
   5 
   
  
     
   
  
   4 
   
  
     
   
  
   6 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia 
   
  
   3,794 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,743 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,139 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,099 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,329 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Australia/Oceania 
   
  
   1,310 
   
  
     
   
  
   887 
   
  
     
   
  
   677 
   
  
     
   
  
   512 
   
  
     
   
  
   351 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   10,211 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,127 
   
  
     
   
  
   10,515 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,145 
   
  
     
   
  
   11,836 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (thousands of oil-equivalent barrels
  daily) 
   
  
 
   
   Oil-equivalent
  production   (1)  
   
  
   3,985 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,053 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,097 
   
  
     
   
  
   3,969 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,175 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Refinery
  throughput 
   
  
   (thousands of barrels daily) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   1,508 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,591 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,709 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,809 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,819 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   383 
   
  
     
   
  
   363 
   
  
     
   
  
   386 
   
  
     
   
  
   394 
   
  
     
   
  
   426 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,510 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,417 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,496 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,454 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,400 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific 
   
  
   690 
   
  
     
   
  
   708 
   
  
     
   
  
   647 
   
  
     
   
  
   628 
   
  
     
   
  
   779 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Other Non-U.S. 
   
  
   200 
   
  
     
   
  
   190 
   
  
     
   
  
   194 
   
  
     
   
  
   191 
   
  
     
   
  
   161 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   4,291 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,269 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,432 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,476 
   
  
     
   
  
   4,585 
   
  
 
   
   Petroleum
  product sales  (2)  
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   2,190 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,250 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,521 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,655 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,609 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Canada 
   
  
   499 
   
  
     
   
  
   491 
   
  
     
   
  
   488 
   
  
     
   
  
   496 
   
  
     
   
  
   464 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Europe 
   
  
   1,597 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,519 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,542 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,555 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,497 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Asia Pacific
  and other Eastern Hemisphere 
   
  
   1,164 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,140 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,124 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,085 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,206 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Latin America 
   
  
   80 
   
  
     
   
  
   82 
   
  
     
   
  
   79 
   
  
     
   
  
   84 
   
  
     
   
  
   111 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,887 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Gasoline,
  naphthas 
   
  
   2,262 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,270 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,363 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,452 
   
  
     
   
  
   2,418 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Heating oils,
  kerosene, diesel oils 
   
  
   1,850 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,772 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,924 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,912 
   
  
     
   
  
   1,838 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Aviation fuels 
   
  
   382 
   
  
     
   
  
   399 
   
  
     
   
  
   413 
   
  
     
   
  
   423 
   
  
     
   
  
   462 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Heavy fuels 
   
  
   371 
   
  
     
   
  
   370 
   
  
     
   
  
   377 
   
  
     
   
  
   390 
   
  
     
   
  
   431 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Specialty
  petroleum products 
   
  
   665 
   
  
     
   
  
   671 
   
  
     
   
  
   677 
   
  
     
   
  
   698 
   
  
     
   
  
   738 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   5,530 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,482 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,754 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,875 
   
  
     
   
  
   5,887 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   Chemical prime
  product sales  (2)  
   
  
   (thousands of metric tons) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   United States 
   
  
   9,307 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,576 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,664 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,528 
   
  
     
   
  
   9,679 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   Non-U.S. 
   
  
   16,113 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,349 
   
  
     
   
  
   15,049 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,707 
   
  
     
   
  
   14,384 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   Worldwide 
   
  
   25,420 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,925 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,713 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,235 
   
  
     
   
  
   24,063 
   
  
 



   

 Operating statistics include 100 percent
of operations of majority-owned subsidiaries; for other companies, crude
production, gas, petroleum product and chemical prime product sales include
ExxonMobil’s ownership percentage and refining throughput includes quantities
processed for ExxonMobil. Net production excludes royalties and quantities due
others when produced, whether payment is made in kind or cash.  

 (1)   Gas converted to oil-equivalent at
6 million cubic feet = 1 thousand barrels.    

 (2)   Petroleum product and chemical prime
product sales data reported net of purchases/sales contracts with the same
counterparty.    

     



 
  




 


 119   


 
 

 


 INDEX TO EXHIBITS  


 
    

   

 

 
  
   
   Exhibit 
   
  
   Description 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(i) 
   
  
   Restated
  Certificate of Incorporation, as restated November 30, 1999, and as
  further amended effective June 20, 2001 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  3(i) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2015). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   3(ii) 
   
  
   By-Laws, as
  revised effective November 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  3(ii) to the Registrant’s Report on Form 8-K of October 31, 2017). 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.1) 
   
  
   2003 Incentive
  Program, as approved by shareholders May 28, 2003.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.2) 
   
  
   Extended
  Provisions for Restricted Stock Agreements (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(iii)(a.2) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2016).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(a.3) 
   
  
   Extended
  Provisions for Restricted Stock Unit Agreements – Settlement in Shares.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(b.1) 
   
  
   Short Term
  Incentive Program, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
  10(iii)(b.1) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2013).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(b.2) 
   
  
   Earnings Bonus
  Unit instrument.* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.1) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Supplemental Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(c.1)
  to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June
  30, 2017).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.2) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Supplemental Pension Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(c.2)
  to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2014).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(c.3) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Additional Payments Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(c.3)
  to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2013).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(d) 
   
  
   ExxonMobil
  Executive Life Insurance and Death Benefit Plan (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(iii)(d) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2016).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.1) 
   
  
   2004
  Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to
  Exhibit 10(iii)(f.1) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
  2013).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.2) 
   
  
   Standing
  resolution for non-employee director restricted grants dated
  September 26, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(f.2) to
  the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2016).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.3) 
   
  
   Form of
  restricted stock grant letter for non-employee directors (incorporated by
  reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(f.3) to the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form
  10-K for 2014).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   10(iii)(f.4) 
   
  
   Standing
  resolution for non-employee director cash fees dated October 26, 2011
  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(f.4) to the Registrant’s
  Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2015).* 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   12 
   
  
   Computation of
  ratio of earnings to fixed charges. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   14 
   
  
   Code of Ethics
  and Business Conduct. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   18 
   
  
   Preferability
  Letter of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public
  Accounting Firm. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   21 
   
  
   Subsidiaries of
  the registrant. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   23 
   
  
   Consent of
  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.1 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Chief
  Executive Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.2 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Principal
  Financial Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   31.3 
   
  
   Certification
  (pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)) by Principal
  Accounting Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.1 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certification (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Chief
  Executive Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.2 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certification (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Principal Financial
  Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   32.3 
   
  
   Section 1350
  Certification (pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 906) by Principal
  Accounting Officer. 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   101 
   
  
   Interactive data
  files. 
   
  
 
   
   _____________________ 
   
  
     
   
  
 


 


          *  Compensatory plan or arrangement required to be
identified pursuant to Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

 The registrant has not filed with this report copies
of the instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the registrant
and its subsidiaries for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial
statements are required to be filed. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of
any such instrument to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

    









 


 120   


 
 

 


   


 
  

  SIGNATURES
 

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

   

 

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
   By: 
   
  
   /s/    DARREN W. WOODS         
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
   (Darren W. Woods, 
   Chairman of the Board) 
   
  
 
     
    
    
    
  
 


 


 Dated February 28, 2018  

 
  
   
         
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



   

    

   

 POWER
OF ATTORNEY  

 Each person whose signature appears below constitutes
and appoints Beth E. Casteel, Stephen A. Littleton, and Richard C. Vint and
each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with
full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her
name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and
agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and
every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents
and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their
or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by
virtue hereof.  

 
  
   
         
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 



 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on
February 28, 2018.  

 
  
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DARREN
  W. WOODS 
   
     
   

   (Darren W. Woods) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Chairman of the Board 
   (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    SUSAN
  K. AVERY 
 
     
   

   (Susan K. Avery) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    MICHAEL
  J. BOSKIN 
 
     
   

   (Michael J. Boskin) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    ANGELA
  F. BRALY 
 
     
   

   (Angela F. Braly) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    URSULA
  M. BURNS 
 
     
   

   (Ursula M. Burns) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 



 


 121   


 
 

 


   


 
 

 
  
   
   /s/    KENNETH
  C. FRAZIER 
   
     
   

   (Kenneth C. Frazier) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    STEVEN
  A. KANDARIAN 
 
     
   

   (Steven A. Kandarian) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DOUGLAS
  R. OBERHELMAN 
 
     
   

   (Douglas R. Oberhelman) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    SAMUEL
  J. PALMISANO 
 
     
   

   (Samuel J. Palmisano) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    STEVEN
  S REINEMUND 
 
     
   

   (Steven S Reinemund) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    WILLIAM
  C. WELDON 
 
     
   

   (William C. Weldon) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Director 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    ANDREW
  P. SWIGER 
 
     
   

   (Andrew P. Swiger) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Senior Vice President 
   (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 
   
   /s/    DAVID
  S. ROSENTHAL 
 
     
   

   (David S. Rosenthal) 
   
  
     
   
  
   Vice President and Controller 
   (Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
 


   




 


 122   


 
 
 
 
