
 10-K
 1
 exr-12312016x10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 Document 
	 
	 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   FORM 10-K   (Mark One) x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended  December 31, 2016   OR o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from                  to                 . Commission File Number: 001-32269   EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   Maryland   20-1076777 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 400 Salt Lake City, Utah 84121 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (801) 365-4600 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class   Name of exchange on which registered Common Stock, $0.01 par value   New York Stock Exchange, Inc. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None       Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes   x     No   ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   ¨     No   x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   x     No   ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x     No   ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment of this Form 10-K.   ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer   x    Accelerated filer   o Non-accelerated filer   o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)    Smaller reporting company   o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x . The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $11,138,435,421 based upon the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2016, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons whose shares are excluded from the computation are affiliates for any other purpose. The number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s common stock, $0.01 par value per share, as of  February 21, 2017  was 125,912,481. Documents Incorporated by Reference Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement to be issued in connection with the registrant’s annual stockholders’ meeting to be held in  2017  are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Extra Space Storage Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K For the Year Ended December 31, 2016 Table of Contents   PART I 4 Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 17 Item 2. Properties 17 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 17 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 17 PART II 17 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 17 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 18 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 20 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 39 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 40 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 95 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 95 Item 9B. Other Information 96 PART III 97 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 97 Item 11. Executive Compensation 97 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 97 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 97 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 97 PART IV 98 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 98 SIGNATURES 101 2 Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information Certain information set forth in this report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures, financing needs, plans or intentions relating to acquisitions and other information that is not historical information. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as “believes,” “expects,” “estimates,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “anticipates,” or “intends” or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. We may also make additional forward-looking statements from time to time. All such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, by us or on our behalf, are also expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. All forward-looking statements, including without limitation, management’s examination of historical operating trends and estimates of future earnings, are based upon our current expectations and various assumptions. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them, but there can be no assurance that management’s expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved. All forward-looking statements apply only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in or contemplated by this report. Any forward-looking statements should be considered in light of the risks referenced in “Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors” below. Such factors include, but are not limited to:   • adverse changes in general economic conditions, the real estate industry and in the markets in which we operate; • failure to close pending acquisitions on expected terms, or at all; • the effect of competition from new and existing stores or other storage alternatives, which could cause rents and occupancy rates to decline; • difficulties in our ability to evaluate, finance, complete and integrate acquisitions and developments successfully and to lease up those stores, which could adversely affect our profitability; • potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination; • the impact of the regulatory environment as well as national, state, and local laws and regulations including, without limitation, those governing real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), tenant reinsurance and other aspects of our business, which could adversely affect our results; • disruptions in credit and financial markets and resulting difficulties in raising capital or obtaining credit at reasonable rates or at all, which could impede our ability to grow; • increased interest rates and operating costs; • the failure to effectively manage our growth and expansion into new markets or to successfully operate acquired properties and operations; • reductions in asset valuations and related impairment charges; • the failure of our joint venture partners to fulfill their obligations to us or their pursuit of actions that are inconsistent with our objectives; • the failure to maintain our REIT status for U.S. federal income tax purposes; • economic uncertainty due to the impact of war or terrorism, which could adversely affect our business plan; and • difficulties in our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and management members. The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider these risks before you make an investment decision with respect to our securities. We disclaim any duty or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect new information, future events or otherwise. 3 PART I Item 1.     Business General Extra Space Storage Inc. (“we,” “our,” “us” or the “Company”) is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (“REIT”) formed as a Maryland corporation on April 30, 2004, to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed self-storage properties (“stores”). We closed our initial public offering (“IPO”) on August 17, 2004. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “EXR.” We were formed to continue the business of Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries, which had engaged in the self-storage business since 1977. These companies were reorganized after the consummation of our IPO and various formation transactions. As of  December 31, 2016 , we held ownership interests in  1,016  operating stores. Of these operating stores,  836  are wholly-owned and  180  are owned in joint venture partnerships. An additional  411  operating stores are owned by third parties and operated by us in exchange for a management fee, bringing the total number of operating stores which we own and/or manage to  1,427 . These operating stores are located in  38  states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico and contain approximately  107 million  square feet of net rentable space in approximately  960,000  units and currently serve a customer base of approximately  850,000  tenants. We operate in  three  distinct segments: (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and (3) property management, acquisition and development. Our rental operations activities include rental operations of stores in which we have an ownership interest. Tenant reinsurance activities include the reinsurance of risks relating to the loss of goods stored by tenants in our stores. Our property management, acquisition and development activities include managing, acquiring, developing and selling stores. Substantially all of our business is conducted through Extra Space Storage LP (the “Operating Partnership”). Our primary assets are general partner and limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”). To the extent we continue to qualify as a REIT we will not be subject to tax, with certain exceptions, on our net taxable income that is distributed to our stockholders. We file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You may obtain copies of these documents by visiting the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 or by accessing the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are furnished to the SEC, we make copies of these documents available to the public free of charge through our website at www.extraspace.com, or by contacting our Secretary at our principal offices, which are located at 2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 300, Salt Lake City, Utah 84121, telephone number (801) 365-4600. Management Members of our executive management team have significant experience in all aspects of the self-storage industry, having acquired and/or developed a significant number of stores since before our IPO.  Our executive management team and their years of industry experience are as follows: Joseph D. Margolis, Chief Executive Officer, 12 years; Scott Stubbs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 16 years; Samrat Sondhi, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, 13 years; Gwyn McNeal, Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, 11 years; James Overturf, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, 18 years; and Kenneth M. Woolley, Executive Chairman, 36 years.  Spencer F. Kirk served as our Chief Executive Officer through December 31, 2016 and continues to serve on the Company's board of directors.  Joseph D. Margolis succeeded Mr. Kirk as the Company's Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2017. Our executive management team and board of directors have a significant ownership position in the Company with executive officers and directors owning approximately 4,665,566 shares or 3.7% of our outstanding common stock as of  February 21, 2017 . 4 Industry & Competition Stores offer month-to-month storage space rental for personal or business use and are a cost-effective and flexible storage alternative. Tenants rent fully enclosed spaces that can vary in size according to their specific needs and to which they have unlimited, exclusive access. Tenants have responsibility for moving their items into and out of their units. Self-storage unit sizes typically range from 5 feet by 5 feet to 20 feet by 20 feet, with an interior height of 8 feet to 12 feet. Stores generally have on-site managers who supervise and run the day-to-day operations, providing tenants with assistance as needed. Self-storage provides a convenient way for individuals and businesses to store their possessions due to life changes, or simply because of a need for storage space. The mix of residential tenants using a store is determined by a store’s local demographics and often includes people who are looking to downsize their living space or others who are not yet settled into a permanent residence. Items that residential tenants place in self-storage range from cars, boats and recreational vehicles, to furniture, household items and appliances. Commercial tenants tend to include small business owners who require easy and frequent access to their goods, records, inventory or storage for seasonal goods. Our research has shown that tenants choose a store based primarily on the convenience of the site to their home or business, making high-density, high-traffic population centers ideal locations for stores. A store’s perceived security and the general professionalism of the site managers and staff are also contributing factors to a site’s ability to successfully secure rentals. Although most stores are leased to tenants on a month-to-month basis, tenants tend to continue their leases for extended periods of time. The self-storage business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A greater portion of revenues and profits are realized from May through September. Historically, our highest level of occupancy has been at the end of July, while our lowest level of occupancy has been in late February and early March. Since inception in the early 1970’s, the self-storage industry has experienced significant growth. The self-storage industry has also seen increases in occupancy over the past several years. According to the Self-Storage Almanac (the “Almanac”), in 2008, the national average physical occupancy rate was 80.3% of net rentable square feet, compared to an average physical occupancy rate of 91.2% in 2016. Recently we have encountered competition when we have sought to acquire stores, especially for brokered portfolios. Competitive bidding practices have been commonplace between both public and private entities, and this will likely continue. The industry is also characterized by fragmented ownership. According to the Almanac, the top ten self-storage companies in the United States operated approximately 19.4% of the total U.S. stores, and the top 50 self-storage companies operated approximately 28.6% of the total U.S. stores as of  December 31, 2016 . We believe this fragmentation will contribute to continued consolidation at some level in the future. We also believe that we are well positioned to compete for acquisitions. We are the second largest self-storage operator in the United States. We are one of five public self-storage REITs along with CubeSmart, National Storage Affiliates, Life Storage and Public Storage. Long-Term Growth and Investment Strategies Our primary business objectives are to maximize cash flow available for distribution to our stockholders and to achieve sustainable long-term growth in cash flow per share in order to maximize long-term stockholder value. We continue to evaluate a range of growth initiatives and opportunities, including the following:   • Maximize the performance of our stores through strategic, efficient and proactive management.  We pursue revenue-generating and expense-minimizing opportunities in our operations. Our revenue management team seeks to maximize revenue by responding to changing market conditions through our advanced technology system’s ability to provide real-time, interactive rental rate and discount management. Our size allows us greater ability than the majority of our competitors to implement more effective online marketing programs, which we believe will attract more customers to our stores at a lower net cost. • Acquire self storage stores.  Our acquisitions team continues to pursue the acquisition of multi-store portfolios and single stores that we believe can provide stockholder value. We have established a reputation as a reliable, ethical buyer, which we believe enhances our ability to negotiate and close acquisitions. In addition, we believe our status as an UPREIT enables flexibility when structuring deals. We continue to review available acquisitions. As interest rates increase, our expectation is that capitalization rates will also increase and that prices will begin to decrease.  We remain  5 a disciplined buyer and only execute acquisitions that we believe will strengthen our portfolio and increase stockholder value. • Expand our management business.  Our management business enables us to generate increased revenues through management fees and expand our geographic footprint. We believe this expanded footprint enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. In addition, we see our management business as a future acquisition pipeline. We pursue strategic relationships with owners whose stores would enhance our portfolio in the event an opportunity arises to acquire such stores. Financing of Our Long-Term Growth Strategies Acquisition and Development Financing The following table presents information on our revolving lines of credit (the “Credit Lines”) for the periods indicated. All of our Credit Lines are guaranteed by us (amounts in thousands).   As of  December 31, 2016             Revolving Lines of Credit Amount Drawn    Capacity    Interest Rate    Origination Date   Maturity   Basis Rate  (1) Credit Line 1  (2) $ 3,000   $ 100,000   2.40%   6/4/2010   6/30/2018   LIBOR plus 1.7% Credit Line 2  (3)(4) 362,000   500,000   2.20%   10/14/2016   10/14/2020   LIBOR plus 1.4%   $ 365,000   $ 600,000                 (1) 30-day USD LIBOR (2) Secured by mortgages on certain real estate assets.  One two-year extension available. (3) Unsecured.  Two six-month extensions available. (4) Basis Rate as of December 31, 2016.  Rate is subject to change based on our consolidated leverage ratio. We expect to maintain a flexible approach in financing new store acquisitions. We plan to finance future acquisitions through a combination of cash, borrowings under the Credit Lines, traditional secured and unsecured mortgage financing, joint ventures and additional debt or equity offerings. Joint Venture Financing As of  December 31, 2016 , we own  180  of our stores through joint ventures with third parties.  We generally manage the day-to-day operations of the underlying stores owned in these joint ventures and have the right to participate in major decisions relating to sales of stores or financings by the applicable joint venture. Our joint venture partners typically provide most of the equity capital required for the operation of the respective business. Under the operating agreements for the joint ventures, we maintain the right to receive between 4.0% and 80.0% of the available cash flow from operations after our joint venture partners and the Company have received a predetermined return, and between 4.0% and 75.0% of the available cash flow from capital transactions after our joint venture partners and the Company have received a return of their capital plus such predetermined return. Most joint venture agreements include buy-sell rights, as well as rights of first offer in connection with the sale of stores by the joint venture. Disposition of Stores We will continue to review our portfolio for stores or groups of stores that are underperforming or are not strategically located, and determine whether to dispose of these stores to fund other growth. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had  two  parcels of land that were categorized as held for sale. Regulation Generally, stores are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to lien sale rights and procedures. Changes in any of these laws or regulations, as well as changes in laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response and Compensation Liability Act, which increase the potential liability for environmental conditions or circumstances existing or created by tenants or others on stores, or laws affecting development, construction, operation, upkeep, safety and taxation may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, loss of stores or other impairments to operations, which would adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 6 Under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the “ADA”), places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. These requirements became effective in 1992. A number of additional U.S. federal, state and local laws also exist that may require modifications to the stores, or restrict further renovations thereof, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants and also could result in an order to correct any non-complying feature, thereby requiring substantial capital expenditures. To the extent our stores are not in compliance, we are likely to incur additional costs to comply with the ADA. Insurance activities are subject to state insurance laws and regulations as determined by the particular insurance commissioner for each state in accordance with the McCarran-Ferguson Act, and are subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the privacy regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission pursuant thereto. Store management activities are often subject to state real estate brokerage laws and regulations as determined by the particular real estate commission for each state. Changes in any of the laws governing our conduct could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business or could materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Employees As of  February 21, 2017 , we had  3,287  employees and believe our relationship with our employees is good. Our employees are not represented by a collective bargaining agreement. Item 1A.     Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves various risks. All investors should carefully consider the following risk factors in conjunction with the other information contained in this Annual Report before trading in our securities. If any of the events set forth in the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition could be harmed. Our performance is subject to risks associated with real estate investments. We are a real estate company that derives our income from operation of our stores. There are a number of factors that may adversely affect the income that our stores generate, including the following: Risks Related to Our Stores and Operations Adverse economic or other conditions in the markets in which we do business could negatively affect our occupancy levels and rental rates and therefore our operating results. Our operating results are dependent upon our ability to maximize occupancy levels and rental rates in our stores. Adverse economic or other conditions in the markets in which we operate may lower our occupancy levels and limit our ability to increase rents or require us to offer rental discounts. If our stores fail to generate revenues sufficient to meet our cash requirements, including operating and other expenses, debt service and capital expenditures, our net income, funds from operations (“FFO”), cash flow, financial condition, ability to make cash distributions to stockholders and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the operating performance of our stores:   • the national economic climate and the local or regional economic climate in the markets in which we operate, which may be adversely impacted by, among other factors, industry slowdowns, relocation of businesses and changing demographics; • periods of economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates, or declining demand for self-storage or the public perception that any of these events may occur could result in a general decline in rental rates or an increase in tenant defaults; • a decline of the current economic environment; • local or regional real estate market conditions, such as competing stores, the oversupply of self-storage or a reduction in demand for self-storage in a particular area; • perceptions by prospective users of our stores of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our stores and the neighborhoods in which they are located; 7 • increased operating costs, including the need for capital improvements, insurance premiums, real estate taxes and utilities; • the impact of environmental protection laws; • changes in tax, real estate and zoning laws; and • earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters, terrorist acts, civil disturbances or acts of war which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses. If we are unable to promptly re-let our units or if the rates upon such re-letting are significantly lower than expected, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected. Virtually all of our leases are on a month-to-month basis. Any delay in re-letting units as vacancies arise would reduce our revenues and harm our operating results. In addition, lower than expected rental rates upon re-letting could adversely affect our revenues and impede our growth. We depend upon our on-site personnel to maximize tenant satisfaction at each of our stores, and any difficulties we encounter in hiring, training and maintaining skilled field personnel may harm our operating performance. We had  2,723  field personnel as of  February 21, 2017  in the management and operation of our stores. The general professionalism of our store managers and staff are contributing factors to a store’s ability to successfully secure rentals and retain tenants. We also rely upon our field personnel to maintain clean and secure stores. If we are unable to successfully recruit, train and retain qualified field personnel, the quality of service we strive to provide at our stores could be adversely affected which could lead to decreased occupancy levels and reduced operating performance. Uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition and our cash flow. We maintain comprehensive liability, fire, flood, earthquake, wind (as deemed necessary or as required by our lenders), extended coverage and rental loss insurance with respect to our stores. Certain types of losses, however, may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, such as losses due to earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, riots, acts of war or terrorism. Should an uninsured loss occur, we could lose both our investment in and anticipated profits and cash flow from a store. In addition, if any such loss is insured, we may be required to pay significant amounts on any claim for recovery of such a loss prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. As a result, our operating results may be adversely affected. Increases in taxes and regulatory compliance costs may reduce our income. Costs resulting from changes in real estate tax laws generally are not passed through to tenants directly and will affect us. Increases in income, property or other taxes generally are not passed through to tenants under leases and may reduce our net income, FFO, cash flow, financial condition, ability to pay or refinance our debt obligations, ability to make cash distributions to stockholders, and the trading price of our securities. Similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on stores or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, which could similarly adversely affect our business and results of operations. Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with operating our stores may affect our results of operations. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, owners and operators of real estate may be liable for the costs of investigating and remediating certain hazardous substances or other regulated materials on or in such property. Such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such substances or materials. The presence of such substances or materials, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may adversely affect the owner’s or operator’s ability to lease, sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances or other regulated materials may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility, whether or not such facility is owned or operated by such person. Certain environmental laws impose liability for release of asbestos-containing materials into the air and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real stores for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials. Certain environmental laws also impose liability, without regard to knowledge or fault, for removal or remediation of hazardous substances or other regulated materials upon owners and operators of contaminated property even after they no  8 longer own or operate the property. Moreover, the past or present owner or operator from which a release emanates could be liable for any personal injuries or property damages that may result from such releases, as well as any damages to natural resources that may arise from such releases. Certain environmental laws impose compliance obligations on owners and operators of real property with respect to the management of hazardous materials and other regulated substances. For example, environmental laws govern the management of asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. Failure to comply with these laws can result in penalties or other sanctions. No assurances can be given that existing environmental studies with respect to any of our stores reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of our stores did not create any material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any one or more of our stores. There also exists the risk that material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after the review was completed or may arise in the future. Finally, future laws, ordinances or regulations and future interpretations of existing laws, ordinances or regulations may impose additional material environmental liability. Costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 may result in unanticipated expenses. Under the ADA, places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. These requirements became effective in 1992. A number of additional U.S. federal, state and local laws may also require modifications to our stores, or restrict certain further renovations of the stores, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants and also could result in an order to correct any non-complying feature, which could result in substantial capital expenditures. We have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our stores to determine our compliance and we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with the ADA or other legislation. If one or more of our stores is not in compliance with the ADA or other legislation, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring the facility into compliance. If we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA or other legislation, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our securities and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to make cash distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to significant governmental regulation, which may adversely affect our results. Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to significant governmental regulation. The regulatory authorities generally have broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits and investigations of the affairs of insurance providers. As a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined or penalized or suffer an adverse judgment, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We face competition for the acquisition of stores and other assets, which may impede our ability to make future acquisitions or may increase the cost of these acquisitions. We compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment activities for acquisitions of stores and other assets, including national, regional and local operators and developers of stores. These competitors may drive up the price we pay for stores or other assets we seek to acquire or may succeed in acquiring those stores or assets themselves. In addition, our potential acquisition targets may find our competitors to be more attractive suitors because they may have greater resources, may be willing to pay more or may have a more compatible operating philosophy. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investment in stores may increase. This competition would result in increased demand for these assets and therefore increased prices paid for them. Because of an increased interest in single-store acquisitions among tax-motivated individual purchasers, we may pay higher prices if we purchase single stores in comparison with portfolio acquisitions. If we pay higher prices for stores or other assets, our profitability will be reduced. We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth. Our ability to expand through acquisitions is integral to our business strategy and requires us to identify suitable acquisition candidates or investment opportunities that meet our criteria and are compatible with our growth strategy. We may not be successful in identifying suitable stores or other assets that meet our acquisition criteria or in consummating acquisitions  9 or investments on satisfactory terms or at all. Failure to identify or consummate acquisitions will slow our growth, which could in turn adversely affect our stock price. Our ability to acquire stores on favorable terms and successfully integrate and operate them may be constrained by the following significant risks:   • competition from local investors and other real estate investors with significant capital, including other publicly-traded REITs and institutional investment funds; • competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price which could reduce our profitability; • the inability to achieve satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and other customary closing conditions; • failure to finance an acquisition on favorable terms or at all; • we may spend more than the time and amounts budgeted to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired stores; and • we may acquire stores subject to liabilities without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities such as liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by persons dealing with the former owners of the stores and claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the stores. In addition, strategic decisions by us, such as acquisitions, may adversely affect the price of our securities. We may not be successful in integrating and operating acquired stores. We have acquired many stores in the past, and we expect to continue acquiring stores in the future. If we acquire any stores, we will be required to integrate them into our existing portfolio. The acquired stores may turn out to be less compatible with our growth strategy than originally anticipated, may cause disruptions in our operations or may divert management’s attention away from day-to-day operations, which could impair our operating results as a whole. Our investments in development and redevelopment projects may not yield anticipated returns, which would harm our operating results and reduce the amount of funds available for distributions. To the extent that we engage in development and redevelopment activities, we will be subject to the following risks normally associated with these projects:   • we may be unable to obtain financing for these projects on favorable terms or at all; • we may not complete development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts; • we may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations; and • occupancy rates and rents at newly developed or redeveloped stores may fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and economic conditions, and may result in our investment not being profitable. In deciding whether to develop or redevelop a particular property, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of the store. We may underestimate the costs necessary to bring the property up to the standards established for its intended market position or may be unable to increase occupancy at a newly developed store as quickly as expected or at all. Any substantial unanticipated delays or expenses could adversely affect the investment returns from these development or redevelopment projects and harm our operating results, liquidity and financial condition, which could result in a decline in the value of our securities. We may rely on the investments of our joint venture partners for funding certain of our development and redevelopment projects. If our reputation in the self-storage industry changes or the number of investors considering us an attractive strategic partner is otherwise reduced, our ability to develop or redevelop stores could be affected, which would limit our growth. We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including financial transactions and records, personally  10 identifiable information, and tenant and lease data. We purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems depend. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential tenant and other sensitive information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not be able to prevent the systems’ improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches, can create system disruptions, shutdowns or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. While, to date, we have not experienced a security breach, this risk has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of such breaches and attempted breaches from around the world have increased. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, divert significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure Our business could be harmed if key personnel with long-standing business relationships in the self-storage industry terminate their employment with us. Our success depends on the continued services of members of our executive management team, who have substantial experience in the self-storage industry. In addition, our ability to acquire or develop stores in the future depends on the significant relationships our executive management team has developed with our institutional joint venture partners, such as affiliates of Prudential Financial, Inc. There is no guarantee that any of them will remain employed by us. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our officers. The loss of services of one or more members of our executive management team could harm our business and our prospects. We may change our investment and financing strategies and enter into new lines of business without stockholder consent, which may subject us to different risks. We may change our investment and financing strategies and enter into new lines of business at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our making investments and engaging in business activities that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments and businesses described in this document. A change in our investment strategy or our entry into new lines of business may increase our exposure to other risks or real estate market fluctuations. If other self-storage companies convert to an UPREIT structure or if tax laws change, we may no longer have an advantage in competing for potential acquisitions. Because we are structured as an UPREIT, we are a more attractive acquirer of stores to tax-motivated sellers than our competitors that are not structured as UPREITs. However, if other self-storage companies restructure their holdings to become UPREITs, this competitive advantage will disappear. In addition, new legislation may be enacted or new interpretations of existing legislation may be issued by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), or the U.S. Treasury Department that could affect the attractiveness of our UPREIT structure so that it may no longer assist us in competing for acquisitions. Tax indemnification obligations may require the Operating Partnership to maintain certain debt levels. We have provided certain tax protections to various third parties in connection with their property contributions to the Operating Partnership upon acquisition by the Company, including making available the opportunity to (1) guarantee debt or (2) enter into a special loss allocation and deficit restoration obligation. We have agreed to these provisions in order to assist these contributors in preserving their tax position after their contributions. These obligations may require us to maintain certain indebtedness levels that we would not otherwise require for our business. Our joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority. As of  December 31, 2016 , we held interests in  180  operating stores through joint ventures. Some of these arrangements could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers financial conditions and disputes between us and our co-venturers. We expect to continue our joint venture strategy by entering into more joint ventures for the purpose of developing new stores and acquiring existing stores. In such event, we would not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. The decision-making authority regarding the stores we currently hold through joint ventures is either vested exclusively with our joint venture partners, is subject to a majority vote of the joint venture partners or equally shared by us and the joint venture partners. In addition,  11 investments in partnerships, joint ventures or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or co-venturers might result in subjecting stores owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party partners or co-venturers, which could harm our financial condition. Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of our relationship with our Operating Partnership. Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof. Our directors and officers have duties to our Company under applicable Maryland law in connection with their management of our Company. At the same time, we, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, have fiduciary duties, as a general partner, to our Operating Partnership and to the limited partners under Delaware law in connection with the management of our Operating Partnership. Our duties, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, as a general partner to our Operating Partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our Company. The partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership does not require us to resolve such conflicts in favor of either our Company or the limited partners in our Operating Partnership. Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant partnership agreement, Delaware law generally requires a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership to adhere to fiduciary duty standards under which it owes its limited partners the highest duties of good faith, fairness, and loyalty and which generally prohibit such general partner from taking any action or engaging in any transaction as to which it has a conflict of interest. Additionally, the partnership agreement expressly limits our liability by providing that neither we, our direct wholly-owned Massachusetts business trust subsidiary, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, nor any of our or their trustees, directors or officers, will be liable or accountable in damages to our Operating Partnership, the limited partners or assignees for errors in judgment, mistakes of fact or law or for any act or omission if we, or such trustee, director or officer, acted in good faith. In addition, our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us, our affiliates and each of our respective trustees, officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (whether joint or several), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and other legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the Operating Partnership, provided that our Operating Partnership will not indemnify for (1) willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (2) any transaction for which such person received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement, or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. The provisions of Delaware law that allow the common law fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a partnership agreement have not been resolved in a court of law, and we have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties that would be in effect under common law were it not for the partnership agreement. Certain provisions of Maryland law and our organizational documents, including the stock ownership limit imposed by our charter, may inhibit market activity in our stock and could prevent or delay a change in control transaction. Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT and to limit any person to actual or constructive ownership of no more than 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding common stock or 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding capital stock. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a proposed transferee from the ownership limit. However, our board of directors may not grant an exemption from the ownership limit to any proposed transferee whose ownership could jeopardize our qualification as a REIT. These restrictions on ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. The ownership limit may delay or impede a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our securities or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Different ownership limits apply to the family of Kenneth M. Woolley, certain of his affiliates, family members and estates and trusts formed for the benefit of the foregoing; to Spencer F. Kirk, certain of his affiliates, family members and estates and trusts formed for the benefit of the foregoing; and to certain designated investment entities as defined in our charter. 12 Our board of directors has the power to issue additional shares of our stock in a manner that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders. Our charter authorizes our board of directors to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series without stockholder approval. In addition, our board of directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. Our board of directors could issue additional shares of our common stock or establish a series of preferred stock that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for our securities or otherwise not be in the best interests of our stockholders. Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. Maryland law provides that a director or officer has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our charter eliminates our directors’ and officers’ liability to us and our stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. Our bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers for liability resulting from actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers. To the extent our distributions represent a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our stockholders could recognize an increased capital gain upon a subsequent sale of common stock. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and not treated by us as a dividend will not be taxable to a U.S. stockholder under current U.S. federal income tax law to the extent those distributions do not exceed the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in his, her, or its common stock, but instead will constitute a return of capital and will reduce such adjusted basis. If distributions result in a reduction of a stockholder’s adjusted basis in such holder’s common stock, subsequent sales of such holder’s common stock will result in recognition of an increased capital gain or decreased capital loss due to the reduction in such adjusted basis. Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry Our primary business involves the ownership and operation of self-storage stores. Our current strategy is to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop only self-storage stores. Consequently, we are subject to risks inherent in investments in a single industry. Because investments in real estate are inherently illiquid, this strategy makes it difficult for us to diversify our investment portfolio and to limit our risk when economic conditions change. Decreases in market rents, negative tax, real estate and zoning law changes and changes in environmental protection laws may also increase our costs, lower the value of our investments and decrease our income, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our stores. Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more stores in our portfolio in response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any store for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a store. We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a store can be sold. We cannot assure you that we will have funds available to correct those defects or to make those improvements. In acquiring a store, we may agree to transfer restrictions that materially restrict us from selling that store for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that store. These transfer restrictions would impede our ability to sell a store even if we deem it necessary or appropriate. 13 Any investments in unimproved real property may take significantly longer to yield income-producing returns, if at all, and may result in additional costs to us to comply with re-zoning restrictions or environmental regulations. We have invested in the past, and may invest in the future, in unimproved real property. Unimproved properties generally take longer to yield income-producing returns based on the typical time required for development. Any development of unimproved property may also expose us to the risks and uncertainties associated with re-zoning the land for a higher use or development and environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups. Any unsuccessful investments or delays in realizing an income-producing return or increased costs to develop unimproved real estate could restrict our ability to earn our targeted rate of return on an investment or adversely affect our ability to pay operating expenses which would harm our financial condition and operating results. Any negative perceptions of the self-storage industry generally may result in a decline in our stock price. To the extent that the investing public has a negative perception of the self-storage industry, the value of our securities may be negatively impacted, which could result in our securities trading below the inherent value of our assets. Risks Related to Our Debt Financings Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain debt financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us. Uncertainty in the credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional debt financing or to refinance existing debt maturities on favorable terms (or at all), which may negatively affect our ability to make acquisitions and fund development projects. A downturn in the credit markets may cause us to seek alternative sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for us to sell stores or may adversely affect the price we receive for stores that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. Required payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash to operate our stores or to pay the distributions currently contemplated or necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had approximately  $4.4 billion  of outstanding indebtedness. We may incur additional debt in connection with future acquisitions and development. We may borrow under our Credit Lines or borrow new funds to finance these future stores. Additionally, we do not anticipate that our internally generated cash flow will be adequate to repay our existing indebtedness upon maturity and, therefore, we expect to repay our indebtedness through refinancings and equity and/or debt offerings. Further, we may need to borrow funds in order to make cash distributions to maintain our qualification as a REIT or to make our expected distributions. If we are required to utilize our Credit Lines for purposes other than acquisition activity, this will reduce the amount available for acquisitions and could slow our growth. Therefore, our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant adverse consequences, including the following:   • our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; • we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, including to make acquisitions or to continue to make distributions required to maintain our qualification as a REIT; • we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; • because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, an increase in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense; • we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our stores, possibly on disadvantageous terms; • after debt service, the amount available for cash distributions to our stockholders is reduced; • our debt level could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less debt; • we may experience increased vulnerability to economic and industry downturns, reducing our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions; • we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our stores that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases; • we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgages may enforce our guarantees; 14 • we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations; and • our default under any one of our mortgage loans with cross-default or cross-collateralization provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness or result in the foreclosures of other stores. Increases in interest rates may increase our interest expense and adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and make cash distributions to our stockholders. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had approximately  $4.4 billion  of debt outstanding, of which approximately  $1.3 billion , or  30.0%  was subject to variable interest rates (excluding debt with interest rate swaps). This variable rate debt had a weighted average interest rate of approximately  2.3%  per annum. Increases in interest rates on this variable rate debt would increase our interest expense, which could harm our cash flow and our ability to pay cash distributions. For example, if market rates of interest on this variable rate debt increased by 100 basis points, the increase in interest expense would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately  $13.1 million  annually. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations. In certain cases we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements. Hedging involves risks, such as the risk that the counterparty may fail to honor its obligations under an arrangement. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions to our stockholders. Risks Related to Qualification and Operation as a REIT To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be forced to borrow funds on a short-term basis during unfavorable market conditions. To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our net taxable income each year, excluding net capital gains, and we are subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income each year. In addition, we are subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions made by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. While historically we have satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, a REIT is permitted to satisfy these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, its own stock. Assuming we continue to satisfy these distributions requirements with cash, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis, or possibly long-term, to meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These borrowing needs could result from a difference in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt amortization payments. Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for reduced tax rates. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for dividends paid by domestic corporations to individual U.S. stockholders is 20%. Dividends paid by REITs, however, are generally not eligible for the reduced rates. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause stockholders who are individuals to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our securities. In addition, the relative attractiveness of real estate in general may be adversely affected by the favorable tax treatment given to corporate dividends, which could negatively affect the value of our stores. Possible legislative or other actions affecting REITs could adversely affect our stockholders. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect our stockholders. It cannot be predicted whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or our stockholders will be changed. 15 The power of our board of directors to revoke our REIT election without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. Our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to qualify as a REIT, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income and would no longer be required to distribute most of our net taxable income to our stockholders, which may have adverse consequences on the total return to our stockholders. Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our stock. We believe we operate in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT or lose our qualification as a REIT at any time, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution for each of the years involved because:   • we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates; • we also could be subject to the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and • unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following a year during which we were disqualified. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be subject to tax as regular corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that our U.S. individual stockholders would be taxed on our dividends at capital gains rates, and our U.S. corporate stockholders would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject, in each case, to applicable limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and are able to avail ourselves of one or more of the relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code in order to maintain our REIT status, we may nevertheless be required to pay penalty taxes of $50,000 or more for each such failure. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and could adversely affect the value of our securities. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable Treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code is greater in the case of a REIT that, like us, holds its assets through a partnership. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the composition of our assets, the sources of our gross income and the owners of our stock. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the fair market value of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding capital gains, and we will be subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income including capital gains. In addition, legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may adversely affect our investors, our ability to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments. Although we believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that is intended to allow us to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we can give no assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding our qualification as a REIT. We will pay some taxes. Even though we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay some U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. Extra Space Management, Inc. manages stores for our joint ventures and stores owned by third parties. We, jointly with Extra Space Management, Inc., elected to treat Extra Space Management, Inc. as a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”) of our Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a fully taxable corporation, and may be limited in its ability to deduct interest payments made to us. ESM Reinsurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Extra Space Management, Inc., generates income from insurance premiums that are subject to federal income tax and state insurance premiums tax. In addition, we will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain amounts if the economic arrangements among our tenants, our taxable REIT subsidiary and us are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties or if we receive payments for inventory or property held for sale to customers in the  16 ordinary course of business. Also, if we sell property as a dealer (i.e., to customers in the ordinary course of our trade or business), we will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on any gain arising from such sales. While we do not intend to sell stores as a dealer, the IRS could take a contrary position. To the extent that we are, or our taxable REIT subsidiary is, required to pay U.S. federal, state or local taxes, we will have less cash available for distribution to stockholders. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities. To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forgo attractive business or investment opportunities. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may adversely affect our ability to operate solely to maximize profits. Item 1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2.     Properties As of  December 31, 2016 , we owned or had ownership interests in  1,016  operating stores. Of these stores,  836  are wholly-owned and  180  are held in joint ventures. In addition, we managed an additional  411  stores for third parties bringing the total number of stores which we own and/or manage to  1,427 . These stores are located in  38  states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. We receive a management fee generally equal to approximately 6.0% of cash collected from total revenues to manage the joint venture and third party sites. As of  December 31, 2016 , we owned and/or managed approximately  107 million  square feet of rentable space configured in approximately  960,000  separate storage units. Approximately 70% of our stores are clustered around large population centers, such as Atlanta, Baltimore/Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, St. Petersburg/Tampa and San Francisco/Oakland. These markets contain above-average population and income demographics for stores. The clustering of assets around these population centers enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. Our acquisitions have given us an increased scale in many core markets as well as a foothold in many markets where we had no previous presence. We consider a store to be in the lease-up stage after it has been issued a certificate of occupancy, but before it has achieved stabilization. We consider a store to be stabilized once it has achieved either an 80% occupancy rate for a full year measured as of January 1 of the current year, or has been open for three years prior to the January 1 of the current year. As of  December 31, 2016 , approximately  850,000  tenants were leasing storage units at the  1,427  operating stores that we own and/or manage, primarily on a month-to-month basis, providing the flexibility to increase rental rates over time as market conditions permit. Existing tenants generally receive rate increases at least annually, for which no direct correlation has been drawn to our vacancy trends. Although leases are short-term in duration, the typical tenant tends to remain at our stores for an extended period of time. For stores that were stabilized as of  December 31, 2016 , the average length of stay was approximately  14.3  months. The average annual rent per square foot for our existing customers at stabilized stores, net of discounts and bad debt, was  $15.88  for the year ended  December 31, 2016 , compared to  $14.92  for the year ended  December 31, 2015 . Average annual rent per square foot for new leases was  $17.02  for the year ended  December 31, 2016 , compared to  $15.91  for the year ended  December 31, 2015 . The average discounts, as a percentage of rental revenues, during these periods were  3.3%  and  3.2% , respectively. Our store portfolio is made up of different types of construction and building configurations depending on the site and the municipality where it is located. Most often sites are what we consider “hybrid” facilities, a mix of both drive-up buildings and multi-floor buildings. We have a number of multi-floor buildings with elevator access only, and a number of facilities featuring ground-floor access only. The following table presents additional information regarding the occupancy of our stabilized stores by state as of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 . The information as of  December 31, 2015 , is on a pro forma basis as though all the stores owned at  December 31, 2016 , were under our control as of  December 31, 2015 . Stabilized Store Data Based on Location        Company     Pro forma     Company     Pro forma    Company   Pro forma  Location   Number of Stores    Number of Units as of December 31, 2016  (1)   Number of Units as of December 31, 2015   Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2016  (2)   Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2015    Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2016     Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2015   Wholly-Owned Stores              Alabama 8   4,635   4,585   556,241   559,526   89.3 %   88.3 % Arizona 21   12,795   12,677   1,408,358   1,414,864   91.7 %   90.4 % California 143   109,771   108,156   11,425,653   11,399,051   93.8 %   94.8 % Colorado 13   6,685   6,562   823,284   822,499   89.6 %   89.4 % Connecticut 6   3,856   3,847   395,257   395,411   91.4 %   92.7 % Florida 77   55,459   54,612   5,873,089   5,848,836   92.6 %   92.8 % Georgia 48   28,956   28,281   3,715,001   3,698,127   90.4 %   90.1 % Hawaii 9   8,534   8,445   602,171   599,373   95.2 %   92.1 % Illinois 25   17,359   17,139   1,913,921   1,930,543   90.1 %   89.6 % Indiana 15   7,848   7,718   940,069   944,399   91.2 %   88.5 % Kansas 1   533   532   49,999   49,991   97.6 %   91.9 % Kentucky 10   5,874   5,840   756,870   755,610   90.0 %   86.2 % Louisiana 2   1,406   1,406   149,930   150,090   93.7 %   92.1 % Maryland 28   21,372   21,271   2,189,772   2,191,424   90.6 %   91.3 % Massachusetts 37   23,124   22,891   2,295,634   2,305,068   91.0 %   92.2 % Minnesota 1   765   765   74,400   74,400   73.2 %   76.7 % Mississippi 3   1,510   1,477   217,922   221,482   87.2 %   81.9 % Missouri 6   3,292   3,238   386,161   385,961   90.7 %   93.2 % Nevada 15   9,110   9,132   1,313,820   1,314,665   92.9 %   89.9 % New Hampshire 2   1,045   1,029   126,053   126,133   91.9 %   93.0 % New Jersey 58   45,721   45,213   4,498,968   4,495,243   92.6 %   91.5 % New Mexico 12   6,590   6,575   748,843   750,433   91.7 %   91.9 % New York 22   20,088   20,022   1,651,030   1,648,534   90.1 %   91.7 % North Carolina 11   6,876   6,806   761,677   761,323   90.5 %   92.0 % Ohio 17   9,534   9,460   1,248,860   1,246,238   91.7 %   91.0 % Oregon 3   2,140   2,156   250,180   250,130   91.2 %   92.7 % Pennsylvania 14   9,667   9,651   1,047,731   1,044,720   90.3 %   87.3 % Rhode Island 2   1,280   1,235   131,421   131,356   93.9 %   91.4 % South Carolina 20   11,331   11,228   1,509,641   1,515,789   88.3 %   87.5 % Tennessee 23   12,869   12,723   1,764,606   1,781,216   90.6 %   89.1 % Texas 85   55,509   54,871   7,151,963   7,112,255   88.7 %   89.3 % Utah 8   4,394   4,231   543,202   523,056   88.8 %   94.1 % Virginia 39   29,909   29,484   3,164,742   3,163,910   90.4 %   89.5 % Washington 7   4,301   4,285   509,278   509,358   95.2 %   91.1 % Washington, DC 1   1,220   1,214   99,689   99,439   93.8 %   91.5 % Total Wholly-Owned Stabilized 796   547,748   541,116   60,618,052   60,543,119   91.4 %   91.3 %                            Joint-Venture Stores              Alabama 1   619   601   75,356   74,866   91.2 %   93.4 % Arizona 6   3,745   3,689   429,173   428,724   94.9 %   93.6 % California 47   34,034   33,526   3,283,592   3,277,679   94.4 %   95.2 % Colorado 2   1,313   1,308   157,986   158,375   89.2 %   93.9 % Connecticut 5   3,762   3,763   403,910   404,790   92.2 %   92.8 % Delaware 1   518   597   64,510   71,610   93.0 %   81.2 % Florida 12   10,010   9,894   1,003,254   1,002,944   91.8 %   93.8 % Georgia 1   611   605   81,820   81,950   85.5 %   89.5 % Illinois 4   2,691   2,695   288,115   287,400   90.6 %   89.6 % Indiana 1   445   446   56,650   57,114   94.7 %   91.4 % Kansas 2   846   846   109,375   109,165   91.4 %   90.5 % Kentucky 3   1,377   1,449   153,895   171,525   91.6 %   85.5 % Maryland 7   5,896   5,860   529,369   529,527   90.6 %   91.7 % Massachusetts 9   5,111   5,008   534,107   536,027   92.1 %   91.7 % Michigan 5   3,203   3,166   396,179   395,764   92.7 %   92.7 % Missouri 1   543   538   61,375   61,075   89.2 %   91.7 % Nevada 2   1,209   1,203   123,565   123,495   94.2 %   94.5 % New Hampshire 2   796   801   83,685   85,111   90.5 %   94.8 % New Jersey 13   10,377   10,288   1,030,147   1,028,267   91.2 %   92.2 % New Mexico 2   1,046   1,048   134,371   134,115   90.5 %   91.3 % New York 8   7,721   7,668   650,917   648,615   93.1 %   93.1 % Ohio 5   2,879   2,860   381,432   381,462   90.5 %   89.6 % Oregon 1   651   655   64,970   64,970   93.7 %   94.0 % Pennsylvania 4   2,684   2,680   312,895   311,091   90.9 %   88.2 % Tennessee 6   3,824   3,774   474,790   474,875   92.2 %   91.5 % Texas 10   5,795   5,725   672,669   673,611   89.8 %   93.9 % Virginia 7   5,091   5,074   514,037   513,932   88.0 %   89.6 % Washington, DC 1   1,694   1,547   104,450   102,488   88.1 %   89.4 % Total Joint-Venture Stabilized 168   118,491   117,314   12,176,594   12,190,567   92.2 %   92.8 %                            Managed Stores              Alabama 11   5,755   5,596   754,204   738,753   90.5 %   88.0 % Arizona 2   1,122   1,055   156,791   166,623   92.8 %   96.0 % California 72   49,282   48,538   5,897,368   5,826,771   93.5 %   92.2 % Colorado 16   8,988   8,733   1,067,294   1,035,678   86.8 %   85.5 % Connecticut 2   1,414   1,312   182,140   171,775   92.4 %   93.4 % Florida 46   31,743   31,622   3,823,063   3,838,650   92.5 %   92.4 % Georgia 8   4,069   3,921   578,752   580,042   93.0 %   92.5 % Hawaii 6   4,578   4,817   352,453   349,952   91.9 %   92.5 % Illinois 11   6,489   6,518   698,319   698,247   90.4 %   83.8 % Indiana 4   2,022   2,017   238,283   237,493   91.0 %   84.6 % Kentucky 2   1,331   1,333   218,707   219,777   89.0 %   90.8 % Louisiana 1   987   985   133,325   131,865   95.0 %   90.9 % Maryland 19   14,008   13,924   1,370,012   1,366,149   91.2 %   87.5 % Massachusetts 3   1,546   1,531   182,945   182,735   93.3 %   94.7 % Michigan 6   3,352   3,335   416,434   416,290   92.4 %   86.3 % Missouri 4   2,154   2,215   253,639   251,792   92.3 %   80.5 % Nevada 10   7,956   7,986   944,870   944,420   91.8 %   87.1 % New Jersey 5   3,181   3,176   307,035   309,529   91.8 %   88.9 % New Mexico 1   819   806   107,695   103,535   92.7 %   86.4 % New York 3   2,675   2,679   219,448   220,248   89.5 %   91.2 % North Carolina 17   7,264   7,212   1,013,263   1,012,737   92.7 %   91.3 % Ohio 5   2,268   2,206   274,870   272,915   90.5 %   92.7 % Oklahoma 11   5,771   5,768   959,984   960,786   80.7 %   80.5 % Oregon 1   447   455   39,430   39,419   91.1 %   97.7 % Pennsylvania 18   10,747   10,649   1,247,860   1,244,340   91.3 %   90.4 % South Carolina 4   2,619   2,609   351,148   348,771   93.1 %   89.2 % Tennessee 4   2,152   2,125   282,263   290,183   94.0 %   90.4 % Texas 34   19,788   19,545   2,808,646   2,730,806   85.9 %   87.5 % Utah 5   2,760   2,532   404,827   380,047   93.6 %   92.2 % Virginia 7   4,245   4,242   437,319   437,929   89.3 %   89.3 % Washington 3   1,552   1,561   181,697   181,769   89.1 %   87.9 % Puerto Rico 4   2,735   2,676   289,704   286,772   87.3 %   87.4 % Total Managed Stabilized 345   215,819   213,679   26,193,788   25,976,798   90.9 %   89.7 % Total Stabilized Stores 1,309   882,058   872,109   98,988,434   98,710,484   91.4 %   91.0 % (1) Represents unit count as of  December 31, 2016 , which may differ from unit count as of  December 31, 2015 , due to unit conversions or expansions. (2) Represents net rentable square feet as of  December 31, 2016 , which may differ from net rentable square feet as of  December 31, 2015 , due to unit conversions or expansions. The following table presents additional information regarding the occupancy of our lease-up stores by state as of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 . The information as of  December 31, 2015 , is on a pro forma basis as though all the stores owned at  December 31, 2016 , were under our control as of  December 31, 2015 . Lease-up Store Data Based on Location        Company     Pro forma     Company     Pro forma    Company   Pro forma  Location   Number of Stores    Number of Units as of December 31, 2016  (1)   Number of Units as of December 31, 2015   Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2016  (2)   Net Rentable Square Feet as of December 31, 2015    Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2016     Square Foot Occupancy % December 31, 2015   Wholly-Owned Stores              Arizona 2   1,496   894   185,887   122,092   90.5 %   72.9 % California  (3) 4   2,633   1,210   260,216   133,252   73.1 %   37.7 % Connecticut 1   1,108   1,107   89,820   89,820   92.3 %   90.0 % Florida 2   1,238   1,235   153,893   158,283   92.9 %   67.5 % Georgia 5   3,115   1,898   352,755   219,515   67.4 %   63.5 % Illinois 4   3,568   1,667   308,723   134,464   56.7 %   69.8 % Maryland 1   988   988   103,135   103,135   94.2 %   89.8 % Massachusetts 3   2,719   754   206,276   67,431   68.4 %   79.8 % North Carolina 3   2,517   1,986   231,083   187,024   73.1 %   52.3 % Oregon 1   597   597   76,797   76,347   96.2 %   67.9 % South Carolina 2   1,366   1,344   137,295   137,350   82.2 %   65.7 % Texas 10   6,112   6,131   788,381   716,894   84.8 %   68.0 % Utah 1   617   —   77,336   —   20.7 %   — % Virginia 1   558   502   55,900   56,405   93.6 %   89.2 % Total Wholly-Owned in Lease-up 40   28,632   20,313   3,027,497   2,202,012   76.9 %   67.4 %              Joint-Venture Stores              Arizona 1   603   606   62,200   62,200   87.1 %   39.2 % Colorado 1   816   —   84,830   —   38.1 %   — % Florida 1   637   —   66,816   —   1.5 %   — % New Jersey 1   869   873   74,152   74,521   92.8 %   45.3 % New York 3   3,853   1,109   209,522   66,950   49.6 %   25.7 % Oregon 2   795   285   71,605   27,100   45.1 %   31.8 % South Carolina 1   669   649   78,085   70,570   66.4 %   28.0 % Texas 1   533   —   55,275   —   58.6 %   — % Washington 1   634   —   82,485   —   66.8 %   — % Total Joint-Venture in Lease-up 12   9,409   3,522   784,970   301,341   55.0 %   34.4 %              Managed Stores              Arizona 1   836   —   89,695   —   62.9 %   — % California 5   3,920   1,608   491,191   209,030   66.1 %   58.4 % Colorado 4   2,417   1,173   273,520   134,844   64.1 %   59.0 % Connecticut 1   360   —   37,436   —   71.6 %   — % Florida 3   1,994   1,407   194,571   150,438   88.1 %   60.3 % Georgia 3   1,922   553   225,376   69,367   43.5 %   54.4 % Illinois 8   4,919   672   492,235   46,417   34.3 %   83.6 % Indiana 2   964   —   111,112   —   45.3 %   — % Kentucky 2   1,439   —   138,076   —   8.0 %   — % Maryland 3   1,726   1,318   144,230   115,650   84.8 %   75.7 % Massachusetts 2   1,920   902   153,533   70,106   48.0 %   56.7 % Minnesota 1   626   —   62,597   —   93.8 %   — % Missouri 1   608   —   63,100   —   41.6 %   — % Nevada 1   1,450   1,470   197,351   196,486   88.8 %   66.2 % New Hampshire 1   372   —   35,196   —   47.6 %   — % New Jersey 2   882   —   126,396   —   43.6 %   — % New York 1   534   344   56,150   33,684   77.0 %   91.0 % North Carolina 7   4,284   1,611   464,431   199,433   55.1 %   54.2 % Ohio 2   736   528   87,663   64,500   60.7 %   59.3 % Oklahoma 1   360   —   68,235   —   13.6 %   — % South Carolina 4   2,905   1,616   325,511   165,011   48.6 %   65.6 % Texas 7   4,846   570   534,569   65,409   22.8 %   2.4 % Utah 1   375   —   44,149   —   62.9 %   — % Virginia 1   455   455   51,299   51,289   91.0 %   93.2 % Wisconsin 2   1,935   —   226,813   —   21.0 %   — % Total Managed in Lease-up 66   42,785   14,227   4,694,435   1,571,664   50.6 %   61.1 %                             Total Lease-up Stores 118   80,826   38,062   8,506,902   4,075,017   60.4 %   62.5 % (1) Represents unit count as of  December 31, 2016 , which may differ from unit count as of  December 31, 2015 , due to unit conversions or expansions. (2) Represents net rentable square feet as of  December 31, 2016 , which may differ from net rentable square feet as of  December 31, 2015 , due to unit conversions or expansions. (3) In October 2014, a store located in Venice, California was damaged by fire. In 2016, the store was re-opened for operation and is continuing to lease up. Item 3.     Legal Proceedings We are involved in various legal proceedings and are subject to various claims and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the outcome of these matters cannot presently be determined with any degree of certainty. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, management establishes an accrued liability for litigation when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. The estimated loss, if any, is based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment, a variety of assumptions, and known and unknown uncertainties. Therefore, any estimate(s) of loss disclosed below represents what management believes to be an estimate of loss only for certain matters meeting these criteria and does not represent our maximum loss exposure. We could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any particular period, notwithstanding the fact that we are currently vigorously defending any legal proceedings against us. We currently have several legal proceedings pending against us that include causes of action alleging wrongful foreclosure, violations of various state specific self-storage statutes, and violations of various consumer fraud acts. As a result of these litigation matters, we have recorded a liability of  $5.6 million  which is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not Applicable. PART II Item 5.     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock has been traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “EXR” since our IPO on August 17, 2004. Prior to that time there was no public market for our common stock. The following table presents, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales price for our common stock as reported by the NYSE and the per share dividends declared:         Range   Dividends Declared Year Quarter   High   Low   2015 1st   $ 67.65   $ 57.11   $ 0.47   2nd   70.50   63.54   0.59   3rd   77.51   65.82   0.59   4th   90.22   75.55   0.59                 2016 1st   93.46   78.42   0.59   2nd   94.04   84.95   0.78   3rd   94.38   76.17   0.78   4th   77.66   68.78   0.78 On  February 21, 2017 , the closing price of our common stock as reported by the NYSE was  $78.37 . At  February 21, 2017 , we had  355  holders of record of our common stock. Certain shares of the Company are held in “street” name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number. Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to receive distributions when declared by our board of directors out of any assets legally available for that purpose. As a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our “REIT taxable  17 income,” which is generally equivalent to our net taxable ordinary income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid to our stockholders annually in order to maintain our REIT qualification for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  We have historically made regular quarterly distributions to our stockholders. Information about our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities On November 8, 2016, our Operating Partnership issued  486,244  Series D-4 Preferred Units in connection with the acquisition of a store located in Illinois.  This store was acquired in exchange for the Series D-4 Preferred Units, valued at  $12.2  million. On November 2, 2016, our Operating Partnership issued  77,575  common OP units ("OP Units") in connection with the acquisition of a store located in Maryland.  The store was acquired in exchange for the OP units, valued at  $5.8  million, and approximately  $9.0  million in cash. The terms of the common and preferred OP Units are governed by the Operating Partnership’s Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership. The OP Units will be redeemable, at the option of the holders following the expiration of a lock-up period commencing on the date of issuance and ending on August 15, 2018, which redemption obligation may be satisfied, at our option, in cash or shares of our common stock. The OP Units were issued in private placements in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. All other unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2016 have previously been disclosed in filings with the SEC. Item 6.     Selected Financial Data The following table presents selected financial data and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” and Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Form 10-K (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data). 18   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012 Revenues:                   Property rental  $ 864,742   $ 676,138   $ 559,868   $ 446,682   $ 346,874 Tenant reinsurance, management fees and other income 127,133   106,132   87,287   73,931   62,522 Total revenues 991,875   782,270   647,155   520,613   409,396 Expenses:                   Property operations 250,005   203,965   172,416   140,012   114,028 Tenant reinsurance 15,555   13,033   10,427   9,022   7,869 Acquisition related costs and other 12,111   69,401   9,826   8,618   5,351 General and administrative  81,806   67,758   60,942   54,246   50,454 Depreciation and amortization 182,560   133,457   115,076   95,232   74,453 Total expenses 542,037   487,614   368,687   307,130   252,155 Income from operations 449,838   294,656   278,468   213,483   157,241 Interest expense (138,459 )   (98,992 )   (84,013 )   (73,034 )   (72,294 ) Interest income 10,998   8,311   6,457   5,599   6,666 Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition, gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisitions, sale of other assets and property casualty loss, net 8,465   1,501   (12,009 )   (8,193 )   — Income before equity in earnings of real estate ventures and income tax expense 330,842   205,476   188,903   137,855   91,613 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 12,895   12,351   10,541   11,653   10,859 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners' interests 69,199   2,857   4,022   46,032   30,630 Income tax expense (15,847 )   (11,148 )   (7,570 )   (9,984 )   (5,413 ) Net income 397,089   209,536   195,896   185,556   127,689 Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests (30,962 )   (20,062 )   (17,541 )   (13,480 )   (10,380 ) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 366,127   $ 189,474   $ 178,355   $ 172,076   $ 117,309                     Earnings per common share                   Basic $ 2.92   $ 1.58   $ 1.54   $ 1.54   $ 1.15 Diluted $ 2.91   $ 1.56   $ 1.53   $ 1.53   $ 1.14 Weighted average number of shares                   Basic 125,087,554   119,816,743   115,713,807   111,349,361   101,766,385 Diluted 125,948,076   126,918,869   121,435,267   113,105,094   103,767,365 Cash dividends paid per common share   $ 2.93   $ 2.24   $ 1.81   $ 1.45   $ 0.85 19   As of December 31,   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012 Balance Sheet Data                   Total assets $ 7,091,446   $ 6,071,407   $ 4,381,987   $ 3,977,140   $ 3,223,477 Total notes payable, notes payable to trusts, exchangeable senior notes and revolving lines of credit, net $ 4,306,223   $ 3,535,621   $ 2,349,764   $ 1,946,647   $ 1,577,599 Noncontrolling interests $ 351,274   $ 283,527   $ 174,558   $ 173,425   $ 53,524 Total stockholders' equity $ 2,244,892   $ 2,089,077   $ 1,737,425   $ 1,758,470   $ 1,491,807 Other Data                   Net cash provided by operating activities $ 539,263   $ 367,329   $ 337,581   $ 271,259   $ 215,879 Net cash used in investing activities $ (1,032,035 )   $ (1,625,664 )   $ (564,948 )   $ (366,976 )   $ (606,938 ) Net cash provided by financing activities $ 460,831   $ 1,286,471   $ 148,307   $ 191,655   $ 395,360 Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. We make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this Form 10-K entitled “Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information.” Certain risk factors may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see the section in this Form 10-K entitled “Risk Factors.” Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data. Overview We are a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, formed to continue the business commenced in 1977 by Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed stores. At  December 31, 2016 , we owned, had ownership interests in, or managed  1,427  operating stores in  38  states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. Of these  1,427  operating stores, we owned  836 , we held joint venture interests in  180  stores, and our taxable REIT subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc., operated an additional  411  stores that are owned by third parties. These operating stores contain approximately  107 million  square feet of rentable space in approximately  960,000  units and currently serve a customer base of approximately  850,000  tenants. Our stores are generally situated in convenient, highly visible locations clustered around large population centers such as Atlanta, Baltimore/Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, St. Petersburg/Tampa and San Francisco/Oakland. These areas all enjoy above average population growth and income levels. The clustering of our assets around these population centers enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. We consider a store to be in the lease-up stage after it has been issued a certificate of occupancy, but before it has achieved stabilization. We consider a store to be stabilized once it has achieved either an 80% occupancy rate for a full year measured as of January 1 of the current year, or has been open for three years prior to the January 1 of the current year. To maximize the performance of our stores, we employ industry-leading revenue management systems. Developed by our management team, these systems enable us to analyze, set and adjust rental rates in real time across our portfolio in order to respond to changing market conditions. We believe our systems and processes allow us to more proactively manage revenues. We derive substantially all of our revenues from rents received from tenants under leases at each of our wholly-owned stores, from management fees on the stores we manage for joint-venture partners and unaffiliated third parties, and from our tenant reinsurance program. Our management fee is generally equal to approximately 6.0% of cash collected from total revenues generated by the managed stores. We also receive an asset management fee of 0.5% of the total asset value from one of our joint ventures. We operate in competitive markets, often where consumers have multiple stores from which to choose. Competition has impacted, and will continue to impact, our store results. We experience seasonal fluctuations in occupancy levels, with occupancy levels generally higher in the summer months due to increased moving activity. Our operating results depend materially on our ability to lease available self-storage units, to actively manage unit rental rates, and on the ability of our  20 tenants to make required rental payments. We believe that we are able to respond quickly and effectively to changes in local, regional and national economic conditions by adjusting rental rates through the combination of our revenue management team and our industry-leading technology systems. We continue to evaluate a range of new initiatives and opportunities in order to enable us to maximize stockholder value. Our strategies to maximize stockholder value include the following:   • Maximize the performance of our stores through strategic, efficient and proactive management.  We pursue revenue-generating and expense-minimizing opportunities in our operations. Our revenue management team seeks to maximize revenue by responding to changing market conditions through our advanced technology system’s ability to provide real-time, interactive rental rate and discount management. Our size allows us greater ability than the majority of our competitors to implement more effective online marketing programs, which we believe will attract more customers to our stores at a lower net cost. • Acquire self-storage stores.  Our acquisitions team continues to pursue the acquisition of multi-store portfolios and single stores that we believe can provide stockholder value. We have established a reputation as a reliable, ethical buyer, which we believe enhances our ability to negotiate and close acquisitions. In addition, we believe our status as an UPREIT enables flexibility when structuring deals. We continue to review available acquisitions. As interest rates increase, our expectation is that capitalization rates will also increase and that prices will begin to decrease.  We remain a disciplined buyer and only execute acquisitions that we believe will strengthen our portfolio and increase stockholder value. • Expand our management business.  Our management business enables us to generate increased revenues through management fees and expand our geographic footprint. We believe this expanded footprint enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. In addition, we see our management business as a future acquisition pipeline. We pursue strategic relationships with owners whose stores would enhance our portfolio in the event an opportunity arises to acquire such stores. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those that impact our most critical accounting policies. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. A summary of significant accounting policies is also provided in the notes to our consolidated financial statements (see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements). Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the following are our most critical accounting policies: CONSOLIDATION:  Arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights are accounted for as variable interest entities (“VIEs”). An enterprise is required to consolidate a VIE if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. A VIE is created when (i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (ii) the entity’s equity holders as a group either: (a) lack the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they occur, or (c) do not have the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity if they occur. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE, the enterprise that is deemed to have a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that provides the enterprise with a controlling financial interest in the VIE is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. We have concluded that under certain circumstances when we enter into arrangements for the formation of joint ventures, a VIE may be created under condition (i) or (ii)(b) or (ii)(c) of the previous paragraph. For each VIE created, we have performed a qualitative analysis, including considering which party, if any, has the power to direct the activities most significant to the economic performance of each VIE and whether that party has the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. If we are determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the assets, liabilities and operations of the VIE are consolidated with our financial statements. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had no consolidated VIEs. Additionally, our Operating Partnership has notes payable to three trusts that are VIEs under condition (ii)(a) above. Since the Operating Partnership is not the primary beneficiary of the trusts, these VIEs are not consolidated. 21 REAL ESTATE ASSETS:  Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Direct and allowable internal costs associated with the development, construction, renovation, and improvement of real estate assets are capitalized. Interest, property taxes, and other costs associated with development incurred during the construction period are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major replacements and betterments that improve or extend the life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the buildings and improvements, which are generally between 5 and 39 years. In connection with our acquisition of operating stores, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired based on their fair values, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, is determined as if vacant. Intangible assets, which represent the value of existing tenant relationships, are recorded at their fair values based on the avoided cost to replace the current leases. We measure the value of tenant relationships based on the rent lost due to the amount of time required to replace existing customers, which is based on our historical experience with turnover in our facilities. Debt assumed as part of an acquisition is recorded at fair value based on current interest rates compared to contractual rates. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred. Stores purchased at the time of certificate of occupancy issuance are considered asset acquisitions.  As such, the purchase price is allocated to the land and buildings acquired based on their fair values.  Any debt assumed as part of the acquisition is recorded at fair value based on current interest rates compared to contractual rates.  Acquisition-related transactions costs are capitalized as part of the purchase price. Intangible lease rights include: (1) purchase price amounts allocated to leases on  three  stores that cannot be classified as ground or building leases; these rights are amortized to expense over the term of the leases; and (2) intangibles related to ground leases on  eight  stores where the ground leases were assumed by us at rates that were different than the current market rates for similar leases. The value associated with these assumed leases were recorded as intangibles, which will be amortized over the lease terms. EVALUATION OF ASSET IMPAIRMENT:  Long lived assets held for use are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. We review each store at least annually to determine if any such events or circumstances have occurred or exist. We focus on stores where occupancy and/or rental income have decreased by a significant amount. For these stores, we determine whether the decrease is temporary or permanent and whether the store will likely recover the lost occupancy and/or revenue in the short term. In addition, we review stores in the lease-up stage and compare actual operating results to original projections. When we determine that an event that may indicate impairment has occurred, we compare the carrying value of the related long-lived assets to the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. An impairment loss is recorded if the net carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. The impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the assets. When real estate assets are identified as held for sale, we discontinue depreciating the assets and estimate the fair value of the assets, net of selling costs. If the estimated fair value, net of selling costs, of the assets that have been identified as held for sale is less than the net carrying value of the assets, we would recognize a loss on the disposal group classified as held for sale. The operations of assets held for sale or sold during the period are presented as part of normal operations for all periods presented. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES:  Our investments in real estate joint ventures where we have significant influence but not control, and joint ventures which are VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Under the equity method, our investment in real estate ventures is stated at cost and adjusted for our share of net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions. Equity in earnings of real estate ventures is generally recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate ventures. For the purposes of presentation in the statement of cash flows, we follow the “look through” approach for classification of distributions from joint ventures. Under this approach, distributions are reported under operating cash flow unless the facts and circumstances of a specific distribution clearly indicate that it is a return of capital (e.g., a liquidating dividend or distribution of the proceeds from the joint venture’s sale of assets) in which case it is reported as an investing activity. 22 Our management assesses annually whether there are any indicators that the value of our investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures may be impaired and when events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. An investment is impaired if management’s estimate of the fair value of the investment, using significant unobservable inputs, is less than its carrying value. To the extent impairment has occurred and is considered to be other than temporary, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of the investment. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES:  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. Derivatives used to hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives used to hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. For derivatives designated as fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative and the hedged item related to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is initially reported in other comprehensive income, outside of earnings and subsequently reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings. REVENUE AND EXPENSE RECOGNITION:  Rental revenues are recognized as earned based upon amounts that are currently due from tenants. Leases are generally on month-to-month terms. Prepaid rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. Promotional discounts are recognized as a reduction to rental income over the promotional period. Late charges, administrative fees, merchandise sales and truck rentals are recognized in income when earned. Management fee revenues are recognized monthly as services are performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. Equity in earnings of real estate entities is recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate entities. Interest income is recognized as earned. Property expenses, including utilities, property taxes, repairs and maintenance and other costs to manage the facilities are recognized as incurred. We accrue for property tax expense based upon invoice amounts, estimates and historical trends. If these estimates are incorrect, the timing of expense recognition could be affected. Tenant reinsurance premiums are recognized as revenue over the period of insurance coverage. We record an unpaid claims liability at the end of each period based on existing unpaid claims and historical claims payment history. The unpaid claims liability represents an estimate of the ultimate cost to settle all unpaid claims as of each period end, including both reported but unpaid claims and claims that may have been incurred but have not been reported. We use a third party claims administrator to adjust all tenant reinsurance claims received. The administrator evaluates each claim to determine the ultimate claim loss and includes an estimate for claims that may have been incurred but not reported. Annually, a third party actuary evaluates the adequacy of the unpaid claims liability. Prior year claim reserves are adjusted as experience develops or new information becomes known. The impact of such adjustments is included in the current period operations. The unpaid claims liability is not discounted to its present value. Each tenant chooses the amount of insurance coverage they want through the tenant reinsurance program. Tenants can purchase policies in amounts of two thousand dollars to ten thousand dollars of insurance coverage in exchange for a monthly fee. Our exposure per claim is limited by the maximum amount of coverage chosen by each tenant. We purchase reinsurance for losses exceeding a set amount on any one event. We do not currently have any amounts recoverable under the reinsurance arrangements. INCOME TAXES:  We have elected to be treated as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, among other things, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of our income and assets. As a REIT, we are not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of our income which meets certain criteria and is distributed annually to our stockholders. We plan to continue to operate so that we meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. If we were to fail to meet these requirements, we would be subject to federal income tax. We are subject to certain state and local taxes. Provision for such taxes has been included in income tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations. We have elected to treat one of our corporate subsidiaries, Extra Space Management, Inc., as a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”). In general, our TRS may perform additional services for tenants and generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business. A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred. 23 RECENT ACCOUNT PRONOUNCEMENTS:   For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements affecting our business, see Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data–Recently Issued Accounting Standards.” RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Comparison of the Year Ended  December 31, 2016  to the Year Ended  December 31, 2015   Overview Results for the year ended  December 31, 2016  included the operations of  1,016  stores ( 836  wholly-owned,  one  in a consolidated joint venture, and  179  in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method) compared to the results for the year ended  December 31, 2015 , which included the operations of  999  stores ( 746  wholly-owned,  one  in a consolidated joint venture, and  252  in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method). Revenues The following table presents information on revenues earned for the years indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,           2016   2015   $ Change   % Change Revenues:               Property rental $ 864,742   $ 676,138   $ 188,604   27.9 % Tenant reinsurance 87,291   71,971   15,320   21.3 % Management fees and other income 39,842   34,161   5,681   16.6 % Total revenues $ 991,875   $ 782,270   $ 209,605   26.8 % Property Rental— The increase in property rental revenues for the year ended  December 31, 2016  was primarily the result of an increase of  $144,985  associated with acquisitions completed in  2016  and  2015 .  We acquired  99  stores during the year ended  December 31, 2016  and 171 stores during the year ended December 31,  2015 .  Property rental revenue also increased by  $42,171  during the year ended  December 31, 2016  as a result of increases in rental rates to new and existing customers at our stabilized stores.  Revenues at our lease-up stores increased by  $3,439  for the year ended  December 31, 2016  due primarily to increases in occupancy. The achieved rental rate to new tenants on wholly owned properties for the year ended  December 31, 2016  increased an average of approximately  7.0%  over the prior year.  These increases were offset by decreases in property revenue of  $1,991  for the year ended December 31,  2016  related to the sales of stores during  2016 . Tenant Reinsurance —The increase in tenant reinsurance revenues was due primarily to the increase in stores operated. We operated  1,427  stores at  December 31, 2016 , compared to  1,347  stores at  December 31, 2015 .  Management Fees and Other Income —Our TRS manages stores owned by our joint ventures and third parties. Management fees generally represent 6.0% of cash collected from stores owned by third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. We also earn an asset management fee from the Storage Portfolio I (“SPI”) joint venture, equal to 0.50% multiplied by the total asset value, provided certain conditions are met. The increase in management fees is due primarily to an increase in the revenues at the stores we managed.   At  December 31, 2016 , we managed  591  stores for third parties and non-consolidated joint ventures, compared to  601  stores at  December 31, 2015 .  The decrease in the number of stores managed is due primarily to our acquisition of 40 stores from our joint ventures during 2016. 24 Expenses The following table presents information on expenses for the years indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,           2016   2015   $ Change   % Change Expenses:               Property operations $ 250,005   $ 203,965   $ 46,040   22.6  % Tenant reinsurance  15,555   13,033   2,522   19.4  % Acquisition related costs and other 12,111   69,401   (57,290 )   (82.5 )% General and administrative 81,806   67,758   14,048   20.7  % Depreciation and amortization 182,560   133,457   49,103   36.8  % Total expenses $ 542,037   $ 487,614   $ 54,423   11.2  % Property Operations —The increase in property operations expense consists primarily of an increase of  $45,055  related to acquisitions completed in  2016  and  2015 . We acquired  99  operating stores during the year ended  December 31, 2016  and 171 stores during the year ended  December 31, 2015 . Tenant Reinsurance —Tenant reinsurance expense represents the costs that are incurred to provide tenant reinsurance. The change is due primarily to the increase in the number of stores we owned and/or managed. At  December 31, 2016 , we owned and/or managed  1,427  stores compared to  1,347  stores at  December 31, 2015 .  Acquisition Related Costs and Other— These costs relate primarily to acquisition activities during the periods indicated. The decrease in these expenses for the year ended  December 31, 2016  compared to the prior year was due to a decrease in the number of acquisitions.  We acquired  99  properties during the year ended  December 31, 2016  compared to  171  during the prior year.  Included in the acquisitions completed in 2015 was the acquisition of SmartStop Self Storage Inc. ("SmartStop") on October 1, 2015.  As part of this acquisition, we recorded an expense of $38,360 related to defeasance costs and prepayment penalties incurred related to the repayment of SmartStop's existing debt as of the acquisition date.  We incurred $8,053 of professional fess/closing costs, $6,338 of severance-related costs, $1,327 of other payroll-related costs and $9,043 of other acquisition related costs as a result of the acquisition of SmartStop, for a total of $63,121. General and Administrative— General and administrative expenses primarily include all expenses not directly related to our stores, including corporate payroll, travel and professional fees. These expenses are recognized as incurred. General and administrative expenses for the year ended  December 31, 2016  increased when compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to the overall cost associated with the management of additional stores. At  December 31, 2016 , we owned and/or managed  1,427  stores compared to  1,347  stores at  December 31, 2015 .  Additionally, during  2016 , we accrued a  $4,000  expense related to the potential settlement of a legal action. We did not observe any material trends in specific payroll, travel or other expenses that contributed significantly to the increase in general and administrative expenses apart from the increase due to the management of additional stores. Depreciation and Amortization —Depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the acquisition of new stores. We acquired  99  operating stores during the year ended  December 31, 2016 , and  171  operating stores during the year ended  December 31, 2015 . 25 Other Income and Expenses The following table presents information on other revenues and expenses for the years indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,           2016   2015   $ Change   % Change Other income and expenses:               Gain on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets $ 8,465   $ 1,501   $ 6,964   464.0  % Interest expense (133,479 )   (95,682 )   (37,797 )   39.5  % Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes (4,980 )   (3,310 )   (1,670 )   50.5  % Interest income 6,148   3,461   2,687   77.6  % Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 4,850   4,850   —   — Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 12,895   12,351   544   4.4  % Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners' interests 69,199   2,857   66,342   2,322.1  % Income tax expense (15,847 )   (11,148 )   (4,699 )   42.2  % Total other expense, net $ (52,749 )   $ (85,120 )   $ 32,371   (38.0 )%                 Gain on Real Estate Transactions, Earnout from Prior Acquisition and Sale of Other Assets—  During the year ended December 31, 2016, through various transactions, we sold a total of  nine  stores located in Indiana, Ohio and Texas.  We received a total of  $22,002  in cash and  85,452  of our OP Units valued at  $7,689  in exchange for these stores.  The Operating Partnership has canceled the OP Units received.  We recognized a total gain of  $11,358  related to these dispositions. During 2014, we acquired a portfolio of five stores. As part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired stores exceeded a specified amount of net operating income for the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2016. At the acquisition date, we recorded an estimated liability related to this provision. As the operating income of these stores during the earnout period was higher than originally estimated, an additional payment was due to the sellers of $4,284, which was recorded as a loss during  2016 . In 2011, we acquired a single store in Florida. As part of the acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired store exceeded a specified amount of net rental income for the period of 12 consecutive months ending June 30, 2015. During 2014, we recorded a liability of $2,500 as an estimate of the payment that would become due. The $400 gain recorded during  2015  represents the adjustment needed to true up the existing liability to the amount owed to the sellers as of June 30, 2015. During  2015 , we determined that one of our acquisitions was purchased at below its market value, and therefore recorded a $1,101 gain at the time of the acquisition, which represents the excess of the fair value of the store acquired over the consideration paid. Interest Expense— The increase in interest expense during the year ended  December 31, 2016  was primarily the result of higher debt balances when compared to the prior year. The total face value of our debt, including our lines of credit, was  $4,363,697  at  December 31, 2016  compared to  $3,598,254  at  December 31, 2015 . Non-cash Interest Expense Related to Amortization of Discount on Equity Component of Exchangeable Senior Notes— Represents the amortization of the discounts related to the equity components of the exchangeable senior notes issued by our Operating Partnership. Our Operating Partnership has issued and outstanding 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 (the "2013 Notes") and 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2035 (the "2015 Notes.")  The 2013 Notes and the 2015 Notes both have an effective interest rate of 4.0% relative to the carrying amount of the liability. The increase for the year ended  December 31, 2016  when compared to the same period in the prior year is due to the issuance of $575,000 principal amount of the 2015 Notes in September 2015 and related discount of $22,597. 26 Interest Income— Interest income represents amounts earned on cash and cash equivalents deposited with financial institutions and interest earned on notes receivable. The increase for the year ended  December 31, 2016  is related primarily to the increase in the average notes receivable balances outstanding when compared to the prior year.  The majority of the increase in interest income related to the $84,331 of notes receivable issued in conjunction with the acquisition of SmartStop in October 2015.  These notes have a 7.0% interest rate which increases to 9.0% in February 2017.  As of   December 31, 2016 , the remaining principal balance was  $52,201 . Interest Income on Note Receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership Unit Holder —Represents interest on a $100,000 loan to the holder of the Operating Partnership’s Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units (the “Series A Units”). Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures— Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures represents the income earned through our ownership interests in unconsolidated joint ventures. The increase for the year ended  December 31, 2016  compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily the result of an increase in our ownership interest from 2.0% to approximately 4.0% in the ESS PRISA LLC ("PRISA") joint venture and from 2.0% to approximately 4.4% in the ESS PRISA II LLC ("PRISA II") joint venture, as well as an increase in revenue at the stores owned by our joint ventures.  These increases were offset by an overall decrease in the number of stores owned by our joint ventures, primarily due to our acquisition of 40 of these stores as noted below. On April 25, 2016, we and affiliates of Prudential Financial, Inc. ("Prudential") entered into the “Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of ESS PRISA LLC” and the “First Amendment to Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of ESS PRISA II LLC” (the “Amendments”).  The Amendments are deemed effective as of April 1, 2016.  Under the Amendments, we gave up any future rights to receive distributions from these joint ventures at the higher “excess profit participation” percentage of  17.0%  in exchange for a higher equity ownership percentage.  Our equity ownership in ESS PRISA LLC increased from  2.0%  to  4.0% , and our equity ownership in ESS PRISA II LLC increased from  2.0%  to  4.4% .  Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures—Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets and Purchase of Joint Venture Partners’ Interests— On November 17, 2016, we acquired  11  stores from our ESS WCOT LLC joint venture ("WCOT") in a step acquisition.  We owned  5.0%  of WCOT, with the other  95.0%  owned by affiliates of Prudential.  WCOT created a new subsidiary, Extra Space Storage 132 LLC ("ESS 132"), and transferred  11  stores into ESS 132.  WCOT then distributed ESS 132 to Prudential and us on a pro rata basis.  This distribution was accounted for as a spinoff, and was therefore recorded at the net carrying amount of the properties of  $68,814  .  Immediately after the distribution, we acquired Prudential's  95.0%  interest in ESS 132 for  $153,304 , resulting in  100%  ownership of ESS 132 and the related  11  stores.  Based on the purchase price of Prudential's share of ESS 132, we determined that the fair value of our investment in ESS 132 immediately prior to the acquisition of Prudential's share was  $8,119 , and we recorded a gain of  $4,651  as a result of re-measuring to fair value our existing equity interest in ESS 132.  On September 16, 2016, we acquired  23  stores from PRISA II in a step acquisition.  We owned  4.4%  of PRISA II, with the other  95.6%  owned by affiliates of Prudential.  PRISA II created a new subsidiary, Extra Space Properties 131 LLC ("ESP 131"), and transferred  23  stores into ESP 131.  PRISA II then distributed ESP 131 to Prudential and us on a pro rata basis.  This distribution was accounted for as a spinoff, and was therefore recorded at the net carrying amount of the properties of  $4,326 .  Immediately after the distribution, we acquired Prudential's  95.6%  interest in ESP 131 for  $238,679 , resulting in  100%  ownership of ESP 131 and the related  23  stores.  Based on the purchase price of Prudential's share of ESP 131, we determined that the fair value of our investment in ESP 131 immediately prior to the acquisition of Prudential's share was  $10,988 , and we recorded a gain of  $6,778  as a result of re-measuring to fair value our existing equity interest in ESP 131.  Subsequent to these transactions, PRISA II owned  42  stores.  We then sold our remaining interest in PRISA II to Prudential for  $34,758  in cash.  As a result of this sale, we recognized a gain of  $30,846 . On February 2, 2016, we acquired six stores from our VRS Self Storage LLC joint venture (“VRS”) in a step acquisition. We owned 45.0% of VRS, with the other 55.0% owned by Prudential. VRS created a new subsidiary, Extra Space Properties 122 LLC (“ESP 122”) and transferred six stores into ESP 122. VRS then distributed ESP 122 to Prudential and us on a pro rata basis. This distribution was accounted for as a spinoff, and was therefore recorded at the net carrying amount of the properties of $17,261, Immediately after the distribution, we acquired Prudential’s 55.0% interest in ESP 122 for $53,940, resulting in 100% ownership of ESP 122 and the related six stores. Based on the purchase price of Prudential’s share of ESP 122, we determined that the fair value of our investment in ESP 122 immediately prior to the acquisition of Prudential’s share was $44,184, and we recorded a gain of $26,923 as a result of re-measuring to fair value our existing equity interest in ESP 122. In March 2015, one of our joint ventures sold a store located in New York to a third party and recognized a gain of $60,495. We recognized our 2.0% share of this gain, or $1,228. 27 In March 2015 we acquired a joint venture partner’s 82.4% equity interest in an existing joint venture which had one store. We previously held the remaining 17.6% equity interest in this joint venture. Prior to the acquisition, we accounted for our equity interest in this joint venture as an equity-method investment. We recognized a non-cash gain of $1,629 as a result of re-measuring the fair value of our equity interest in this joint venture held before the acquisition. Income Tax Expense —Income tax expense is the result of income earned by our TRS which includes income from our management company and reinsurance activities.  Net Income Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests The following table presents information on net income allocated to noncontrolling interests for the years indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,           2016   2015   $ Change   % Change Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests:               Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests $ (14,700 )   $ (11,718 )   $ (2,982 )   25.4 % Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests (16,262 )   (8,344 )   (7,918 )   94.9 % Total income allocated to noncontrolling interests: $ (30,962 )   $ (20,062 )   $ (10,900 )   54.3 % Net Income Allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership Noncontrolling Interests— Income allocated to the Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests for the year ended  December 31, 2016  represents the fixed distributions paid to the preferred unit holders as follows: the Series A Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series A Units”) receive distributions at an annual rate of 5.0%, plus approximately  0.70%  of net income after the allocation of the fixed distributions, the Series B Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series B Units”) receive distributions at an annual rate of 6.0%, the Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series C Units”) receive, from issuance until the fifth anniversary of issuance, an annual rate of $0.18 plus the then-payable quarterly distribution per OP Unit, and the Series D Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series D Units”) receive distributions at an annual rate of 5.0%. Net Income Allocated to Operating Partnership and Other Noncontrolling Interests— Income allocated to the Operating Partnership represents approximately  4.2%  and  4.2%  of net income after the allocation of the fixed distribution paid to the Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders for the years ended  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2015 to the Year Ended December 31, 2014 Overview Results for the year ended December 31, 2015, included the operations of 999 stores (747 of which were consolidated and 252 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method) compared to the results for the year ended December 31, 2014, which included the operations of 828 stores (576 of which were consolidated and 252 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method). Revenues The following table presents information on revenues earned for the years indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,           2015   2014   $ Change   % Change Revenues:               Property rental $ 676,138   $ 559,868   $ 116,270   20.8 % Tenant reinsurance 71,971   59,072   12,899   21.8 % Management fees and other income 34,161   28,215   5,946   21.1 % Total revenues $ 782,270   $ 647,155   $ 135,115   20.9 % 28 Property Rental —The change in property rental revenues consists primarily of an increase of $69,622 associated with acquisitions completed in 2015 and 2014. We acquired 171 operating stores during 2015 and 51 stores during 2014. In addition, revenues increased by $47,560 as a result of increases in occupancy and rental rates to new and existing customers at our stabilized stores. We saw no significant increase in overall customer renewal rates and our average length of stay was approximately 13.7 months. For existing customers we generally seek to increase rental rates approximately 7% to 10% at least annually. Rental rates to new tenants increased by approximately 8.9% over the prior year. Occupancy at our stabilized stores increased to 91.1% at December 31, 2015, as compared to 89.6% at December 31, 2014. Tenant Reinsurance —The increase in tenant reinsurance revenues was partially due to the increase in overall customer participation to approximately 72.8% at December 31, 2015, compared to approximately 70.7% at December 31, 2014. In addition, we operated 1,347 stores at December 31, 2015, compared to 1,088 stores at December 31, 2014. Management Fees and Other Income —Our TRS manages stores owned by our joint ventures and third parties. Management fees generally represent 6.0% of cash collected from stores owned by third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. We also earn an asset management fee from the Storage Portfolio I (“SPI”) joint venture, equal to 0.50% multiplied by the total asset value, provided certain conditions are met. The increase in management fees is due to an increase in the number of properties managed. At December 31, 2015, we managed 348 stores, compared to 260 stores at December 31, 2014. Expenses The following table presents information on expenses for the years indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,           2015   2014   $ Change   % Change Expenses:               Property operations $ 203,965   $ 172,416   $ 31,549   18.3 % Tenant reinsurance 13,033   10,427   2,606   25.0 % Acquisition related costs 69,401   9,826   59,575   606.3 % General and administrative 67,758   60,942   6,816   11.2 % Depreciation and amortization 133,457   115,076   18,381   16.0 % Total expenses $ 487,614   $ 368,687   $ 118,927   32.3 % Property Operations —The increase in property operations expense consists primarily of an increase of $26,236 related to acquisitions completed in 2015 and 2014. We acquired 171 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2015 and 51 stores during the year ended December 31, 2014. Tenant Reinsurance —Tenant reinsurance expense represents the costs that are incurred to provide tenant reinsurance. The change is due primarily to the increase in the number of stores we owned and/or managed. At December 31, 2015, we owned and/or managed 1,347 stores compared to 1,088 stores at December 31, 2014. In addition, there was an increase in overall customer participation to approximately 72.8% at December 31, 2015 from approximately 70.7% at December 31, 2014. Acquisition Related Costs —These costs relate to acquisition activities during the periods indicated. The increase for the year ended December 31, 2015 when compared to the prior year was related primarily to the acquisition of SmartStop on October 1, 2015. As part of this acquisition, we recorded an expense of $38,360 related to defeasance costs and prepayment penalties incurred related to the repayment of SmartStop’s existing debt as of the acquisition date. We incurred $8,053 of professional fees/closing costs, $6,338 of severance-related costs, $1,327 of other payroll-related costs and $9,043 of other acquisition related costs as a result of the acquisition of SmartStop, for a total of $63,121. Additionally, we acquired 49 other properties during the year ended December 31, 2015. General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses primarily include all expenses not related to our stores, including corporate payroll, travel and professional fees. The expenses are recognized as incurred. General and administrative expense increased over the prior year primarily as a result of the costs related to the management of additional stores. During the year ended December 31, 2015, we acquired 171 stores, 161 of which we did not previously manage. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we acquired 51 stores, 30 of which we did not previously manage. We did not observe any  29 material trends specific to payroll, travel or other expense that contributed significantly to the increase in general and administrative expenses apart from the increase due to the management of additional stores. Depreciation and Amortization —Depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the acquisition of new stores. We acquired 171 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2015, and 51 operating stores during the year ended December 31, 2014. Other Income and Expenses The following table presents information on other revenues and expenses for the years indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,           2015   2014   $ Change   % Change Other income and expenses:               Gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisitions and sale of other assets $ 1,501   $ (10,285 )   $ 11,786   (114.6 )% Property casualty loss, net —   (1,724 )   1,724   (100.0 )% Interest expense (95,682 )   (81,330 )   (14,352 )   17.6  % Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes (3,310 )   (2,683 )   (627 )   23.4  % Interest income 3,461   1,607   1,854   115.4  % Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 4,850   4,850   —   —  % Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 12,351   10,541   1,810   17.2  % Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners’ interests 2,857   4,022   (1,165 )   (29.0 )% Income tax expense (11,148 )   (7,570 )   (3,578 )   47.3  % Total other expense, net $ (85,120 )   $ (82,572 )   $ (2,548 )   3.1  % Gain (Loss) on Real Estate Transactions, Earnout from Prior Acquisitions and Sale of Other Assets— During 2011, we acquired a store located in Florida. As part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired store exceeded a specified amount of net rental income for any twelve-month period prior to June 30, 2015. At the acquisition date, $133 was recorded as the estimated amount that would be due, and we believed that it was unlikely that any significant additional payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. Because the rental growth of the stores trended significantly higher than expected, we recorded additional liability of $2,500. This amount is included in gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014. The $400 gain recorded during the year ended December 31, 2015 represents the adjustment needed to true up the existing liability to the amount owed to the sellers as of June 30, 2015. During the year ended December 31, 2015, we determined that one of our acquisitions was purchased at below its market value, and we therefore recorded a $1,101 gain, which represents the excess of the fair value of the store acquired over the consideration paid. During 2012, we acquired a portfolio of ten stores. As part of this acquisition, we agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired stores exceeded a specified amount of net rental income two years after the acquisition date. At the acquisition date, we believed that it was unlikely that any significant payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. The rental growth of the stores was significantly higher than expected, resulting in a payment to the sellers of $7,785. This amount is included in gain (loss) on sale of real estate and earnout from prior acquisitions on our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014. Property Casualty Loss, Net —In October 2014, a store located in Venice, California, was damaged by a fire. As a result, we recorded a loss, net of insurance recoveries, of $1,724. 30 Interest Expense —Interest expense increased due to the increase in total amount of debt outstanding. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average interest rate. At December 31, 2015, our total face value of debt was $3,598,254, compared to a total face value of debt of $2,379,657 at December 31, 2014. The average interest rate was 3.1% as of December 31, 2015, compared to 3.4% as of December 31, 2014. Non-cash Interest Expense Related to Amortization of Discount on Equity Component of Exchangeable Senior Notes —Represents the amortization of the discount related to the equity component of the exchangeable senior notes issued by our Operating Partnership. In June 2013, our Operating Partnership issued $250,000 of its 2013 Notes. In September 2015, our Operating Partnership issued $575,000 of its 2015 Notes, and repurchased $164,636 principal amount of the 2013 Notes. Both the 2013 Notes and the 2015 Notes have effective interest rates of 4.0%. Interest Income —Interest income represents amounts earned on cash and cash equivalents deposited with financial institutions and interest earned on notes receivable. The increase relates primarily to the increase in the average balance of notes receivable when compared to the prior year and an increase in our average cash balance. As part of the SmartStop acquisition on October 1, 2015, we issued an $84,331 note receivable that accrues interest at 7.0% annually. We recorded approximately $1,476 of interest income related to this note receivable during the year ended December 31, 2015. Interest Income on Note Receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership Unit Holder —Represents interest on a $100,000 loan to the holder of the Series A Units. Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures —Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures represents the income earned through our ownership interests in unconsolidated joint ventures. The increase in equity in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2015 was due primarily to increases in revenue at the stores owned by the joint ventures. Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures—Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets and Purchase of Joint Venture Partners’ Interests — During March 2015, one of our joint ventures sold a store located in New York to a third party and recognized a gain of $60,495. We recognized our 2.0% share of this gain, or $1,228. Additionally, in March 2015 we acquired a joint venture partner’s 82.4% equity interest in an existing joint venture. We previously held the remaining 17.6% equity interest in this joint venture. Prior to the acquisition, we accounted for our equity interest in this joint venture as an equity-method investment. We recognized a non-cash gain of $1,629 during the three months ended March 31, 2015 as a result of re-measuring the fair value of our equity interest in this joint venture held before the acquisition. In December 2013 and May 2014, as part of a larger acquisition, we acquired our joint venture partners’ 60% to 65% equity interests in six stores located in California. We previously held the remaining 35% to 40% interests in these stores through six separate joint ventures with affiliates of Grupe Properties Co. Inc. (“Grupe”). Prior to the acquisition, we accounted for our interests in these joint ventures as equity-method investments. We recognized a non-cash gain of $3,438 during the year ended December 31, 2014, as a result of re-measuring the fair value of our equity interest in one of these joint ventures held before the acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded an additional gain of $584 as a result of the final cash distributions received from the other five joint ventures associated with the acquisitions that were completed during 2013. Income Tax Expense —The increase in income tax expense relates primarily to an increase in income earned by our TRS when compared to the same periods in the prior year. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded the initial tax benefit related to a royalty fee that we charge quarterly to our captive insurance subsidiary, which reduced the tax expense for that period. 31 Net Income Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests The following table presents information on net income allocated to noncontrolling interests for the years indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,           2015   2014   $ Change   % Change Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests:               Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests $ (11,718 )   $ (10,991 )   $ (727 )   6.6 % Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests (8,344 )   (6,550 )   (1,794 )   27.4 % Total income allocated to noncontrolling interests: $ (20,062 ) $ (17,541 )   $ (2,521 )   14.4 % Net Income Allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership Noncontrolling Interests —In December 2014, as part of the acquisition of a single store, our Operating Partnership issued 548,390 Series D Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series D Units”). The Series D Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit, and receive distributions at an annual rate of 5.0%. In December 2013 and May 2014, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 704,016 Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series C Units”). The Series C Units have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit. From issuance until the fifth anniversary of issuance, the Series C Units receive distributions at an annual rate of $0.18 plus the then-payable quarterly distribution per OP Unit. In April 2014, as part of a single store acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 333,360 Series B Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series B Units”). During August and September 2013, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 1,342,727 Series B Units. The Series B Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit and receive distributions at an annual rate of 6.0%. Income allocated to the Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 represents the fixed distributions paid to the holders of the Series A Units, Series B Units, Series C Units and Series D Units, plus approximately 0.7% of the remaining net income allocated to the holders of the Series A Units. Net Income Allocated to Operating Partnership and Other Noncontrolling Interests —Income allocated to the Operating Partnership represents approximately 4.2% and 3.5% of net income after the allocation of the fixed distribution paid to the Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The percentage of net income allocated to the Operating Partnership noncontrolling interest increased due to OP Units issued in conjunction with acquisitions during 2015. FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS FFO provides relevant and meaningful information about our operating performance that is necessary, along with net income and cash flows, for an understanding of our operating results. We believe FFO is a meaningful disclosure as a supplement to net earnings. Net earnings assume that the values of real estate assets diminish predictably over time as reflected through depreciation and amortization expenses. The values of real estate assets fluctuate due to market conditions and we believe FFO more accurately reflects the value of our real estate assets. FFO is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. (“NAREIT”) as net income computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), excluding gains or losses on sales of operating stores and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate assets, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization and after adjustments to record unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures on the same basis. We believe that to further understand our performance, FFO should be considered along with the reported net income and cash flows in accordance with GAAP, as presented in the consolidated financial statements.  FFO should not be considered a replacement of net income computed in accordance with GAAP. The computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or that interpret the current NAREIT definition differently. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP, and should not be considered as an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to net cash flow from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity, or as an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions. 32 The following table presents the calculation of FFO for the periods indicated:     For the Year Ended December 31,     2016   2015   2014 Net income attributable to common stockholders   $ 366,127   $ 189,474   $ 178,355               Adjustments:             Real estate depreciation   155,358   115,924   96,819 Amortization of intangibles   20,467   11,094   12,394 (Gain) loss on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets   (8,465 )   (1,501 )   10,285 Unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization   4,505   4,233   4,395 Unconsolidated joint venture gain on sale of real estate and purchase of partners' interests   (69,199 )   (2,857 )   (4,022 ) Distributions paid on Series A Preferred Operating Partnership units   (5,085 )   (5,088 )   (5,750 ) Income allocated to Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests    30,962   20,064   17,530               Funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and unit holders   $ 494,670   $ 331,343   $ 310,006 SAME-STORE RESULTS Our same-store pool for the periods presented consists of  564  stores that are wholly-owned and operated and that were stabilized by the first day of the earliest calendar year presented. We consider a store to be stabilized once it has been open for three years or has sustained average square foot occupancy of 80% or more for one calendar year. We believe that by providing same-store results from a stabilized pool of stores, with accompanying operating metrics including, but not limited to: occupancy, rental revenue growth, operating expense growth, net operating income growth, etc., stockholders and potential investors are able to evaluate operating performance without the effects of non-stabilized occupancy levels, rent levels, expense levels, acquisitions or completed developments. Same-store results should not be used as a basis for future same-store performance or for the performance of our stores as a whole. The following table presents operating data for our same-store portfolio. 33 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2016 to the Year Ended December 31, 2015 The following table presents a reconciliation of same-store net operating income to income from operations as presented on our consolidated statements of operations for the periods indicated:   For the Three Months Ended December 31,   Percent   For the Year Ended December 31,   Percent   2016   2015   Change   2016   2015   Change Same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues $ 179,003   $ 170,234   5.2%   $ 708,063   $ 662,213   6.9% Non same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 72,364   45,333   59.6%   243,970   85,896   184.0% Total property rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 251,367   215,567   16.6%   952,033   748,109   27.3%                         Same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 46,169   47,142   (2.1)%   189,973   187,939   1.1% Non same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 21,163   15,706   34.7%   75,587   29,059   160.1% Total property operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 67,332   62,848   7.1%   265,560   216,998   22.4%                         Same-store net operating income 132,834   123,092   7.9%   518,090   474,274   9.2% Non same-store net operating income 51,201   29,627   72.8%   168,383   56,837   196.3% Total net operating income 184,035   152,719   20.5%   686,473   531,111   29.3% Management fees and other income 9,649   10,192       39,842   34,161     Acquisition related costs and other (2,987 )   (63,698 )       (12,111 )   (69,401 )     General and administrative (18,355 )   (18,138 )       (81,806 )   (67,758 )     Depreciation and amortization (49,158 )   (40,766 )       (182,560 )   (133,457 )     Income from operations $ 123,184   $ 40,309       $ 449,838   $ 294,656                             Same-store square foot occupancy as of quarter end 92.0%   92.8%       92.0%   92.8%                             Properties included in same-store 564   564       564   564     The increases in same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues for the three months and year ended  December 31, 2016 , as compared to the same periods ended  December 31, 2015 , were due primarily to higher rental rates for both new and existing customers. Expenses were lower for the  three months ended December 31, 2016  due to decreases year-over-year across most expense categories, primarily due to comparably higher expenses in the three months ended December 31, 2015.   The most significant decreases were in repairs and maintenance and utilities.  Decreases in these expenses were partially offset by increases in property taxes.  For the  year ended December 31, 2016 , expenses were higher due to increases in property taxes and credit card processing fees. These increases in expenses were partially offset by decreases in utilities and repairs and maintenance expense.  34 Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2015 to the Year Ended December 31, 2014 The following table presents a reconciliation of same-store net operating income to income from operations as presented on our consolidated statements of operations for the periods indicated:   For the Three Months Ended December 31,   Percent   For the Year Ended December 31,   Percent   2015   2014   Change   2015   2014   Change Same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues $ 151,761   $ 138,471   9.6%   $ 590,979   $ 540,664   9.3% Non same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 63,806   21,665   194.5%   157,130   78,276   100.7% Total property rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 215,567   160,136   34.6%   748,109   618,940   20.9%                         Same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 41,702   39,802   4.8%   166,166   161,135   3.1% Non same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 21,146   5,838   262.2%   50,832   21,708   134.2% Total property operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 62,848   45,640   37.7%   216,998   182,843   18.7%                         Same-store net operating income 110,059   98,669   11.5%   424,813   379,529   11.9% Non same-store net operating income 42,660   15,827   169.5%   106,298   56,568   87.9% Total net operating income 152,719   114,496   33.4%   531,111   436,097   21.8% Management fees and other income 10,192   5,048       34,161   28,215     Acquisition related costs and other (63,698 )   (5,941 )       (69,401 )   (9,826 )     General and administrative (18,138 )   (14,506 )       (67,758 )   (60,942 )     Depreciation and amortization (40,766 )   (29,181 )       (133,457 )   (115,076 )     Income from operations $ 40,309   $ 69,916       $ 294,656   $ 278,468                             Same-store square foot occupancy as of quarter end 92.9%   91.4%       92.9%   91.4%                             Properties included in same-store 503   503       503   503     The increases in same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues for the three months and year ended December 31, 2015, as compared to the same periods ended December 31, 2014, were due primarily to an increase in occupancy, an increase in rental rates to new and existing customers, and reduced customer discounts. Expenses were higher for the year ended December 31, 2015 due to increases in tenant reinsurance expense, credit card merchant fees and property taxes. Increases were offset by decreases in utility expenses and property insurance expense. CASH FLOWS Comparison of the Year Ended  December 31, 2016  to the Year Ended  December 31, 2015   Cash provided by operating activities was  $539,263  and  $367,329  for the years ended  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. The change when compared to the prior year was primarily due to a  $187,553  increase in net income and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of  $49,103 . These increases were offset by an increase in the gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase joint venture partners’ interests of  $66,342 . This gain was primarily the result of three step acquisitions of stores that were previously owned by our VRS, PRISA II and WCOT joint ventures, along with the gain on the sale of our remaining interest in the PRISA II joint venture to Prudential. 35 Cash used in investing activities was  $1,032,035  and  $1,625,664 , for the years ended  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in total cash paid for the acquisition of real estate assets of  $464,227 . We purchased  99  stores during the year ended  December 31, 2016 , compared to 171 stores purchased during  2015 . There was also an increase in proceeds from sale of real estate assets, investments in real estate ventures and other assets of  $60,013 , a decrease in cash paid on the purchase/issuance of notes receivable of  $57,902  and an increase in cash received from principal payments on notes receivable of  $42,785  for the year ended  December 31, 2016  when compared to  2015 .   Cash provided by financing activities was  $460,831  and  $1,286,471 , for the years ended   December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. The change related primarily to a decrease in proceeds from notes payable and revolving lines of credit of  $221,445 , a decrease in net proceeds from the issuance of exchangeable senior notes of  $563,500 , and a decrease in net proceeds from the sale of common stock of  $323,453  for the year ended  December 31, 2016  when compared to the prior year. These decreases were partially offset by a decrease in principal payments on notes payable and revolving lines of credit of  $191,128  and a decrease in the cash paid for the repurchase of exchangeable senior notes of  $205,017 .  Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2015 to the Year Ended December 31, 2014 Cash provided by operating activities was $367,329 and $337,581 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The change when compared to the prior year was primarily due to a $13,640 increase in net income and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of $18,381. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in the change in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $4,812. Cash used in investing activities was $1,625,664 and $564,948 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The change was primarily the result of an increase of $1,200,853 paid for the acquisition of SmartStop in October 2015. There was also an increase of $55,073 in cash used to purchase/issue notes receivable. These increases in cash outflows were partially offset by an increase of $45,080 in cash received as returns of investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures. Cash provided by financing activities was $1,286,471 and $148,307 for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The net increase was due to a number of factors, including an increase of $1,204,138 in the cash proceeds received from the issuance of notes payable and revolving lines of credit, an increase of $446,877 in the cash proceeds received from the sale of common stock, and an increase of $563,500 in the net proceeds from the issuance of exchangeable senior notes. These increases in cash inflows were offset by an increase of $780,442 of cash paid for principal payments on notes payable and revolving lines of credit, an increase of $227,212 in cash paid to repurchase existing exchangeable senior notes, and an increase of $59,211 in cash paid as dividends on our common stock. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES As of  December 31, 2016 , we had  $43,858  available in cash and cash equivalents. We are required to distribute at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders on an annual basis to maintain our qualification as a REIT. Our cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts managed by third party financial institutions and consist of invested cash and cash in our operating accounts. During 2016 and 2015, we experienced no loss or lack of access to our cash or cash equivalents; however, there can be no assurance that access to our cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. 36 The following table presents information on our lines of credit for the period presented. All of our lines of credit are guaranteed by us.   As of  December 31, 2016             Revolving Lines of Credit Amount Drawn    Capacity    Interest Rate    Origination Date   Maturity   Basis Rate  (1) Credit Line 1  (2) $ 3,000   $ 100,000   2.4 %   6/4/2010   6/30/2018   LIBOR plus 1.7% Credit Line 2  (3)(4) 362,000   500,000   2.2 %   10/14/2016   10/14/2020   LIBOR plus 1.4%   $ 365,000   $ 600,000                 (1) 30-day USD LIBOR (2) Secured by mortgages on certain real estate assets.  One two-year extension available. (3) Unsecured.  Two six-month extensions available. (4) Basis Rate as of December 31, 2016.  Rate is subject to change based on our consolidated leverage ratio. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had  $4,363,697  face value of debt, resulting in a debt to total enterprise value ratio of  29.6% .  As of  December 31, 2016 , the ratio of total fixed-rate debt and other instruments to total debt was  70.0%  (including  $2,198,275  on which we have interest rate swaps that have been included as fixed-rate debt). The weighted average interest rate of the total of fixed- and variable-rate debt at  December 31, 2016  was  3.0% . Certain of our real estate assets are pledged as collateral for our debt. We are subject to certain restrictive covenants relating to our outstanding debt. We were in compliance with all financial covenants at  December 31, 2016 . We expect to fund our short-term liquidity requirements, including operating expenses, recurring capital expenditures, dividends to stockholders, distributions to holders of Operating Partnership units and interest on our outstanding indebtedness, out of our operating cash flow, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving lines of credit, including undrawn portions of our unsecured facility. In addition, we are pursuing additional sources of financing based on anticipated funding needs. Our liquidity needs consist primarily of cash distributions to stockholders, store acquisitions, principal payments under our borrowings and non-recurring capital expenditures. We may from time to time seek to repurchase our outstanding debt, shares of common stock or other securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. In addition, we evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of strategic acquisitions and other relationships, which may require us to raise additional funds. We do not expect that our operating cash flow or cash balances will be sufficient to fund our liquidity needs and instead expect to fund such needs out of additional borrowings of secured or unsecured indebtedness, joint ventures with third parties, and from the proceeds of public and private offerings of equity and debt. Additional capital may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. Any additional issuance of equity or equity-linked securities may result in dilution to our stockholders. In addition, any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of our common stock. We may also use Operating Partnership units as currency to fund acquisitions from self-storage owners who desire tax-deferral in their exiting transactions. OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, we do not currently have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purposes entities, which typically are established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, we have not guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities nor do we have any commitments or intent to provide funding to any such entities. Accordingly, we are not materially exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships. CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS The following table presents information on future payments due by period as of  December 31, 2016 : 37   Payments due by Period:       Less Than           After   Total   1 Year   1-3 Years   3-5 Years   5 Years Operating leases $ 120,926   $ 6,123   $ 12,801   $ 11,977   $ 90,025 Notes payable, notes payable to trusts and revolving lines of credit                      Interest 573,411   127,630   218,184   109,191   118,406    Principal 4,363,697   311,075   936,309   2,432,353   683,960 Total contractual obligations $ 5,058,034   $ 444,828   $ 1,167,294   $ 2,553,521   $ 892,391 The operating leases above include minimum future lease payments on leases for  22  of our operating stores as well as leases of our corporate offices.  Three  ground leases include additional contingent rental payments based on the level of revenue achieved at the store. As of  December 31, 2016 , the weighted average interest rate for all fixed rate loans was  3.3% , and the weighted average interest rate on all variable rate loans was  2.3% . FINANCING STRATEGY We will continue to employ leverage in our capital structure in amounts reviewed from time to time by our board of directors. Although our board of directors has not adopted a policy which limits the total amount of indebtedness that we may incur, we will consider a number of factors in evaluating our level of indebtedness from time to time, as well as the amount of such indebtedness that will be either fixed or variable rate. In making financing decisions, we will consider factors including but not limited to:   • the interest rate of the proposed financing; • the extent to which the financing impacts flexibility in managing our stores; • prepayment penalties and restrictions on refinancing; • the purchase price of stores acquired with debt financing; • long-term objectives with respect to the financing; • target investment returns; • the ability of particular stores, and our Company as a whole, to generate cash flow sufficient to cover expected debt service payments; • overall level of consolidated indebtedness; • timing of debt and lease maturities; • provisions that require recourse and cross-collateralization; • corporate credit ratios including debt service coverage, debt to total capitalization and debt to undepreciated assets; and • the overall ratio of fixed and variable rate debt. Our indebtedness may be recourse, non-recourse, cross-collateralized, cross-defaulted, secured or unsecured. If the indebtedness is non-recourse, the collateral will be limited to the particular stores to which the indebtedness relates. In addition, we may invest in stores subject to existing loans collateralized by mortgages or similar liens on our stores, or may refinance stores acquired on a leveraged basis. We may use the proceeds from any borrowings to refinance existing indebtedness, to refinance investments, including the redevelopment of existing stores, for general working capital or to purchase additional interests in partnerships or joint ventures or for other purposes when we believe it is advisable. We may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt, as well as shares of common stock or other securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 38 SEASONALITY The self-storage business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A greater portion of revenues and profits are realized from May through September. Historically, our highest level of occupancy has been at the end of July, while our lowest level of occupancy has been in late February and early March. Results for any quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. Item 7a.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Market Risk Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Our future income, cash flows and fair values of financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. As of  December 31, 2016 , we had approximately  $4.4  billion in total face value debt, of which approximately  $1.3  billion was subject to variable interest rates (excluding debt with interest rate swaps). If LIBOR were to increase or decrease by 100 basis points, the increase or decrease in interest expense on the variable rate debt would increase or decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately  $13.1  million annually. Interest rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure. 39 Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 41 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 42 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 43 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 44 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 45 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 48 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 50 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 89 All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 40 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Extra Space Storage Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Extra Space Storage Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 8. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Extra Space Storage Inc. at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Extra Space Storage Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 27, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Salt Lake City, Utah February 27, 2017   41 Extra Space Storage Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (dollars in thousands, except share data)   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 Assets:       Real estate assets, net $ 6,770,447   $ 5,689,309 Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures 79,570   103,007 Cash and cash equivalents 43,858   75,799 Restricted cash   13,884   30,738 Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures 16,611   2,205 Other assets, net 167,076   170,349 Total assets   $ 7,091,446   $ 6,071,407 Liabilities, Noncontrolling Interests and Equity:       Notes payable, net $ 3,213,588   $ 2,758,567 Exchangeable senior notes, net 610,314   623,863 Notes payable to trusts, net 117,321   117,191 Revolving lines of credit 365,000   36,000 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 101,388   82,693 Other liabilities 87,669   80,489 Total liabilities   4,495,280   3,698,803 Commitments and contingencies   Noncontrolling Interests and Equity:       Extra Space Storage Inc. stockholders' equity:       Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding —   — Common stock, $0.01 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 125,881,460 and 124,119,531 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively 1,259   1,241 Additional paid-in capital 2,566,120   2,431,754 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 16,770   (6,352 ) Accumulated deficit (339,257 )   (337,566 ) Total Extra Space Storage Inc. stockholders' equity 2,244,892   2,089,077 Noncontrolling interest represented by Preferred Operating Partnership units, net of $120,230 notes receivable 147,920   80,531 Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 203,354   202,834 Other noncontrolling interests —   162 Total noncontrolling interests and equity 2,596,166   2,372,604 Total liabilities, noncontrolling interests and equity $ 7,091,446   $ 6,071,407 See accompanying notes. 42 Extra Space Storage Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations (dollars in thousands, except share data)   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Revenues:           Property rental $ 864,742   $ 676,138   $ 559,868 Tenant reinsurance 87,291   71,971   59,072 Management fees and other income 39,842   34,161   28,215 Total revenues 991,875   782,270   647,155 Expenses:           Property operations 250,005   203,965   172,416 Tenant reinsurance  15,555   13,033   10,427 Acquisition related costs and other 12,111   69,401   9,826 General and administrative 81,806   67,758   60,942 Depreciation and amortization 182,560   133,457   115,076 Total expenses 542,037   487,614   368,687 Income from operations 449,838   294,656   278,468 Gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets 8,465   1,501   (10,285 ) Property casualty loss, net —   —   (1,724 ) Interest expense (133,479 )   (95,682 )   (81,330 ) Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes (4,980 )   (3,310 )   (2,683 ) Interest income 6,148   3,461   1,607 Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 4,850   4,850   4,850 Income before equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures and income tax expense 330,842   205,476   188,903 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 12,895   12,351   10,541 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners' interests 69,199   2,857   4,022 Income tax expense (15,847 )   (11,148 )   (7,570 ) Net income 397,089   209,536   195,896 Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests (14,700 )   (11,718 )   (10,991 ) Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests (16,262 )   (8,344 )   (6,550 ) Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 366,127   $ 189,474   $ 178,355 Earnings per common share           Basic  $ 2.92   $ 1.58   $ 1.54 Diluted  $ 2.91   $ 1.56   $ 1.53 Weighted average number of shares           Basic 125,087,554   119,816,743   115,713,807 Diluted 125,948,076   126,918,869   121,435,267 See accompanying notes. 43 Extra Space Storage Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (amounts in thousands)   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Net income $ 397,089   $ 209,536   $ 195,896 Other comprehensive income (loss):              Change in fair value of interest rate swaps 24,598   (4,929 )   (12,061 ) Total comprehensive income 421,687   204,607   183,835    Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 32,438   20,001   17,120 Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders $ 389,249   $ 184,606   $ 166,715 See accompanying notes 44 Extra Space Storage Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (amounts in thousands, except share data)               Noncontrolling Interests   Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders’ Equity       Preferred Operating Partnership   Operating Partnership   Other           Additional Paid-in Capital   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Accumulated Deficit   Total Noncontrolling Interests and Equity   Series A   Series B   Series C   Series D     Shares   Par Value   Balances at December 31, 2013 $ 30,202   $ 33,568   $ 17,177   $ —   $ 91,453   $ 1,025   115,755,527   $ 1,157   $ 1,973,159   $ 10,156   $ (226,002 )   $ 1,931,895 Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options —   —   —   —   —   —   211,747   2   3,093   —   —   3,095 Restricted stock grants issued —   —   —   —   —   —   117,370   1   —   —   —   1 Restricted stock grants cancelled —   —   —   —   —   —   (23,595 )   —   —   —   —   — Compensation expense related to stock-based awards —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   4,984   —   —   4,984 Issuance of Operating Partnership units in conjunction with store acquisitions —   8,334   13,783   13,710   2,982   —   —   —   —   —   —   38,809 Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock (10,240 )   —   —   —   (398 )   —   299,190   3   10,635   —   —   — Redemption of Operating Partnership units for cash (4,794 )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (4,794 ) Issuance of note receivable to Series C unit holders —   —   (20,230 )   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (20,230 ) Net income 7,036   2,387   1,551   17   6,538   12   —   —   —   —   178,355   195,896 Other comprehensive income (74 )   —   —   —   (347 )   —   —   —   —   (11,640 )   —   (12,061 ) Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   3,613   —   —   3,613 Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests (7,321 )   (2,386 )   (1,551 )   (17 )   (7,806 )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (19,081 ) Distributions to other noncontrolling interests —   —   —   —   —   (53 )   —   —   —   —   —   (53 ) Dividends paid on common stock at $1.81 per share —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (210,091 )   (210,091 ) Balances at December 31, 2014 $ 14,809   $ 41,903   $ 10,730   $ 13,710   $ 92,422   $ 984   116,360,239   $ 1,163   $ 1,995,484   $ (1,484 )   $ (257,738 )   $ 1,911,983 45 Extra Space Storage Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (amounts in thousands, except share data)               Noncontrolling Interests   Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders’ Equity       Preferred Operating Partnership   Operating Partnership   Other           Additional Paid-in Capital   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Accumulated Deficit   Total Noncontrolling Interests and Equity   Series A   Series B   Series C   Series D     Shares   Par Value   Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   79,974   $ 1   $ 1,541   $ —   $ —   $ 1,542 Restricted stock grants issued —   —   —   —   —   —   174,558   2   —   —   —   2 Restricted stock grants cancelled —   —   —   —   —   —   (18,090 )   —   —   —   —   — Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs —   —   —   —   —   —   6,735,000   67   446,810   —   —   446,877 Compensation expense related to stock-based awards —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   6,055   —   —   6,055 Purchase of remaining equity interest in existing consolidated joint venture —   —   —   —   —   (822 )   —   —   (446 )   —   —   (1,268 ) Issuance of Operating Partnership units in conjunction with acquisitions —   —   —   —   142,399   —   —   —   —   —   —   142,399 Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock —   —   —   —   (28,106 )   —   787,850   8   28,098   —   —   — Repurchase of equity portion of 2013 exchangeable senior notes —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (70,112 )   —   —   (70,112 ) Issuance of 2015 exchangeable senior notes - equity component —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   22,597   —   —   22,597 Net income 6,445   2,514   2,074   685   8,344   —   —   —   —   —   189,474   209,536 Other comprehensive income (loss) (15 )   —   —   —   (46 )   —   —   —   —   (4,868 )   —   (4,929 ) Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   1,727   —   —   1,727 Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests (7,050 )   (2,515 )   (2,074 )   (685 )   (12,179 )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (24,503 ) Dividends paid on common stock at $2.24 per share —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (269,302 )   (269,302 ) Balances at December 31, 2015 $ 14,189   $ 41,902   $ 10,730   $ 13,710   $ 202,834   $ 162   124,119,531   $ 1,241   $ 2,431,754   $ (6,352 )   $ (337,566 )   $ 2,372,604 46 Extra Space Storage Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (amounts in thousands, except share data)               Noncontrolling Interests   Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders’ Equity       Preferred Operating Partnership   Operating Partnership   Other           Additional Paid-in Capital   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Accumulated Deficit   Total Noncontrolling Interests and Equity   Series A   Series B   Series C   Series D     Shares   Par Value   Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   97,855   $ —   $ 1,444   $ —   $ —   $ 1,444 Restricted stock grants issued —   —   —   —   —   —   119,931   2     —   —   2 Restricted stock grants cancelled —   —   —   —   —   —   (9,947 )   —   —   —   —   — Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs —   —   —   —   —   —   1,381,300   14   123,408   —   —   123,422 Compensation expense related to stock-based awards —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   8,045   —   —   8,045 Purchase of remaining equity interest in existing consolidated joint venture —   —   —   —   800   (162 )   —   —   (638 )   —   —   — Issuance of Operating Partnership units in conjunction with acquisitions —   —   —   —   7,247   —   —   —   —   —   —   7,247 Redemption of Operating Partnership units for sale of property —   —   —   —   (7,689 )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (7,689 ) Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock and cash —   —   —   —   (1,083 )   —   23,850   —   577   —   —   (506 ) Issuance of Preferred D Units in the Operating Partnership in conjunction with acquisitions —   —   —   67,193   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   67,193 Repurchase of equity portion of 2013 exchangeable senior notes —   —   —   —   —   —   148,940   2   (874 )   —   —   (872 ) Net income 7,645   2,514   2,570   1,971   16,262   —   —   —   —   —   366,127   397,089 Other comprehensive income loss 201   —   —   —   1,275   —   —   —   —   23,122   —   24,598 Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   2,404   —   —   2,404 Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests (7,650 )   (2,514 )   (2,570 )   (1,971 )   (16,292 )   —   —   —   —   —   —   (30,997 ) Dividends paid on common stock at $2.93 per share —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   —   (367,818 )   (367,818 ) Balances at December 31, 2016 $ 14,385   $ 41,902   $ 10,730   $ 80,903   $ 203,354   $ —   125,881,460   $ 1,259   $ 2,566,120   $ 16,770   $ (339,257 )   $ 2,596,166 See accompanying notes. 47 Extra Space Storage Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (amounts in thousands)   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Cash flows from operating activities:           Net income $ 397,089   $ 209,536   $ 195,896 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:           Depreciation and amortization 182,560   133,457   115,076 Amortization of deferred financing costs 12,922   7,779   6,592 Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 4,980   3,310   2,683 Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of premium on notes payable (872 )   (2,409 )   (3,079 ) Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 8,045   6,055   4,984 Gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners' interests (69,199 )   (2,857 )   (3,438 ) Loss (gain) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets (8,465 )   (1,501 )   2,500 Property casualty loss —   —   1,724 Distributions from unconsolidated real estate ventures in excess of earnings 3,534   4,531   4,510 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:           Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures 1,367   (1,436 )   71 Other assets (2,981 )   (1,172 )   (1,498 ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 10,075   108   4,920 Other liabilities 208   11,928   6,640 Net cash provided by operating activities 539,263   367,329   337,581 Cash flows from investing activities:           Acquisition of SmartStop, net of cash acquired —   (1,200,853 )   — Acquisition of real estate assets (1,086,523 )   (349,897 )   (503,538 ) Development and redevelopment of real estate assets (23,279 )   (26,931 )   (23,528 ) Proceeds from sale of real estate assets, investments in real estate ventures and other assets 60,813   800   — Change in restricted cash 16,854   1,282   (3,794 ) Investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures (28,241 )   (3,434 )   — Return of investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures 16,953   45,080   — Purchase/issuance of notes receivable (26,429 )   (84,331 )   (29,258 ) Principal payments received from notes receivable 42,785   —   — Purchase of equipment and fixtures (4,968 )   (7,380 )   (4,830 ) Net cash used in investing activities (1,032,035 )   (1,625,664 )   (564,948 ) Cash flows from financing activities:           Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net of offering costs 123,424   446,877   — Net proceeds from the issuance of 2015 exchangeable senior notes —   563,500   — Repurchase of exchangeable senior notes (22,195 )   (227,212 )   — Proceeds from notes payable and revolving lines of credit 1,900,357   2,121,802   917,664 Principal payments on notes payable and revolving lines of credit (1,122,442 )   (1,313,570 )   (533,128 ) Deferred financing costs (17,486 )   (9,779 )   (5,305 ) Net proceeds from exercise of stock options 1,444   1,542   3,095 Proceeds from termination of interest rate cap 1,650   —   — Purchase of interest rate cap —   (2,884 )   — Payment of earnout from prior acquisition (4,600 )   —   — Redemption of Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests (506 )   —   (4,794 ) Dividends paid on common stock (367,818 )   (269,302 )   (210,091 ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests (30,997 )   (24,503 )   (19,134 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 460,831   1,286,471   148,307 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (31,941 )   28,136   (79,060 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period 75,799   47,663   126,723 Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period $ 43,858   $ 75,799   $ 47,663 Supplemental schedule of cash flow information           Interest paid 122,265   89,507   75,218 Income taxes paid 14,864   1,782   3,418 Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities:           Redemption of Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests for common stock           Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership $ (577 )   $ (28,106 )   $ (10,638 ) Common stock and paid-in capital 577   28,106   10,638 Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and option exercises           Other assets $ 2,404   $ 1,727   $ 3,613 Additional paid-in capital (2,404 )   (1,727 )   (3,613 ) Acquisitions of real estate assets           Real estate assets, net $ 84,163   $ 158,009   $ 77,158 Value of Operating Partnership units issued (74,440 )   (142,399 )   (38,811 ) Notes payable assumed (9,723 )   —   (38,347 ) 48 Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures —   (15,610 )   — Accrued construction costs and capital expenditures           Acquisition of real estate assets $ 8,497   $ 2,332   $ 2,799 Development and redevelopment of real estate assets 125   —   — Other liabilities (8,622 )   (2,332 )   (2,799 ) Distribution of real estate from investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures           Real estate assets, net $ 25,055   $ —   $ — Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures (25,055 )   —   — Disposition of real estate assets           Real estate assets, net $ (7,689 )   $ —   $ — Operating Partnership units redeemed 7,689   —   — Acquisition of noncontrolling interests           Operating Partnership units issued $ (800 )   $ —   $ — Other noncontrolling interests 162   —   — Additional paid-in capital 638   —   — See accompanying notes. 49 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated 1.     DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Extra Space Storage Inc. (the “Company”) is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (“REIT”), formed as a Maryland Corporation on April 30, 2004, to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed self-storage properties located throughout the United States. The Company continues the business of Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries, which had engaged in the self-storage business since 1977. The Company’s interest in its stores is held through its operating partnership, Extra Space Storage LP (the “Operating Partnership”), which was formed on May 5, 2004. The Company’s primary assets are general partner and limited partner interests in the Operating Partnership. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Internal Revenue Code”). To the extent the Company continues to qualify as a REIT, it will not be subject to tax, with certain limited exceptions, on the taxable income that is distributed to its stockholders. The Company invests in stores by acquiring wholly-owned stores or by acquiring an equity interest in real estate entities. At  December 31, 2016 , the Company had direct and indirect equity interests in  1,016  storage facilities. In addition, the Company managed  411  stores for third parties bringing the total number of stores which it owns and/or manages to  1,427 . These stores are located in  38  states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. The Company operates in  three  distinct segments: (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and (3) property management, acquisition and development. The rental operations activities include rental operations of stores in which the Company has an ownership interest. No single tenant accounts for more than  5.0%  of rental income. Tenant reinsurance activities include the reinsurance of risks relating to the loss of goods stored by tenants in the Company’s stores. The Company’s property management, acquisition and development activities include managing, acquiring, developing and selling stores. 2.     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements are presented on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and include the accounts of the Company and its wholly- or majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation. In our Segment Information in Note 19,  $2,857  and  $4,022  of equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures-gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of partners’ interests was reclassified from the rental operations segment to the property management, acquisition and development segment for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Variable Interest Entities The Company accounts for arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights as variable interest entities (“VIEs”). An enterprise is required to consolidate a VIE if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. A VIE is created when (i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (ii) the entity’s equity holders as a group either: (a) lack the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they occur, or (c) do not have the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity if they occur. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE, the enterprise that is deemed to have a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that provides the enterprise with a controlling financial interest in the VIE, is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. The Company has concluded that under certain circumstances when the Company enters into arrangements for the formation of joint ventures, a VIE may be created under condition (i), (ii) (b) or (c) of the previous paragraph. For each VIE created, the Company has performed a qualitative analysis, including considering which party, if any, has the power to direct the activities most significant to the economic performance of each VIE and whether that party has the obligation to absorb  50 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. If the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the assets, liabilities and operations of the VIE are consolidated with the Company’s financial statements. Additionally, the Operating Partnership has notes payable to  three  trusts that are VIEs under condition (ii)(a) above. Since the Operating Partnership is not the primary beneficiary of the trusts, these VIEs are not consolidated. The Company’s investments in real estate joint ventures, where the Company has significant influence, but not control, and joint ventures which are VIEs in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Fair Value Disclosures Derivative financial instruments Currently, the Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments and the discounted expected variable cash receipts. The variable cash receipts are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate forward curves. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. In conjunction with the Financial Accounting Standard Board’s fair value measurement guidance, the Company made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of  December 31, 2016 , the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The table below presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of  December 31, 2016 , aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements fall.       Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using Description December 31, 2016   Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets  (Level 1)   Significant Other Observable Inputs  (Level 2)   Significant Unobservable Inputs  (Level 3) Other assets - Cash Flow Hedge Swap Agreements $ 23,844   $ —   $ 23,844   $ — Other liabilities - Cash Flow Hedge Swap Agreements $ (2,447 )   $ —   $ (2,447 )   $ — 51 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated There were  no  transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended  December 31, 2016 . The Company did not have any significant assets or liabilities that are re-measured on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs as of  December 31, 2016  or  2015 . Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis Long-lived assets held for use are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate there may be impairment. The Company reviews each store at least annually to determine if any such events or circumstances have occurred or exist. The Company focuses on stores where occupancy and/or rental income have decreased by a significant amount. For these stores, the Company determines whether the decrease is temporary or permanent, and whether the store will likely recover the lost occupancy and/or revenue in the short term. In addition, the Company reviews stores in the lease-up stage and compares actual operating results to original projections. When the Company determines that an event that may indicate impairment has occurred, the Company compares the carrying value of the related long-lived assets to the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. An impairment loss is recorded if the net carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. The impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the assets. When real estate assets are identified by management as held for sale, the Company discontinues depreciating the assets and estimates the fair value of the assets, net of selling costs. If the estimated fair value, net of selling costs, of the assets that have been identified as held for sale is less than the net carrying value of the assets, the Company would recognize a loss on the assets held for sale. The operations of assets held for sale or sold during the period are presented as part of normal operations for all periods presented. As of  December 31, 2016 , the Company had  two  parcels of undeveloped land classified as held for sale. The estimated fair value less selling costs of these assets is greater than the carrying value of the assets, and therefore no loss has been recorded. The Company assesses annually whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company’s investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures may be impaired and when events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. An investment is impaired if management’s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value. To the extent impairment has occurred, and is considered to be other than temporary, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of the investment. As of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , the Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, receivables, other financial instruments included in other assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses, variable-rate notes payable, revolving lines of credit and other liabilities reflected in the consolidated balance sheets at  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , approximate fair value. The fair values of the Company’s notes receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders and other fixed rate notes receivable were based on the discounted estimated future cash flow of the notes (categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy); the discount rate used approximated the current market rate for loans with similar maturities and credit quality. The fair values of the Company’s fixed rate notes payable and notes payable to trusts were estimated using the discounted estimated future cash payments to be made on such debt (categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy); the discount rates used approximated current market rates for loans, or groups of loans, with similar maturities and credit quality. The fair value of the Company’s exchangeable senior notes was estimated using an average market price for similar securities obtained from a third party. 52 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated The fair values of the Company’s fixed-rate assets and liabilities were as follows for the periods indicated:   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015   Fair  Value   Carrying  Value   Fair  Value   Carrying  Value Notes receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders $ 125,642   $ 120,230   $ 128,216   $ 120,230 Fixed rate notes receivable $ 53,450   $ 52,201   $ 86,814   $ 84,331 Fixed rate notes payable and notes payable to trusts $ 2,404,996   $ 2,417,558   $ 1,828,486   $ 1,806,904 Exchangeable senior notes $ 706,827   $ 638,170   $ 770,523   $ 660,364 Real Estate Assets Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Direct and allowable internal costs associated with the development, construction, renovation, and improvement of real estate assets are capitalized. Interest, property taxes, and other costs associated with development incurred during the construction period are capitalized. The construction period begins when expenditures for the real estate assets have been made and activities that are necessary to prepare the asset for its intended use are in progress. The construction period ends when the asset is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major replacements and betterments that improve or extend the life of the asset are capitalized and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the buildings and improvements, which are generally between  five  and  39  years. In connection with the Company’s acquisition of operating stores, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired based on their fair values, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, is determined as if vacant. Intangible assets, which represent the value of existing tenant relationships, are recorded at their fair values based on the avoided cost to replace the current leases. The Company measures the value of tenant relationships based on the rent lost due to the amount of time required to replace existing customers, which is based on the Company’s historical experience with turnover in its stores. Debt assumed as part of an acquisition is recorded at fair value based on current interest rates compared to contractual rates.       Stores purchased at the time of certificate of occupancy issuance are considered asset acquisitions.  As such, the purchase price is allocated to the land and buildings acquired based on their fair values.  Any debt assumed as part of the acquisition is recorded at fair value based on current interest rates compared to contractual rates.  Acquisition-related transactions costs are capitalized as part of the purchase price. Intangible lease rights represent: (1) purchase price amounts allocated to leases on  three  stores that cannot be classified as ground or building leases; these rights are amortized to expense over the life of the leases and (2) intangibles related to ground leases on  eight  stores where the leases were assumed by the Company at rates that were lower than the current market rates for similar leases. The values associated with these assumed leases were recorded as intangibles, which will be amortized over the lease terms. Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures The Company’s investments in real estate joint ventures, where the Company has significant influence, but not control and joint ventures which are VIEs in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Under the equity method, the Company’s investment in real estate ventures is stated at cost and adjusted for the Company’s share of net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions. Equity in earnings of real estate ventures is generally recognized based on the Company’s ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate ventures. For the purposes of presentation in the statement of cash flows, the Company follows the “look through” approach for classification of distributions from joint ventures. Under this approach, distributions are reported under operating cash flow unless the facts and circumstances of a specific distribution clearly indicate that it is a return of capital (e.g., a liquidating dividend or distribution of the proceeds from the joint venture’s sale of assets), in which case it is reported as an investing activity. 53 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company’s cash is deposited with financial institutions located throughout the United States and at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments with a maturity date of  three  months or less to be cash equivalents. Restricted Cash Restricted cash is comprised of letters of credit and escrowed funds deposited with financial institutions located throughout the United States relating to earnest money deposits on potential acquisitions, real estate taxes, insurance and capital expenditures. Other Assets Other assets consist of equipment and fixtures, rents receivable by our tenants, investments in trusts, notes receivable, other intangible assets, deferred tax assets, prepaid expenses and the fair value of interest rate swaps. Depreciation of equipment and fixtures is computed on a straight-line basis over  3  to  5  years. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting. The Company made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. Risk Management and Use of Financial Instruments In the normal course of its ongoing business operations, the Company encounters economic risk. There are  three  main components of economic risk: interest rate risk, credit risk and market risk. The Company is subject to interest rate risk on its interest-bearing liabilities. Credit risk is the risk of inability or unwillingness of tenants to make contractually required payments. Market risk is the risk of declines in the value of stores due to changes in rental rates, interest rates or other market factors affecting the value of stores held by the Company. The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to manage a portion of its interest rate risk. Exchange of Common Operating Partnership Units Redemption of common Operating Partnership units for shares of common stock, when redeemed under the original provisions of the Operating Partnership agreement, are accounted for by reclassifying the underlying net book value of the units from noncontrolling interest to the Company’s equity. Revenue and Expense Recognition Rental revenues are recognized as earned based upon amounts that are currently due from tenants. Leases are generally on month-to-month terms. Prepaid rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. Promotional discounts are recognized as a reduction to rental income over the promotional period. Late charges, administrative fees, merchandise sales and truck rentals are recognized as income when earned. Management fee revenues are recognized monthly as services are performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real  54 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated estate entities is recognized based on the Company's ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate entities. Interest income is recognized as earned. Property expenses, including utilities, property taxes, repairs and maintenance and other costs to manage the facilities are recognized as incurred. The Company accrues for property tax expense based upon invoice amounts, estimates and historical trends. If these estimates are incorrect, the timing of expense recognition could be affected. Tenant reinsurance premiums are recognized as revenue over the period of insurance coverage. The Company records an unpaid claims liability at the end of each period based on existing unpaid claims and historical claims payment history. The unpaid claims liability represents an estimate of the ultimate cost to settle all unpaid claims as of each period end, including both reported but unpaid claims and claims that may have been incurred but have not been reported. The Company uses a third party claims administrator to adjust all tenant reinsurance claims received. The administrator evaluates each claim to determine the ultimate claim loss and includes an estimate for claims that may have been incurred but not reported. Annually, a third party actuary evaluates the adequacy of the unpaid claims liability. Prior year claim reserves are adjusted as experience develops or new information becomes known. The impact of such adjustments is included in the current period operations. The unpaid claims liability is not discounted to its present value. Each tenant chooses the amount of insurance coverage they want through the tenant reinsurance program. Tenants can purchase policies in amounts of  two thousand  dollars to  ten thousand  dollars of insurance coverage in exchange for a monthly fee. As of  December 31, 2016 , the average insurance coverage for tenants was approximately  two thousand eight hundred  dollars. The Company’s exposure per claim is limited by the maximum amount of coverage chosen by each tenant. The Company purchases reinsurance for losses exceeding a set amount for any one event. The Company does  not  currently have any amounts recoverable under the reinsurance arrangements. Real Estate Sales In general, sales of real estate and related profits/losses are recognized when all consideration has changed hands and risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred. Certain types of continuing involvement preclude sale treatment and related profit recognition; other forms of continuing involvement allow for sale recognition but require deferral of profit recognition. Advertising Costs The Company incurs advertising costs primarily attributable to internet, directory and other advertising. These costs are expensed as incurred. The Company recognized  $12,867 ,  $10,528 , and  $8,843  in advertising expense for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , respectively, which are included in property operating expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. Income Taxes The Company has elected to be treated as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. In order to maintain its qualification as a REIT, among other things, the Company is required to distribute at least  90%  of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of its income and assets. As a REIT, the Company is not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of its income which meets certain criteria and is distributed annually to stockholders. The Company plans to continue to operate so that it meets the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. If the Company were to fail to meet these requirements, it would be subject to federal income tax. The Company is subject to certain state and local taxes. Provision for such taxes has been included in income tax expense on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended  December 31, 2016 ,  0%  (unaudited) of all distributions to stockholders qualified as a return of capital. The Company has elected to treat its corporate subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc. (“ESMI”), as a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”). In general, the Company’s TRS may perform additional services for tenants and may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business. A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax. ESM Reinsurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of ESMI, generates income from insurance premiums that are subject to corporate federal income tax and state insurance premiums tax. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. At  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , there were  no  material unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalties relating  55 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred. As of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , the Company had  no  interest or penalties related to uncertain tax provisions. Stock-Based Compensation The measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards to employees and directors are based on estimated fair values. Awards granted are valued at fair value and any compensation element is recognized on a straight line basis over the service periods of each award. Earnings Per Common Share Basic earnings per common share is computed using the two-class method by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. All outstanding unvested restricted stock awards contain rights to non-forfeitable dividends and participate in undistributed earnings with common stockholders; accordingly, they are considered participating securities that are included in the two-class method. Diluted earnings per common share measures the performance of the Company over the reporting period while giving effect to all potential common shares that were dilutive and outstanding during the period. The denominator includes the weighted average number of basic shares and the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares that were dilutive had been issued, and is calculated using either the two-class, treasury stock or as if-converted method, whichever is most dilutive. Potential common shares are securities (such as options, convertible debt, Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series A Units”), Series B Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series B Units”), Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series C Units”), Series D Redeemable Preferred Units (“Series D Units”) and common Operating Partnership units (“OP Units”)) that do not have a current right to participate in earnings of the Company but could do so in the future by virtue of their option, redemption or conversion right. In computing the dilutive effect of convertible securities, net income is adjusted to add back any changes in earnings in the period associated with the convertible security. The numerator also is adjusted for the effects of any other non-discretionary changes in income or loss that would result from the assumed conversion of those potential common shares. In computing diluted earnings per common share, only potential common shares that are dilutive (those that reduce earnings per common share) are included. For the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , options to purchase approximately  88,552 ,  62,254 , and  27,374  shares of common stock, respectively, were excluded from the computation of earnings per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.      For the purposes of computing the diluted impact of the potential exchange of the Preferred Operating Partnership Units for common shares upon redemption, where the Company has the option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the intent and ability to settle the redemption in shares, The Company divided the total value of the Preferred Operating Partnership units by the average share price of  $83.81  for the year ended  December 31, 2016 . The following table presents the number of weighted OP Units and Preferred Operating Partnership units, and the potential common shares, that were excluded from the computation of earnings per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive:   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014   Number of Units   Equivalent Shares (if converted)   Number of Units   Equivalent Shares (if converted)   Number of Units   Equivalent Shares (if converted) Common OP Units 5,564,631   5,564,631   —   —   —   — Series A Units (Variable Only) 875,480   875,480   —   —   —   — Series B Units 1,676,087   499,966   1,676,087   579,640   1,592,062   764,385 Series C Units 704,016   353,646   704,016   410,002   605,256   489,366 Series D Units 1,853,193   552,796   548,390   189,649   13,522   6,492   10,673,407   7,846,519   2,928,493   1,179,291   2,210,840   1,260,243 56 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated The Operating Partnership had  $63,170  of its  2.375%  Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 (the “2013 Notes”) issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2016 . The 2013 Notes could potentially have a dilutive impact on the Company’s earnings per share calculations. The 2013 Notes are exchangeable by holders into shares of the Company’s common stock under certain circumstances per the terms of the indenture governing the 2013 Notes. The exchange price of the 2013 Notes was  $54.09  per share as of  December 31, 2016 , and could change over time as described in the indenture. The Company has irrevocably agreed to pay only cash for the accreted principal amount of the 2013 Notes relative to its exchange obligations, but retained the right to satisfy the exchange obligation in excess of the accreted principal amount in cash and/or common stock. The Operating Partnership had  $575,000  of its  3.125%  Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2035 (the “2015 Notes”) issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2016 . The 2015 Notes could potentially have a dilutive impact on the Company’s earnings per share calculations. The 2015 Notes are exchangeable by holders into shares of the Company’s common stock under certain circumstances per the terms of the indenture governing the 2015 Notes. The exchange price of the 2015 Notes was  $94.71  per share as of  December 31, 2016 , and could change over time as described in the indenture. The Company has irrevocably agreed to pay only cash for the accreted principal amount of the 2015 Notes relative to its exchange obligations, but retained the right to satisfy the exchange obligation in excess of the accreted principal amount in cash and/or common stock. Though the Company has retained that right, Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 260,  “Earnings per Share,”  requires an assumption that shares would be used to pay the exchange obligation in excess of the accreted principal amount, and requires that those shares be included in the Company’s calculation of weighted average common shares outstanding for the diluted earnings per share computation. For the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 ,  309,730  shares,  513,040  shares, and  130,883  shares, respectively, related to the 2013 Notes were included in the computation for diluted earnings per share. For the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015 , and  2014 ,  no  shares related to the 2015 Notes were included in the computation for diluted earnings per share as the exchange price exceeded the per share price of the Company’s common stock during this period.  For the purposes of computing the diluted impact on earnings per share of the potential exchange of Series A Units for common shares upon redemption, where the Company has the option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the positive intent and ability to settle at least  $115,000  of the instrument in cash (or net settle a portion of the Series A Units against the related outstanding note receivable), only the amount of the instrument in excess of  $115,000  is considered in the calculation of shares contingently issuable for the purposes of computing diluted earnings per share as allowed by ASC 260-10-45-46. 57 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated The computation of earnings per share is as follows for the periods presented:   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 366,127   $ 189,474   $ 178,355 Earnings and dividends allocated to participating securities (792 )   (601 )   (490 ) Earnings for basic computations 365,335   188,873   177,865 Earnings and dividends allocated to participating securities 792   —   — Income allocated to noncontrolling interest - Preferred Operating Partnership (Series A Units) and Operating Partnership —   14,790   13,575 Fixed component of income allocated to noncontrolling interest - Preferred Operating Partnership (Series A Units) —   (5,088 )   (5,586 ) Net income for diluted computations $ 366,127   $ 198,575   $ 185,854 Weighted average common shares outstanding:           Average number of common shares outstanding - basic  125,087,554   119,816,743   115,713,807 OP Units —   5,451,357   4,335,837 Series A Units —   875,480   961,747 Unvested restricted stock awards included for treasury stock method 299,585   —   — Shares related to exchangeable senior notes and dilutive stock options 560,937   775,289   423,876 Average number of common shares outstanding - diluted 125,948,076   126,918,869   121,435,267 Earnings per common share           Basic $ 2.92   $ 1.58   $ 1.54 Diluted $ 2.91   $ 1.56   $ 1.53 Recently Issued Accounting Standards In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-9, “ Revenue from Contracts with Customers, ” which amends the guidance for revenue recognition to replace numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges areas under this topic with those of the International Financial Reporting Standards. ASU 2014-9 outlines a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. The amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers.  ASU 2014-9 includes all contracts with customers to provide goods and services in the ordinary course of business, except for certain contracts that are specifically excluded from the scope, such as lease contracts and insurance contracts. ASU 2014-9 was originally effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. In July 2015, the FASB approved a one-year deferral of the effective date of the standard. The new standard will now become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption on the original effective date permitted.  The Company has determined that its property rental revenue and tenant reinsurance revenue will not be subject to the guidance in ASU 2014-9, as they qualify as lease contract and insurance contracts, which are excluded from its scope.  The Company's management fee revenue will be included in the scope of ASU 2014-9, however, based on the Company's initial assessment, it appears that revenue recognized under ASU 2014-9 will not differ materially from revenue recognized under existing guidance.  We continue to assess all potential impacts of ASU 2014-9.  The Company anticipates adopting the standard using the modified retrospective transition method as of January 1, 2018. In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-3, “ Interest—Imputation of Interest: Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, ” which requires debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. The new guidance only impacts financial statement presentation. The guidance is effective in the first quarter of 2016 and allows for early adoption. The Company adopted this guidance October 1, 2015. The Company adopted ASU 2015-3 on a retrospective basis. 58 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,  “Interest—Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements,”  which provides guidance regarding the classification of debt issuance costs associated with lines of credit. Specifically, deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement is allowed. The Company adopted this guidance effective October 1, 2015. The Company continued to present the debt issuance costs and related accumulated amortization relating to its lines of credit as assets. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  "Leases (Topic 842),"  which modifies the accounting for leases, intending to increase transparency and comparability of organizations by requiring balance sheet presentation of leased assets and increased financial statement disclosure of leasing arrangements.  ASU 2016-02 will require entities to recognize a liability for their lease obligations and a corresponding asset representing the right to use the underlying asset over the lease term.  Lease obligations are to be measured at the present value and accounted for using the effective interest method.  The accounting for the leased asset will differ slightly depending on whether the agreement is deemed to be a financing or operating lease. For finance leases, the leased asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis and recorded separately from the interest expense in the statements of operations, resulting in higher expense in the earlier part of the lease term. For operating leases, the depreciation and interest expense components are combined, recognized evenly over the term of the lease, and presented as a reduction to operating income. ASU 2016-02 requires that assets and liabilities be presented or disclosed separately, and requires additional disclosure of certain qualitative and quantitative information related to these lease agreements.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018.  The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption on ASU 2016-02 on the Company's consolidated financial statements. In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-01,  "Business Combinations (Topic 805) - Clarifying the Definition of a Business,"  which provides guidance on whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions or disposals of assets or businesses.  Specifically, when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, the set is not a business.  Additionally, ASU 2017-01 also provides other guidance providing a more robust framework to use in determining whether a set of assets and activities is a business.  This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early application of ASU 2017-01 is permitted for transactions for which the acquisition or disposition date occurs before the issuance date or effective date of the amendments, only when the transaction has not been reported in financial statements that have been issued.   The Company plans to apply the guidance in ASU 2017-01 to new acquisitions beginning on January 1, 2017.  The adoption of this guidance will result in a decrease in acquisition related costs, as the Company's acquisition of operating stores will likely be considered asset acquisitions rather than business combinations under ASU 2017-01. 3.      REAL ESTATE ASSETS The components of real estate assets are summarized as follows:   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 Land - operating $ 1,664,659   $ 1,384,009 Land - development 26,982   17,313 Buildings, improvements and other intangibles 5,833,836   4,886,397 Intangible assets - tenant relationships 111,528   95,891 Intangible lease rights 12,443   8,877   7,649,448   6,392,487 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization (900,861 )   (728,087 ) Net operating real estate assets 6,748,587   5,664,400 Real estate under development/redevelopment 21,860   24,909 Net real estate assets $ 6,770,447   $ 5,689,309 Real estate assets held for sale included in net real estate assets $ 1,970   $ 10,774 As of  December 31, 2016 , the Company had  two  parcels of undeveloped land classified as held for sale. The estimated fair value less selling costs of each of these assets is greater than the carrying value of the assets, and therefore no loss has been  59 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated recorded.  These assets held for sale are included in the property management, acquisition and development segment of the Company’s segment information.  The Company expects this land to be sold by the end of 2017. The Company amortizes to expense intangible assets—tenant relationships on a straight-line basis over the average period that a tenant is expected to utilize the facility (currently estimated at  18 months ). The Company amortizes to expense the intangible lease rights over the terms of the related leases. Amortization related to the tenant relationships and lease rights was  $21,133 ,  $11,695 , and  $12,996  for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , respectively. The remaining balance of the unamortized lease rights will be amortized over the next  2 years  to  45 years . 4.     PROPERTY ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS The following table shows the Company’s acquisitions of operating stores for the years ended  December 31, 2016  and  2015 .  The table excludes purchases of raw land or improvements made to existing assets.           Consideration Paid   Fair Value Property Location Number of Stores   Date of Acquisition   Total   Cash Paid   Loan Assumed Notes issued to/from Seller Net Liabilities/(Assets) Assumed Value of OP Units Issued Number of OP Units Issued   Real estate assets Arizona 1   12/21/2016   $ 9,513   $ 9,500   $ — $ — $ 13 $ — —   $ 9,513 Washington  1   11/22/2016   12,743   12,726   — — 17 — —   12,743 Hawaii 2   11/18/2016   15,394   15,356   — — 38 — —   15,394 Georgia 1   11/17/2016   7,998   8,009   — — (11 ) — —   7,998 Various states  (1) 11   11/17/2016   152,953   153,017   — — (64 ) — —   161,072 California 1   11/17/2016   17,892   17,860   — — 32 — —   17,892 North Carolina 1   11/14/2016   13,242   13,241   — — 1 — —   13,242 Illinois 1   11/8/2016   12,304   9   — — 139 12,156 486,244   12,304 Maryland 1   11/2/2016   14,807   9,040   — — (75 ) 5,842 77,575,000   14,807 Texas 1   10/25/2016   6,743   6,685   — — 58 — —   6,743 Minnesota 1   10/12/2016   17,744   17,729   — — 15 — —   17,744 Texas 3   10/6/2016   22,302   22,131   — — 171 — —   22,302 Utah 1   10/4/2016   8,429   3,750   — — 4,679 — —   8,429 California 1   10/4/2016   8,500   8,516   — — (16 ) — —   8,500 California 1   9/21/2016   13,800   13,782   — — 18 — —   13,800 Various states (2) 23   9/16/2016   237,542   237,800   — — (258 ) — —   248,530 California 1   8/31/2016   3,990   3,998   — — (8 ) — —   3,990 Texas 1   8/12/2016   9,993   9,915   — — 78 — —   9,993 Hawaii 1   7/14/2016   30,955   30,850   — — 105 — —   30,955 Massachusetts 1   6/30/2016   13,807   13,751   — — 56 — —   13,807 Georgia 1   6/30/2016   7,900   6,696   — — 4 1,200 13,764   7,900 Illinois 4   6/10/2016   55,851   —   — — 814 55,037 2,201,467   55,851 Texas 4   6/2/2016   37,478   37,246   — — 232 — —   37,478 South Carolina 1   5/10/2016   8,249   8,230   — — 19 — —   8,249 Washington, DC 1   5/5/2016   32,968   23,163   9,723 — 82 — —   32,968 Indiana 5   4/22/2016   26,983   26,849   — — 134 — —   26,983 Colorado 1   4/19/2016   7,904   7,869   — — 35 — —   7,904 Arizona 1   4/18/2016   8,154   8,029   — — 125 — —   8,154 Texas 1   4/15/2016   10,978   10,922   — — 56 — —   10,978 Arizona 1   4/5/2016   5,000   4,999   — — 1 — —   5,000 Hawaii 1   4/5/2016   28,992   28,935   — — 57 — —   28,992 New Mexico 1   3/29/2016   10,958   10,928   — — 30 — —   10,958 New Mexico 1   3/29/2016   17,940   17,905   — — 35 — —   17,940 Georgia 3   3/29/2016   25,087   25,069   — — 18 — —   25,087 60 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated           Consideration Paid   Fair Value Property Location Number of Stores   Date of Acquisition   Total   Cash Paid   Loan Assumed Notes issued to/from Seller Net Liabilities/(Assets) Assumed Value of OP Units Issued Number of OP Units Issued   Real estate assets Texas 1   3/21/2016   9,994   9,969   — — 25 — —   9,994 Illinois 1   2/25/2016   16,721   16,738   — — (17 ) — —   16,721 Massachusetts 1   2/16/2016   16,169   16,174   — — (5 ) — —   16,169 Various states  (3) 6   2/2/2016   53,898   53,940   — — (42 ) — —   98,082 Texas 3   1/14/2016   22,625   22,523   — — 102 — —   22,625 Florida 1   1/12/2016   9,001   8,980   — — 21 — —   9,001 Texas 3   1/7/2016   27,537   27,435   — — 102 — —   27,537 New Mexico 2   1/7/2016   15,607   15,495   — — 112 — —   15,607 2016 Totals 99       $ 1,086,645   $ 995,759   $ 9,723 $ — $ 6,928 $ 74,235 2,779,050   $ 1,149,936                                 California 1   12/11/2015   $ 9,708   $ 9,712   $ — $ — $ (4 ) $ — $ —   $ 9,708 North Carolina  1   12/8/2015   5,301   5,327   — — (26 ) — —   5,301 Oregon 1   11/24/2015   9,992   9,994   — — (2 ) — —   9,992 Florida 3   11/19/2015   20,003   19,951   — — 52 — —   20,003 Texas 1   11/16/2015   14,396   7,115   — — 60 7,221 91,434   14,396 Texas 1   10/23/2015   8,700   8,678   — — 22 — —   8,700 New Jersey 1   10/7/2015   7,240   7,204   — — 36 — —   7,240 Various  (4) 122   10/1/2015   1,176,893   1,218,173   — — (69,936 ) 28,656 376,848   1,176,898 Maryland 1   9/10/2015   6,091   6,109   — — (18 ) — —   6,091 North Carolina  1   6/19/2015   6,976   6,915   — — 61 — —   6,976 Florida 1   6/18/2015   17,547   12,567   — — 207 4,773 71,054   17,547 Florida  (5) 1   6/17/2015   4,923   359   — 4,601 (37 ) — —   6,023 Illinois 1   6/8/2015   10,049   9,973   — — 76 — —   10,049 Massachusetts 1   5/13/2015   12,500   12,503   — — (3 ) — —   12,500 Georgia 1   5/7/2015   6,496   6,456   — — 40 — —   6,496 North Carolina  1   5/5/2015   10,994   10,963   — — 31 — —   10,994 Georgia 1   4/24/2015   6,498   6,449   — — 49 — —   6,498 Arizona, Texas 22   4/15/2015   177,673   75,102   — — 822 101,749 1,504,277   177,673 Texas 1   4/14/2015   8,640   8,570   — — 70 — —   8,640 California  (6) 1   3/30/2015   12,334   1,700   — 11,009 (375 ) — —   12,699 South Carolina 2   3/30/2015   13,136   13,114   — — 22 — —   13,136 Virginia 1   3/17/2015   4,996   4,988   — — 8 — —   4,996 Texas 1   2/24/2015   13,554   13,503   — — 51 — —   13,554 Texas 3   1/13/2015   41,869   41,771   — — 98 — —   41,869 2015 Totals 171       $ 1,606,509   $ 1,517,196   $ — $ 15,610 $ (68,696 ) $ 142,399 2,043,613   $ 1,607,979                                 61 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated (1) On November 17, 2016, the Company acquired  11  stores from its ESS WCOT LLC joint venture ("WCOT") in a step acquisition.  These stores are located in California, Georgia, Maryland, New Mexico, Tennessee and Virginia.  The Company owns  5.0%  of WCOT, with the other  95.0%  owned by affiliates of Prudential Global Investment Management ("Prudential").  WCOT created a new subsidiary, Extra Space Properties 132 LLC ("ESP 132") and transferred  11  stores into ESP 132.  WCOT then distributed ESP 132 to the Company and Prudential on a pro rata basis.  This distribution was accounted for as a spinoff, and was therefore recorded at the net carrying amount of the properties of  $68,814 .  Immediately after the distribution, the Company acquired Prudential's  95.0%  interest in ESP 132 for  $153,304 , resulting in  100%  ownership of ESP 132 and the related  11  stores.  Based on the purchase price of Prudential's share of ESP 132, the Company determined that the fair value of its investment in ESP 132 immediately prior to the acquisition of Prudential's share was  $8,119 , and the Company recorded a gain of  $4,651  as a result of remeasuring to fair value its existing equity interest in ESP 132.  This gain is included in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners' interests on the Company's consolidated statements of operations.  The Company recorded fixed assets related to this acquisition of  $161,072 , which includes total cash paid, the investment in ESP 132, and the step acquisition gain, less net assets acquired.  (2) On September 16, 2016, the Company acquired  23  stores from its ESS PRISA II LLC joint venture ("PRISA II") in a step acquisition.  These stores are located in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Florida, Indiana, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, New Mexico, Ohio, Tennessee and Virginia.  The Company owned  4.4%  of PRISA II, with the other  95.6%  owned by affiliates of Prudential.  PRISA II created a new subsidiary, Extra Space Properties 131 LLC ("ESP 131"), and transferred  23  stores into ESP 131.  PRISA II then distributed ESP 131 to the Company and Prudential on a pro rata basis.  This distribution was accounted for as a spinoff, and was therefore recorded at the net carrying amount of the properties of  $4,326 .  Immediately after the distribution, the Company acquired Prudential's  95.6%  interest in ESP 131 for  $238,679 , resulting in  100%  ownership of ESP 131 and the related  23  stores.  Based on the purchase price of Prudential's share of ESP 131, the Company determined that the fair value of its investment in ESP 131 immediately prior to the acquisition of Prudential's share was  $10,988 , and the Company recorded a gain of  $6,778  as a result of re-measuring to fair value its existing equity interest in ESP 131.  This gain is included in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners' interests on the Company's consolidated statements of operations.  The Company recorded fixed assets related to this acquisition of  $248,530 , which includes total cash paid, the investment in ESP 131, and the step acquisition gain, less net assets acquired.  Subsequent to these transactions, PRISA II owned  42  stores.  The Company sold its  4.4%  interest in PRISA II to Prudential immediately following these transactions, as disclosed in Note 5. (3) On February 2, 2016, the Company acquired  six  stores from its VRS Self Storage LLC joint venture (“VRS”) in a step acquisition. These stores are located in Florida, Maryland, Nevada, New York, and Tennessee.  The Company owns  45.0%  of VRS, with the other  55.0%  owned by affiliates of Prudential. VRS created a new subsidiary, Extra Space Properties 122 LLC (“ESP 122”) and transferred  six  stores into ESP 122. VRS then distributed ESP 122 to the Company and Prudential on a pro rata basis. This distribution was accounted for as a spinoff, and was therefore recorded at the net carrying amount of the properties of  $17,261 . Immediately after the distribution, the Company acquired Prudential’s  55.0%  interest in ESP 122 for  $53,940 , resulting in  100%  ownership of ESP 122 and the related  six  stores. Based on the purchase price of Prudential’s share of ESP 122, the Company determined that the fair value of its investment in ESP 122 immediately prior to the acquisition of Prudential’s share was  $44,184 , and the Company recorded a gain of  $26,923  as a result of re-measuring to fair value its existing equity interest in ESP 122. This gain is included in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners’ interests on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations.  The Company recorded fixed assets related to this acquisition of  $98,082 , which includes total cash paid, the investment in ESP 122, and the step acquisition gain, less net assets acquired. (4) This represents the acquisition of SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. (“SmartStop”). See below for more detailed information about this acquisition. (5) The Company determined the consideration paid for this store was below its market value, and recognized a  $1,100  gain, representing the difference between the fair value of the store and the consideration paid. (6) This represents the acquisition of a joint venture partners’ interest in Extra Space of Sacramento One LLC (“Sacramento One”), an existing joint venture, for  $1,700  in cash. The result of the acquisition is that the Company owns  100%  of Sacramento One, which owned one store located in California. Prior to the acquisition date, the Company accounted for its interest in Sacramento One as an equity-method investment, and the Company also held mortgage notes receivable from Sacramento One totaling  $11,009 , including related interest. The total acquisition date fair value of the Company’s previous equity interest was approximately  $365  and is included in consideration transfered. The Company recognized a non-cash gain of  $1,629  as a result of remeasuring the fair value of its equity  62 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated interest held prior to the acquisition. The store is consolidated subsequent to the acquisition as the Company owns  100%  of the store. Acquisition of SmartStop On October 1, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of SmartStop, a public non-traded REIT (the “Transaction”), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 15, 2015 (the “Merger Agreement”). The Company completed the Transaction as part of its strategy to acquire stores and portfolios of stores that can increase stockholder value. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, SmartStop shareholders received  $13.75  per share in cash, which represented a total purchase price of approximately  $1,391,272 . In connection with the Transaction, it was agreed that certain assets would be excluded from the Company’s acquisition of SmartStop (the “Excluded Assets”). The Company had determined that the Excluded Assets were not complementary to the Company’s business or otherwise not of primary interest to the Company. These Excluded Assets were instead sold by SmartStop to Strategic 1031, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Strategic 1031”), prior to the Transaction. The Excluded Assets included  five  SmartStop stores located in Canada, one parcel of land located in California that is under development, and SmartStop’s non-traded REIT platform. Strategic 1031 is owned by and controlled by SmartStop’s former Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board of Directors. The following table reconciles the purchase price to cash paid by the Company and total consideration transferred to acquire SmartStop: Total purchase price $ 1,391,272 Less: amount paid for Excluded Assets by Strategic 1031 (90,360 ) Total purchase price attributable to the Company $ 1,300,912 Total cash paid by the Company $ 1,272,256 Fair value of OP Units issued to certain SmartStop unit holders 28,656   1,300,912 Less: Cash paid for transaction costs 8,053 Less: Cash paid for defeasance and prepayment fees 38,360 Less: Severance and share-based compensation to SmartStop employees 7,665 Total consideration transferred $ 1,246,834 As part of this acquisition, the Company recorded an expense of  $38,360  related to defeasance costs and prepayment penalties incurred related to the repayment of SmartStop’s existing debt as of the acquisition date. The Company incurred  $8,053  of professional fees/closing costs,  $6,338  of severance-related costs, and  $1,327  of other payroll-related costs for a total of  $54,078  that was paid at closing. Another  $9,043  of other acquisition related costs were incurred that were not paid in connection with the closing for a total of  $63,121 . The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The Company’s allocation of consideration transferred for SmartStop is as follows: Land $ 179,700 Buildings 978,368 Intangibles 18,830 Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures 60,981 Other assets 34,500 Total assets acquired 1,272,379 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities assumed 17,064 Other liabilities assumed 8,481 Total net assets acquired $ 1,246,834 The Company agreed to loan Strategic 1031  $84,331  to finance the purchase of the Excluded Assets. The loans are secured by an interest in the Excluded Assets and accrue interest at  7.0%  per annum until February 1, 2017, when the interest  63 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated rate increases to  9.0% . The loans are due May 30, 2018.  As of   December 31, 2016 , the remaining principal balance was  $52,201 .  These loans receivable are included in Other assets on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Pro Forma Information During the year ended  December 31, 2016 , the Company acquired  99  operating stores.  The following pro forma financial information includes  66  of the  99  operating stores acquired.   33  stores were excluded as it was impractical to obtain the historical information from the previous owners and in total they represent and immaterial amount of total revenues. The following pro forma financial information is based on the combined historical financial statements of the Company and  66  of the stores acquired, and presents the Company’s results as if the acquisitions had occurred as of January 1, 2015 (unaudited):     For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   Pro Forma   Pro Forma Total revenues $ 1,025,639   $ 831,730 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 381,883   $ 212,313 The following table summarizes the revenues and earnings related to the  99  stores acquired during 2016 since their acquisition dates, which are included in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended  December 31, 2016 :   Year Ended December 31, 2016 Total revenues $ 44,712 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 12,560 Store Disposals On July 26, 2016, the Company completed the sale of an operating store located in Indiana that had been classified as held for sale for  $4,447  in cash. The Company recognized  no  gain or loss related to this disposition. On April 20, 2016, the Company completed the sale of  seven  operating stores located in Ohio and Indiana that had been classified as held for sale for  $17,555  in cash. The Company recognized a gain of  $11,265  related to this disposition, which is included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisitions, and sale of other assets on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. On April 1, 2016, the Company disposed of a single store in Texas in exchange for  85,452  of the Company's OP Units valued at  $7,689 . The Operating Partnership canceled the OP Units received in this disposition. The Company recognized a gain of  $93  related to this disposition, which is included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisitions, and sale of other assets on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. Losses on Earnouts from Prior Acquisitions On December 2014, the Company acquired a portfolio of  five  stores located in New Jersey and Virginia.  As part of this acquisition, the Company agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired stores exceeded a specified amount of net operating income for the years ending December 31, 2015 and 2016.  At the acquisition date, the Company recorded an estimated liability related to this earnout provision.  The operating income of these stores during the earnout period has been higher than expected, resulting in an increase in the estimate of the amount due to the sellers of  $4,284 , which was recorded as a loss and included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets on the Company's consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016. During 2011, the Company acquired a store located in Florida. As part of this acquisition, the Company agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired store exceeded a specified amount of net rental income for any twelve-month period prior to June 30, 2015. At the acquisition date,  $133  was recorded as the estimated amount that would be due, and  64 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated the Company believed that it was unlikely that any significant additional payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. Because the rental growth of the stores was trending significantly higher than expected, the Company estimated that an additional earnout payment of  $2,500  would be due to the seller as of December 31, 2014. This amount is included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisitions and sale of other assets on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded a gain of  $400  to adjust the existing liability to the actual amount owed to the sellers as of June 30, 2015. This gain is included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015. During 2012, the Company acquired a portfolio of  ten  stores located in New Jersey and New York. As part of this acquisition, the Company agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired stores exceeded a specified amount of net rental income  two years  after the acquisition date. At the acquisition date, the Company believed that it was unlikely that any significant payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. The rental growth of the stores was significantly higher than expected, resulting in a payment to the sellers of  $7,785 . This amount is included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014. During 2011, the Company acquired a store located in Florida. As part of this acquisition, the Company agreed to make an additional cash payment to the sellers if the acquired store exceeded a specified amount of net rental income for any twelve-month period prior to June 30, 2015. At the acquisition date,  $133  was recorded as the estimated amount that would be due, and the Company believed that it was unlikely that any significant additional payment would be made as a result of this earnout provision. Because the rental growth of the stores was trending significantly higher than expected, the Company estimated that an additional earnout payment of  $2,500  would be due to the seller as of December 31, 2014. This amount is included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisitions and sale of other assets on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2014. During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded a gain of  $400  to adjust the existing liability to the actual amount owed to the sellers as of June 30, 2015. This gain is included in gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets on the Company’s consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2015. 5.     INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures consist of the following:   Equity Ownership %   Excess Profit Participation %   December 31,   2016   2015 VRS Self Storage LLC ("VRS") 45%   54%   $ 20,433   $ 39,091 PR EXR Self Storage, LLC ("PREXR") 25%   40%   12,430   — Storage Portfolio I LLC ("SP I") 25%   25-40%   11,782   11,813 PRISA Self Storage LLC ("PRISA") 4%   4%   10,152   10,309 Extra Space West Two LLC ("ESW II") 5%   40%   4,048   4,122 Clarendon Storage Associates Limited Partnership ("Clarendon") 50%   50%   3,111   3,131 Extra Space of Santa Monica LLC ("ESSM") 48%   48%   1,202   1,200 WCOT Self Storage LLC ("WCOT") 5%   20%   160   3,783 PRISA II Self Storage LLC ("PRISA II") —%   —%   —   8,323 Extra Space West One LLC ("ESW") 5%   40%   (546 )   (405 ) Extra Space Northern Properties Six LLC ("ESNPS") 10%   35%   (905 )   (470 ) Other minority owned properties 10-50%   19-50%   17,703   6,148           79,570   87,045 Investments in Strategic Storage Growth Trust "SSGT"         —   15,962 Total         $ 79,570   $ 103,007 65 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated In these joint ventures, the Company and the joint venture partner generally receive a preferred return on their invested capital. To the extent that cash/profits in excess of these preferred returns are generated through operations or capital transactions, the Company would receive a higher percentage of the excess cash/profits than its equity interest. In accordance with ASC 810, the Company reviews all of its joint venture relationships quarterly to ensure that there are no entities that require consolidation. As of  December 31, 2016 , there were no previously unconsolidated entities that were required to be consolidated as a result of this review. The Company has entered into several new real estate ventures.  The Company accounts for its investment in the following ventures under the equity method of accounting.  Information about these real estate ventures is summarized as follows: Joint venture Date of initial contribution   Initial Investment   Equity Ownership %   Number of operating stores owned BH Ridgelake LLC 12/21/2016   $ 1,301   20.0%   1 ESS-GS Portland & Broadway LLC 10/19/2016   1,250   25.0%   1 ESS-GS Vancouver-139th LLC 9/14/2016   806   25.0%   1 ESS-H Elmont Associates LLC 8/16/2016   4,712   50.0%   1 ESS-GS Hillsboro-73rd LLC 7/8/2016   376   25.0%   1 BH Storage Columbia LLC 5/20/2016   1,034   20.0%   1 PR EXR Self-Storage, LLC 4/8/2016   12,114   25.0%   1 ESS-H Baychester Investments LLC 3/31/2016   4,794   44.4%   1 ESS-H Bloomfield Investment LLC 12/30/2015   2,885   50.0%   1 On September 16, 2016, subsequent to its acquisition of  23  properties as outlined in Note 4, the Company sold its  4.42%  interest in PRISA II to Prudential for  $34,758  in cash.  The carrying value of the Company's investment prior to the acquisition was  $3,912 , and the Company recorded a gain on the sale of  $30,846 .  This gain is included in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners' interests on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. On April 25, 2016, the Company and Prudential entered into the “Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of ESS PRISA LLC” and the “First Amendment to Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of ESS PRISA II LLC” (the “Amendments”).  The Amendments are deemed effective as of April 1, 2016.  Under the Amendments, the Company gave up any future rights to receive distributions from these joint ventures at the higher “excess profit participation” percentage of  17.0%  in exchange for a higher equity ownership percentage.  The Company’s equity ownership in ESS PRISA LLC increased from  2.0%  to  4.0% , and the Company’s equity ownership in ESS PRISA II LLC increased from  2.0%  to  4.4% .  The Company continues to account for its investment in PRISA under the equity method of accounting.  The Company subsequently sold its interest in PRISA II as noted above. In December 2013 and May 2014, the Company acquired  twelve  stores located in California from entities associated with Grupe Properties Co. Inc. (“Grupe.”) As part of the Grupe acquisition, the Company acquired its joint venture partners’  60%  to  65%  equity interests in  six  stores. The Company previously held the remaining  35%  to  40%  interests in these stores through  six  separate joint ventures with Grupe. Prior to the acquisition, the Company accounted for its interests in these joint ventures as equity-method investments. The Company recognized a non-cash gain of  $3,438  during the year ended December 31, 2014 as a result of re-measuring the fair value of its equity interest in one of these joint ventures held before the acquisition. During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company recorded a gain of  $584  as a result of the final cash distributions received from the other  five  joint ventures associated with the acquisitions that were completed during 2013. 66 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures consists of the following:   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Equity in earnings of VRS $ 2,919   $ 4,041   $ 3,510 Equity in earnings of PREXR (172 )   —   — Equity in earnings of SP I 2,380   1,951   1,541 Equity in earnings of PRISA  1,912   1,013   929 Equity in earnings of ESW II 174   145   102 Equity in earnings of Clarendon 620   581   551 Equity in earnings of ESSM 596   493   424 Equity in earnings of WCOT 614   569   498 Equity in earnings of PRISA II 1,016   793   764 Equity in earnings of ESW 2,269   1,875   1,571 Equity in earnings of ESNPS 823   633   513 Equity in earnings of other minority owned properties (256 )   257   138   $ 12,895   $ 12,351   $ 10,541 Equity in earnings of ESW II, SP I and VRS includes the amortization of the Company’s excess purchase price of  $26,806  of these equity investments over its original basis. The excess basis is amortized over  40  years. Information (unaudited) related to the real estate ventures’ debt at  December 31, 2016 , is presented below:   Loan Amount   Current Interest Rate   Debt Maturity VRS - Swapped to fixed $ 52,100   3.19 %   June 2020 PREXR —   — %   Unleveraged SP I - Fixed 86,285   4.66 %   April 2018 PRISA —   — %   Unleveraged ESW II - Swapped to fixed 18,072   3.57 %   February 2019 Clarendon - Swapped to fixed 7,596   5.93 %   September 2018 ESSM - Variable 13,374   2.52 %   May 2021 WCOT - Swapped to fixed 87,500   3.34 %   August 2019 ESW - Variable 17,150   2.02 %   August 2020 ESNPS - Variable 35,500   2.12 %   July 2025 Other minority owned properties 67,087   Various   Various 67 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated Combined, condensed unaudited financial information of VRS, PREXR, SP I, PRISA, ESW II, PRISA II, WCOT, ESW and ESNPS as of December 31,  2016  and  2015 , and for the years ended December 31,  2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , follows:     December 31,   2016   2015 Balance Sheets:       Assets:       Net real estate assets $ 906,637   $ 1,389,974 Other 34,116   33,703   $ 940,753   $ 1,423,677 Liabilities and members' equity:       Notes payable $ 296,607   $ 299,730 Other liabilities 19,878   25,715 Members' equity 624,268   1,098,232   $ 940,753   $ 1,423,677     For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Statements of Income:           Rents and other income $ 269,858   $ 286,857   $ 273,231 Expenses (143,805 )   (155,851 )   (153,973 ) Gain on sale of real estate —   60,495   — Net income $ 126,053   $ 191,501   $ 119,258 In March 2015, PRISA II sold a single store located in New York and recorded a gain of  $60,495 . The Company had no consolidated VIEs for the years ended December 31,  2016  or  2015 . 6.     NOTES PAYABLE AND REVOLVING LINES OF CREDIT The components of notes payable are summarized as follows: Notes Payable December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015   Fixed Rate   Variable Rate   Basis Rate   Maturity Dates Secured fixed rate notes payable  (1) $ 2,297,968   $ 1,613,490   2.8 - 6.1%           March 2017 - September 2026 Secured variable rate notes payable  (1) 642,970   1,094,985       2.4 - 2.8%   Libor plus 1.6 - 2.0%   January 2017 - October 2023 Unsecured fixed rate notes payable —   73,825   3.1%           March 2020 Unsecured variable rate notes payable 300,000   —       2.1%   Libor plus 1.4%   October 2021 - October 2023 Total 3,240,938   2,782,300                 Plus: Premium on notes payable —   872                 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs (27,350 )   (24,605 )                 Total $ 3,213,588   $ 2,758,567                                         (1) The loans are collateralized by mortgages on real estate assets and the assignment of rents. 68 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated On October 14, 2016, the Company entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) which provides for aggregate borrowings of up to  $1.15 billion , consisting of a senior unsecured four-year revolving credit facility of  $500 million  (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), a senior unsecured five-year term loan of up to  $430 million  (the “Five-Year Term Loan Facility”) and a senior unsecured seven-year term loan of up to  $220 million  (the “Seven-Year Term Loan Facility” and, together with the Revolving Credit Facility and the Five-Year Term Loan Facility, the “Credit Facility”). The Company may request an increase in the amount of the commitments under the Credit Facility up to an aggregate of  $1.5 billion , and extend the term of the Revolving Credit Facility for up to  two  additional periods of  six  months each, after satisfying certain conditions. The latest date by which capacity may be drawn on The Five-Year Term Loan Facility and Seven-Year Term Loan Facility are October 13, 2017 and April 4, 2017, respectively.  Costs incurred in connection with the Credit Facility were approximately  $8,000 . These costs are being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the terms of each loan. Amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility bear interest at floating rates, at the Company’s option, equal to either (i) LIBOR plus the applicable Eurodollar rate margin or (ii) the applicable base rate which is the applicable margin plus the highest of (a)  0.0% , (b) the federal funds rate plus  0.50% , (c) U.S. Bank’s prime rate or (d) the Eurodollar rate plus  1.00% . The applicable Eurodollar rate margin will range from  1.35%  to  2.50%  per annum and the applicable base rate margin will range from  0.35%  to  1.50%  per annum, in each case depending on the Company’s Consolidated Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement, and the type of loan. If the Operating Partnership obtains a specified investment grade rating from  two  or more specified credit rating agencies, and elects to use the alternative rates based on the Company’s debt rating, the applicable Eurodollar rate margin will range from  0.85%  to  2.45%  per annum and the applicable base rate margin will range from  0.00%  to  1.45%  per annum, in each case depending on the rating achieved and the type of loan.  The Credit Agreement is guaranteed by the Company and is not secured by any assets of the Company.  As of  December 31, 2016 , the Company was in compliance with all of its financial covenants. The following table summarizes the scheduled maturities of notes payable at  December 31, 2016 :     2017 $ 311,075 2018 356,018 2019 514,121 2020 831,289 2021 664,064 Thereafter 564,371   $ 3,240,938 Real estate assets are pledged as collateral for the secured loans. Of the Company’s  $3,240,938  principal amount in notes payable outstanding at  December 31, 2016 ,  $2,660,814  were recourse due to guarantees or other security provisions. The Company is subject to certain restrictive covenants relating to the outstanding notes payable. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants at  December 31, 2016 . 69 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated All of the Company’s lines of credit are guaranteed by the Company. The following table presents information on the Company’s lines of credit, the proceeds of which are used to repay debt and for general corporate purposes, for the periods indicated:   As of  December 31, 2016             Revolving Lines of Credit Amount Drawn    Capacity    Interest Rate    Origination Date   Maturity   Basis Rate  (1) Credit Line 1  (2) $ 3,000   $ 100,000   2.4%   6/4/2010   6/30/2018   LIBOR plus 1.7% Credit Line 2  (3)(4) 362,000   500,000   2.2%   10/14/2016   10/14/2020   LIBOR plus 1.4%   $ 365,000   $ 600,000                 (1) 30-day USD LIBOR (2) Secured by mortgages on certain real estate assets.  One two-year extension available. (3) Unsecured.  Two six-month extensions available. (4) Basis Rate as of December 31, 2016.  Rate is subject to change based on our consolidated leverage ratio. 7.     DERIVATIVES The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company’s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing and duration of the Company’s known or expected cash receipts and its known or expected cash payments principally related to the Company’s investments and borrowings. Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk The Company’s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (“OCI”) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. A portion of these changes is excluded from accumulated other comprehensive income as it is allocated to noncontrolling interests. During the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. During  2017 , the Company estimates that an additional  $9,244  will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense. The following table summarizes the terms of the Company’s  31  derivative financial instruments, which have a total combined notional amount of  $2,109,486  as of  December 31, 2016 :   Hedge Product    Range of Notional Amounts    Strike    Effective Dates    Maturity Dates Swap Agreements     $4,873 - $267,431     0.84% - 3.84%    10/3/2011 - 10/3/2016    9/20/2018 - 2/1/2024 70 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated Fair Values of Derivative Instruments The table below presents the fair value of the Company’s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the consolidated balance sheets:   Asset (Liability) Derivatives   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Fair Value Other assets $ 23,844   $ 4,996 Other liabilities $ (2,447 )   $ (6,991 ) Effect of Derivative Instruments The tables below present the effect of the Company’s derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented. No tax effect has been presented as the derivative instruments are held by the Company:       Gain (loss) recognized in OCI For the Year Ended December 31,   Location of amounts reclassified from OCI into income   Gain (loss) reclassified from OCI For the Year Ended December 31, Type   2016   2015   2016   2015   2014 Swap Agreements   $ 6,388   $ (17,669 )   Interest expense   $ (18,800 )   $ (12,487 )   $ (8,780 ) Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features The Company has agreements with some of its derivative counterparties that contain provisions pursuant to which, the Company could be declared in default of its derivative obligations if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender. The Company also has an agreement with some of its derivative counterparties that incorporates the loan covenant provisions of the Company’s indebtedness with a lender affiliate of the derivative counterparty. Failure to comply with the loan covenant provisions would result in the Company being in default on any derivative instrument obligations covered by the agreement. As of  December 31, 2016 , the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was  $2,836 . As of  December 31, 2016 , the Company had not posted any collateral related to these agreements. If the Company had breached any of these provisions as of  December 31, 2016 , it could have been required to cash settle its obligations under these agreements at their termination value of  $2,836 . 8.     NOTES PAYABLE TO TRUSTS During July 2005, ESS Statutory Trust III (the “Trust III”), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a wholly-owned, unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, issued an aggregate of  $40,000  of preferred securities which mature on  July 31, 2035 . In addition, the Trust III issued  1,238  of Trust common securities to the Operating Partnership for a purchase price of  $1,238 . On July 27, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the preferred and common securities of  $41,238  were loaned in the form of a note to the Operating Partnership (“Note 3”). Note 3 had a fixed rate of  6.91%  through July 31, 2010, and then was payable at a variable rate equal to the  three month LIBOR  plus  2.4%  per annum. Effective July 11, 2011, the Trust III entered into an interest rate swap that fixes the interest rate to be paid at  5.0%  per annum and matures  July 11, 2018 . The interest on Note 3, payable quarterly, will be used by the Trust III to pay dividends on the trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities became redeemable by the Trust III with  no  prepayment premium on  July 27, 2010 . During May 2005, ESS Statutory Trust II (the “Trust II”), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a wholly-owned, unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership of the Company, issued an aggregate of  $41,000  of preferred securities which mature on  June 30, 2035 . In addition, the Trust II issued  1,269  of Trust common securities to the Operating Partnership for a purchase price of  $1,269 . On May 24, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the preferred and common securities of  $42,269   71 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated were loaned in the form of a note to the Operating Partnership (“Note 2”). Note 2 had a fixed rate of  6.7%  through  June 30, 2010 , and then was payable at a variable rate equal to the  three month LIBOR  plus  2.4%  per annum. Effective July 11, 2011, the Trust II entered into an interest rate swap that fixes the interest rate to be paid at  5.0%  per annum and matures  July 11, 2018 . The interest on Note 2, payable quarterly, will be used by the Trust II to pay dividends on the trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities became redeemable by the Trust II with  no  prepayment premium on June 30, 2010. During April 2005, ESS Statutory Trust I (the “Trust”), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a wholly-owned, unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership of the Company issued an aggregate of  $35,000  of trust preferred securities which mature on  June 30, 2035 . In addition, the Trust issued  1,083  of Trust common securities to the Operating Partnership for a purchase price of  $1,083 . On April 8, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred and common securities of  $36,083  were loaned in the form of a note to the Operating Partnership (the “Note”). The Note has a variable rate equal to the  three month LIBOR  plus  2.3%  per annum. Effective June 30, 2010, the Trust entered into an interest rate swap that fixes the interest rate to be paid at  5.1%  per annum and matures on  June 30, 2018 . The interest on the Note, payable quarterly, will be used by the Trust to pay dividends on the trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities are redeemable by the Trust with  no  prepayment premium. Trust, Trust II and Trust III (together, the “Trusts”) are VIEs because the holders of the equity investment at risk (the trust preferred securities) do not have the power to direct the activities of the entities that most significantly affect the entities’ economic performance because of their lack of voting or similar rights. Because the Operating Partnership’s investment in the Trusts’ common securities was financed directly by the Trusts as a result of its loan of the proceeds to the Operating Partnership, that investment is not considered to be an equity investment at risk. The Operating Partnership’s investment in the Trusts is not a variable interest because equity interests are variable interests only to the extent that the investment is considered to be at risk, and therefore the Operating Partnership cannot be the primary beneficiary of the Trusts. Since the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the Trusts, they have not been consolidated. A debt obligation has been recorded in the form of notes as discussed above for the proceeds, which are owed to the Trusts by the Company. The Company has also recorded its investment in the Trusts’ common securities as other assets. The Company has not provided financing or other support during the periods presented to the Trusts that it was not previously contractually obligated to provide. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the Trusts is equal to the total amount of the notes discussed above less the amounts of the Company’s investments in the Trusts’ common securities. The net amount is the notes payable that the Trusts owe to third parties for their investments in the Trusts’ preferred securities. The notes payable to trusts are presented net of unamortized deferred financing costs of  $2,269  and  $2,399  as of  December 31, 2016  and  2015 , respectively. Following is a tabular comparison of the liabilities the Company has recorded as a result of its involvements with the Trusts to the maximum exposure to loss the Company is subject to related to the Trusts as of  December 31, 2016 :   Notes payable to Trusts   Investment Balance   Maximum exposure to loss   Difference Trust $ 36,083   $ 1,083   $ 35,000   $ — Trust II 42,269   1,269   41,000   — Trust III 41,238   1,238   40,000   —   119,590   3,590   116,000   — Unamortized debt issuance costs (2,269 )         $ 117,321   $ 3,590   $ 116,000   $ — 72 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated 9.     EXCHANGEABLE SENIOR NOTES In September 2015, the Operating Partnership issued  $575,000  of its  3.125%  Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2035. Costs incurred to issue the 2015 Notes were approximately  $11,992 , consisting primarily of a  2.0%  underwriting fee. These costs are being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over  five years , which represents the estimated term based on the first available redemption date, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The 2015 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership and are fully guaranteed by the Company. Interest is payable on April 1 and October 1 of each year beginning April 1, 2016, until the maturity date of October 1, 2035. The Notes bear interest at  3.125%  per annum and contain an exchange settlement feature, which provides that the 2015 Notes may, under certain circumstances, be exchangeable for cash (for the principal amount of the 2015 Notes) and, with respect to any excess exchange value, for cash, shares of the Company’s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company’s common stock, at the Company’s option. The exchange rate of the 2015 Notes as of  December 31, 2016  was approximately  10.56  shares of the Company’s common stock per  $1,000  principal amount of the 2015 Notes. The Operating Partnership may redeem the 2015 Notes at any time to preserve the Company’s status as a REIT. In addition, on or after October 5, 2020, the Operating Partnership may redeem the 2015 Notes for cash, in whole or in part, at  100%  of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, upon at least  30  days but not more than  60  days prior written notice to the holders of the 2015 Notes. The holders of the 2015 Notes have the right to require the Operating Partnership to repurchase the 2015 Notes for cash, in whole or in part, on October 1 of the years 2020, 2025 and 2030, (unless the Operating Partnership has called the 2015 Notes for redemption), and upon the occurrence of certain designated events, in each case for a repurchase price equal to  100%  of the principal amount of the 2015 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. Certain events are considered “Events of Default,” as defined in the indenture governing the 2015 Notes, which may result in the accelerated maturity of the 2015 Notes. On June 21, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued  $250,000  of its  2.375%  Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 at a  1.5%  discount, or  $3,750 . Costs incurred to issue the 2013 Notes were approximately  $1,672 . These costs are being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over  five years , which represents the estimated term based on the first available redemption date, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The 2013 Notes are general unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership and are fully guaranteed by the Company. Interest is payable on January 1 and July 1 of each year beginning January 1, 2014, until the maturity date of July 1, 2033. The 2013 Notes bear interest at  2.375%  per annum and contain an exchange settlement feature, which provides that the 2013 Notes may, under certain circumstances, be exchangeable for cash (for the principal amount of the 2013 Notes) and, with respect to any excess exchange value, for cash, shares of the Company’s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company’s common stock, at the Company’s option. The exchange rate of the 2013 Notes as of  December 31, 2016  was approximately  18.49  shares of the Company’s common stock per  $1,000  principal amount of the 2013 Notes. Additionally, the 2013 Notes and the 2015 Notes can be exchanged during any calendar quarter, if the last reported sale price of the common stock of the Company is greater than or equal to  130%  of the exchange price for at least  20  trading days during a period of  30  consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter. The price of the Company’s common stock exceeded  130%  of the exchange price for the required time period for the 2013 Notes during the quarter ended  December 31, 2016 . Therefore, holders of the 2013 Notes may elect to exchange such notes during the quarter ending March 31, 2017. The price of the Company’s common stock did not exceed  130%  of the exchange price for the required time period for the 2015 Notes during the quarter ended  December 31, 2016 . The Operating Partnership may redeem the 2013 Notes at any time to preserve the Company’s status as a REIT. In addition, on or after July 5, 2018, the Operating Partnership may redeem the 2013 Notes for cash, in whole or in part, at  100%  of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, upon at least  30  days but not more than  60  days prior written notice to the holders of the 2013 Notes. The holders of the 2013 Notes have the right to require the Operating Partnership to repurchase the 2013 Notes for cash, in whole or in part, on July 1 of the years 2018, 2023 and 2028, and upon the occurrence of certain designated events, in each case for a repurchase price equal to  100%  of the principal amount of the 2013 Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest. Certain events are considered “Events of Default,” as defined in the indenture governing the 2013 Notes, which may result in the accelerated maturity of the 2013 Notes. GAAP requires entities with convertible debt instruments that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion to separately account for the liability and equity components of the instrument in a manner that reflects the issuer’s economic interest cost. The Company therefore accounts for the liability and equity components of the 2013 Notes and 2015 Notes separately. The equity components are included in paid-in capital in stockholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheets, and  73 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated the value of the equity components are treated as original issue discount for purposes of accounting for the debt components. The discounts are being amortized as interest expense over the remaining period of the debt through its first redemption date, July 1, 2018 for the 2013 Notes and October 1, 2020 for the 2015 Notes. The effective interest rate on the liability components of both the 2013 Notes and the 2015 Notes is  4.0% , which approximates the market rate of interest of similar debt without exchange features (i.e. nonconvertible debt) at the time of issuance. Information about the carrying amount of the equity component, the principal amount of the liability component, its unamortized discount and its net carrying amount were as follows for the periods indicated:   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 Carrying amount of equity component - 2013 Notes $ —   $ — Carrying amount of equity component - 2015 Notes 22,597   22,597 Carrying amount of equity components $ 22,597   $ 22,597 Principal amount of liability component - 2013 Notes $ 63,170   $ 85,364 Principal amount of liability component -  2015 Notes 575,000   575,000 Unamortized discount - equity component - 2013 Notes (1,187 )   (2,605 ) Unamortized discount - equity component - 2015 Notes (17,355 )   (21,565 ) Unamortized cash discount - 2013 Notes (281 )   (633 ) Unamortized debt issuance costs (9,033 )   (11,698 ) Net carrying amount of liability components $ 610,314   $ 623,863 The amount of interest cost recognized relating to the contractual interest rate and the amortization of the discount on the liability component for the 2013 Notes and 2015 Notes was as follows for the periods indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Contractual interest $ 19,483   $ 9,939   $ 5,936 Amortization of discount 4,980   3,310   2,683 Total interest expense recognized $ 24,463   $ 13,249   $ 8,619 Repurchase of 2013 Notes During April 2016, the Company repurchased a total principal amount of  $2,555  of the 2013 Notes. The Company paid cash for the principal amount and issued a total of  18,031  shares of common stock valued at  $1,686  for the exchange value in excess of the principal amount.  During February 2016, the Company repurchased a total principal amount of  $19,639  of the 2013 Notes. The Company paid cash for the principal amount, and issued a total of  130,909  shares of common stock valued at  $11,380  for the exchange value in excess of the principal amount. As part of the 2015 Notes offering, the Company repurchased  $164,636  of the 2013 Notes for  $227,212  on September 15, 2015.  The Company allocated the value of the consideration paid to repurchase the 2013 Notes (1) to the extinguishment of the liability component and (2) to the reacquisition of the equity component. The amount allocated to the extinguishment of the liability component is equal to the fair value of that component immediately prior to extinguishment. The difference between the consideration attributed to the extinguishment of the liability component and the sum of (a) the net carrying amount of the repurchased liability component, and (b) the related unamortized debt issuance costs, is recognized as a gain on debt extinguishment. The remaining settlement consideration is allocated to the reacquisition of the equity component of the repurchased 2013 Notes and recognized as a reduction of stockholders’ equity. 74 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated Information about the repurchases is as follows:   February 2016   April 2016   September 2015 Principal amount repurchased $ 19,639   $ 2,555   $ 164,636 Amount allocated to:             Extinguishment of liability component $ 18,887   $ 2,476   $ 157,100   Reacquisition of equity component 12,132   1,766   70,112 Total consideration paid for repurchase $ 31,019   $ 4,242   $ 227,212 Exchangeable senior notes repurchased $ 19,639   $ 2,555   $ 164,636 Extinguishment of liability component (18,887 )   (2,476 )   (157,100 ) Discount on exchangeable senior notes (716 )   (72 )   (6,931 ) Related debt issuance costs  (36 )   (7 )   (605 ) Gain/(loss) on repurchase $ —   $ —   $ — 10.         OTHER LIABILITIES The components of other liabilities are summarized as follows:   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 Deferred rental income $ 43,923   $ 35,904 Fair value of interest rate swaps 2,447   6,991 Income taxes payable 1,695   2,223 Deferred tax liability 9,838   10,728 Earnout provisions on acquisitions 5,184   5,510 Unpaid claims liability 10,134   11,313 Other miscellaneous liabilities 14,448   7,820   $ 87,669   $ 80,489 Included in the unpaid claims liability are claims related to the Company’s tenant reinsurance program. For the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , the number of claims made were  4,055 ,  3,959  and  2,942 , respectively. The following table presents information on the portion of the Company’s unpaid claims liability that relates to tenant insurance for the periods indicated:   For the Year Ended December 31, Tenant Reinsurance Claims: 2016   2015   2014 Unpaid claims liability at beginning of year $ 3,908   $ 3,121   $ 2,112 Claims and claim adjustment expense for claims incurred in the current year 7,250   6,421   5,126 Claims and claim adjustment expense (benefit) for claims incurred in the prior years 87   —   (345 ) Payments for current year claims (5,423 )   (4,283 )   (2,954 ) Payments for prior year claims (1,926 )   (1,351 )   (818 ) Unpaid claims liability at the end of the year $ 3,896   $ 3,908   $ 3,121 11.     RELATED PARTY AND AFFILIATED REAL ESTATE JOINT VENTURE TRANSACTIONS The Company provides management services to certain joint ventures, third parties and other related party stores. Management agreements provide generally for management fees of  6.0%  of cash collected from total revenues for the management of operations at the stores. In addition, the Company receives an asset management fee equal to  0.5%  multiplied by the total asset value of the stores owned by the SPI joint venture, provided certain requirements are met. 75 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated Management fee revenues for related party and affiliated real estate joint ventures and other income are summarized as follows:         For the Year Ended December 31, Entity   Type   2016   2015   2014 VRS   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   $ 1,053   $ 1,398   $ 1,326 PREXR   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   20   —   — SP I   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   2,160   2,075   1,999 PRISA   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   6,117   5,809   5,466 ESW II   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   482   452   410 ESSM   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   162   152   132 WCOT   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   1,819   1,799   1,680 PRISA II   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   3,469   4,703   4,635 ESW   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   555   515   480 ESNPS   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   620   584   550 HSRE-ESP IA, LLC ("HSRE")   Affiliated real estate joint ventures   —   —   1,201 Other   Franchisees, third parties and other   23,385   16,674   10,336         $ 39,842   $ 34,161   $ 28,215 Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures balances are summarized as follows:     December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 Mortgage notes receivable   $ 15,860   $ — Other receivables from stores   751   2,205     $ 16,611   $ 2,205 Mortgage notes receivable consist of short-term mortgage notes to joint ventures and  one  three-year revolving line of credit to a joint venture.  These short-term mortgage notes have a maturity of less than a year and the Company believes they are fully collectible.  Other receivables from stores consist of amounts due for management fees, asset management fees and expenses paid on behalf of the stores that the Company manages. The Company believes that all of these related party and affiliated real estate joint venture receivables are fully collectible. The Company does not have any payables to related parties at  December 31, 2016 , or  2015 . The Company has entered into an annual aircraft dry lease and service and management agreement with SpenAero, L.C. (“SpenAero”), an affiliate of Spencer F. Kirk, who was the Company's Chief Executive Officer through  December 31, 2016  and continues to serve as a member of the Company's Board of Directors.  Under the terms of the agreement, the Company pays a defined hourly rate for use of the aircraft. During the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , the Company paid SpenAero  $1,180 ,  $1,163  and  $1,059 , respectively. The services that the Company receives from SpenAero are similar in nature and comparable in price to those that are provided to other outside third parties. 12.     STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY The Company’s charter provides that it can issue up to  500,000,000  shares of common stock,  $0.01  par value per share and  50,000,000  shares of preferred stock,  $0.01  par value per share. As of  December 31, 2016 ,  125,881,460  shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, and  no  shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. All holders of the Company's common stock are entitled to receive dividends and to  one  vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The transfer agent and registrar for the Company’s common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company. On August 28, 2015, the Company filed a  $400,000  “at the market” equity program with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and entered into separate equity distribution agreements with  five  sales agents. On May 6, 2016, the Company  76 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated filed its current  $400,000  "at the market" equity program with the Securities and Exchange Commission using a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3, and entered into separate equity distribution agreements with  five  sales agents.  Under the terms of the current equity distribution agreements, the Company may from time to time offer and sell shares of common stock, up to the aggregate offering price of  $400,000 , through its sales agents.  The current equity distribution agreements, dated May 6, 2016, replaced and superseded the previous equity distribution agreements, dated August 28, 2015. During July 2016, the Company sold  550,000  shares of common stock under the current “at the market” equity program at an average sales price of  $92.04  per share, resulting in net proceeds of  $50,062 . At  December 31, 2016 , the Company had  $349,375  available for issuance under the existing equity distribution agreements.  From January 1, 2016, through May 6, 2016, the Company sold  831,300  shares of common stock under the previous “at the market” equity program at an average sales price of  $89.66  per share, resulting in net proceeds of  $73,360 .  During September 2015, the Company sold  410,000  shares of common stock under the previous “at the market” equity program at an average sales price of  $75.17  per share, resulting in net proceeds of  $30,266 . On June 22, 2015, the Company issued and sold  6,325,000  shares of its common stock in a public offering at a price of  $68.15  per share.  The Company received gross proceeds of  $431,049 .  The underwriting discount and transaction costs were  $14,438 , resulting in net proceeds of  $416,611 .  13.     NONCONTROLLING INTEREST REPRESENTED BY PREFERRED OPERATING PARTNERSHIP UNITS Classification of Noncontrolling Interests GAAP requires a company to present ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the company in the consolidated financial statements within the equity section, but separate from the company’s equity. It also requires the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest to be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statement of operations and requires changes in ownership interest to be accounted for similarly as equity transactions. If noncontrolling interests are determined to be redeemable, they are to be carried at their redemption value as of the balance sheet date and reported as temporary equity. The Company has evaluated the terms of the Operating Partnership’s preferred units and classifies the noncontrolling interest represented by such preferred units as stockholders’ equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company will periodically evaluate individual noncontrolling interests for the ability to continue to recognize the noncontrolling amount as permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Any noncontrolling interests that fail to qualify as permanent equity will be reclassified as temporary equity and adjusted to the greater of (1) the carrying amount, or (2) its redemption value as of the end of the period in which the determination is made. Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units On June 15, 2007, the Operating Partnership entered into a Contribution Agreement with various limited partnerships affiliated with AAAAA Rent-A-Space to acquire  ten  stores in exchange for  989,980  Series A Units. The stores are located in California and Hawaii. The partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership (as amended, the “Partnership Agreement”) provides for the designation and issuance of the Series A Units. The Series A Units have priority over all other partnership interests of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation. Under the Partnership Agreement, Series A Units in the amount of  $115,000  bear a fixed priority return of  5.0%  and have a fixed liquidation value of  $115,000 . The remaining balance participates in distributions with, and has a liquidation value equal to, that of the common OP Units. The Series A Units became redeemable at the option of the holder on September 1, 2008, which redemption obligation may be satisfied, at the Company’s option, in cash or shares of its common stock. On June 25, 2007, the Operating Partnership loaned the holders of the Series A Units  $100,000 . The note receivable bears interest at  4.85% . During 2013, a loan amendment was signed extending the maturity date to September 1, 2020. The loan is secured by the borrower’s Series A Units. The holders of the Series A Units could redeem up to  114,500  Series A Units prior to the maturity date of the loan. If any redemption in excess of 114,500 Series A Units occurs prior to the maturity date, the holder  77 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated of the Series A Units is required to repay the loan as of the date of that redemption. On October 3, 2014, the holders of the Series A Units redeemed  114,500  Series A Units for  $4,794  in cash and  280,331  shares of common stock.  No  additional redemption of Series A Units can be made without repayment of the loan. The Series A Units are shown on the balance sheet net of the  $100,000  loan because the borrower under the loan receivable is also the holder of the Series A Units. Series B Redeemable Preferred Units On April 3, 2014, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of a store located in Georgia. This store was acquired in exchange for  $15,158  of cash and  333,360  Series B Units valued at  $8,334 . On August 29, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of  19  out of  20  stores affiliated with All Aboard Mini Storage, all of which are located in California. On September 26, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of the remaining facility. These stores were acquired in exchange for  $100,876  in cash (including  $98,960  of debt assumed and immediately defeased at closing),  1,342,727  Series B Units valued at  $33,568 , and  1,448,108  common OP Units valued at  $62,341 . The Partnership Agreement provides for the designation and issuance of the Series B Units. The Series B Units rank junior to the Series A Units, on parity with the Series C Units and Series D Units, and senior to all other partnership interests of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation. The Series B Units have a liquidation value of  $25.00  per unit for a fixed liquidation value of  $41,903 . Holders of the Series B Units receive distributions at an annual rate of  6.0% . These distributions are cumulative. The Series B Units are redeemable at the option of the holder on the first anniversary of the date of issuance, which redemption obligations may be satisfied at the Company’s option in cash or shares of its common stock. Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units On November 19, 2013, the Operating Partnership entered into Contribution Agreements with various entities affiliated with Grupe, under which the Company agreed to acquire  twelve  stores, all of which are located in California. The Company completed the purchase of these stores between December 2013 and May 2014. The Company previously held a  35%  interest in  five  of these stores and a  40%  interest in  one  store all through  six  separate joint ventures with Grupe. These stores were acquired in exchange for a total of approximately  $45,722  of cash, the assumption of  $37,532  in existing debt, and the issuance of  704,016  Series C Units valued at  $30,960 . The Partnership Agreement provides for the designation and issuance of the Series C Units. The Series C Units rank junior to the Series A Units, on parity with the Series B Units and Series D Units, and senior to all other partnership interests of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation. The Series C Units have a liquidation value of  $42.10  per unit for a fixed liquidation value of  $29,639 . From issuance to the fifth anniversary of issuance, each Series C Unit holder will receive quarterly distributions equal to the quarterly distribution for common OP Unit plus  $0.18 . Beginning on the fifth anniversary of issuance, each Series C Unit holder will receive a fixed quarterly distribution equal to the aggregate quarterly distribution payable in respect of such Series C Unit during the four quarters immediately preceding the fifth anniversary of issuance divided by four. These distributions are cumulative. The Series C Units will become redeemable at the option of the holder  one year  from the date of issuance, which redemption obligation may be satisfied at the Company’s option in cash or shares of its common stock. The Series C Units will also become convertible into common OP Units at the option of the holder  one year  from the date of issuance, at a rate of  0.9145  common OP Units per Series C Unit converted. This conversion option expires upon the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance. In December 2014, the Operating Partnership loaned holders of the Series C Units  $20,230 . The notes receivable, which are collateralized by the Series C Units, bear interest at  5.0%  and mature on December 15, 2024. The Series C Units are shown on the balance sheet net of the  $20,230  loan because the borrower under the loan receivable is also the holder of the Series C Units. Series D Redeemable Preferred Units 78 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated On November 8, 2016, the Operating Partnership completed the acquisition of a store located in Illinois.  This store was acquired in exchange for  486,244   Series D-4 Preferred Units ("D-4 Units") valued at  $12,156 . On May 21, 2016, the Operating Partnership completed the acquisition of  four  stores located in Illinois.  These stores were acquired in exchange for  2,201,467  Series D-3 Preferred Units ("D-3 Units") valued at  $55,037 . In December 2014, the Operating Partnership completed the acquisition of a store located in Florida. This store was acquired in exchange for  $5,621  in cash and  548,390  Series D-1 Preferred Units ("D-1 Units," and together with the D-4 Units and D-3 Units, "Series D Units") valued at  $13,710 . The Partnership Agreement provides for the designation and issuance of the Series D Units. The Series D Units rank junior to the Series A Units, on parity with the Series B Units and Series C Units, and senior to all other partnership interest of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation. The Series D Units have a liquidation value of  $25.00  per unit, for a fixed liquidation value of  $80,903 . Holders of the Series D Units receive distributions at an annual rate between  3.5%  and  5.0% . These distributions are cumulative. The Series D Units will become redeemable at the option of the holder on the first anniversary of the date of issuance, which redemption obligation may be satisfied at the Company’s option in cash or shares of its common stock.  In addition, the D-3 Units are exchangeable for common OP Units until the tenth anniversary of the date of issuance.  The D-1 Units and D-4 Units are not exchangeable for common OP Units. 14.     NONCONTROLLING INTEREST IN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP The Company’s interest in its stores is held through the Operating Partnership. ESS Holding Business Trust I, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. ESS Business Trust II, also a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is a limited partner of the Operating Partnership. Between its general partner and limited partner interests, the Company held a  91.2%  majority ownership interest therein as of  December 31, 2016 . The remaining ownership interests in the Operating Partnership (including Preferred Operating Partnership units) of  8.8%  are held by certain former owners of assets acquired by the Operating Partnership.  The noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership represents OP Units that are not owned by the Company. In conjunction with the formation of the Company and as a result of subsequent acquisitions, certain persons and entities contributing interests in stores to the Operating Partnership received limited partnership units in the form of OP Units. Limited partners who received OP Units in the formation transactions or in exchange for contributions for interests in stores have the right to require the Operating Partnership to redeem part or all of their OP Units for cash based upon the fair market value of an equivalent number of shares of the Company’s common stock (based on the  ten -day average trading price) at the time of the redemption. Alternatively, the Company may, at its sole discretion, elect to acquire those OP Units in exchange for shares of its common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to anti-dilution adjustments provided in the Operating Partnership agreement. The  ten -day average closing stock price at  December 31, 2016 , was  $74.87  and there were  5,608,038  OP Units outstanding. Assuming that all of the OP Unit holders exercised their right to redeem all of their OP Units on  December 31, 2016  and the Company elected to pay the OP Unit holders cash, the Company would have paid  $419,874  in cash consideration to redeem the units. During the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015 , and  2014 , a total of  23,850  OP Units,  787,850  OP Units, and  18,859  OP Units, respectively, were redeemed in exchange for the Company’s common stock. During November 2016,  6,760  OP Units were redeemed for  $506  in cash. On November 2, 2016, the Company purchased  one  store located in Maryland.  As part of the consideration for this acquisition,  77,575  OP units were issued with a total value of $ 5,842 . On June 30, 2016, the Company purchased  one  store located in Georgia.  As part of the consideration for this acquisition,  13,764  OP Units were issued with a total value of   $1,200 .  On May 31, 2016, the Company purchased  50%  undivided interest in vacant land in California.  As part of the consideration for this acquisition,  2,230  OP Units were issued with a total value of $ 205 . 79 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated On November 13, 2015, the Company purchased  one  store located in Texas. As part of the consideration for this acquisition,  91,434  OP Units were issued with a total value of  $7,221 . On October 1, 2015, the Company acquired SmartStop. As part of the consideration for this acquisition,  376,848  OP Units were issued with a total value of  $28,656 . On June 18, 2015, the Company purchased  one  store located in Florida. As part of the consideration for this acquisition,  71,054  OP Units were issued with a total value of  $4,773 . On April 15, 2015, the Company purchased  22  stores located in Arizona and Texas. As part of the consideration for this acquisition,  1,504,277  OP Units were issued with a total value of  $101,749 . GAAP requires a company to present ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the company in the consolidated financial statements within the equity section but separate from the company’s equity. It also requires the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest to be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statement of operations and requires changes in ownership interest to be accounted for similarly as equity transactions. If noncontrolling interests are determined to be redeemable, they are to be carried at their redemption value as of the balance sheet date and reported as temporary equity. The Company has evaluated the terms of the common OP Units and classifies the noncontrolling interest represented by the common OP Units as stockholders’ equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company will periodically evaluate individual noncontrolling interests for the ability to continue to recognize the noncontrolling amount as permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Any noncontrolling interests that fail to qualify as permanent equity will be reclassified as temporary equity and adjusted to the greater of (1) the carrying amount, or (2) its redemption value as of the end of the period in which the determination is made. 15.     OTHER NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS Other noncontrolling interests represent the ownership interest of a third party in  one  consolidated joint venture as of  December 31, 2016 . This joint venture owns an operating store in Texas. The voting interest of the third-party owner is  20.0% . Other noncontrolling interests are included in the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. The income or losses attributable to this third-party owner based on its ownership percentage are reflected in net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of operations. On August 1, 2016, the Company purchased its joint venture partner's remaining  3.3%  interest in an existing joint venture in exchange for  8,889  OP Units, valued at  $800 .  This joint venture owned  one  store located in California, and as a result of this purchase, this store became wholly-owned by the Company.  Prior to this acquisition, the partner's interest was reported in other noncontrolling interests.  Since the Company retained its controlling interest in the joint venture, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction.  The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to  zero  to reflect the purchase, and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the Company. On June 11, 2015, the Company purchased its joint venture partner’s remaining  1%  interest in the HSRE joint venture for  $1,267 . The joint venture owned  19  properties in California, Florida, Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia, and as a result of this purchase, these properties became wholly-owned by the Company. Prior to this acquisition, the partner’s interest was reported in other noncontrolling interests. Since the Company retained its controlling interest in the subsidiary, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to  zero  to reflect the purchase, and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the Company. 16.     STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION As of   December 31, 2016 ,  1,934,735  shares   were available for issuance under the Company’s 2015 Incentive Award Plan (the “Plan”). 80 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated Option grants are issued with an exercise price equal to the closing price of stock on the date of grant. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee (“CNG Committee”) at the time of grant, options shall vest ratably over a  four -year period beginning on the date of grant. Each option wi ll be exercisable once it has vested. Options are exercisable at such times and subject to such terms as deter mined by the CNG Committee, but under no circumstances may be exercised if such exercise would cause a violation of the ownership limit in the Company’s charter. Options expire  10  years from the date of grant. Also as defined under the terms of the Plan, restricted stock grants may be awarded. The stock grants are subject to a vesting period over which the restrictions are released and the stock certificates are given to the grantee. During the performance or vesting period, the grantee is not permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, encumber or assign shares of restricted stock granted under the Plan; however, the grantee has the ability to vote the shares and receive nonforfeitable dividends paid on shares. Unless otherwise determined by the CNG Committee at the time of grant, the forfeiture and transfer restrictions on the shares lapse over a  four -year period beginning on the date of grant. Option Grants A summary of stock option activity is as follows: Options Number of Shares   Weighted Average Exercise Price   Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years)   Aggregate Intrinsic Value as of December 31, 2016 Outstanding at December 31, 2013 754,624   $ 15.01         Granted  31,000   47.50         Exercised (211,747 )   14.85         Forfeited (5,150 )   28.28         Outstanding at December 31, 2014 568,727   $ 16.62         Granted  89,575   69.93         Exercised (79,974 )   18.79         Forfeited (5,699 )   39.83         Outstanding at December 31, 2015 572,629   $ 24.42         Granted  35,800   85.99         Exercised (97,855 )   14.75         Forfeited —   —         Outstanding at December 31, 2016 510,574   $ 30.60   4.78   $ 24,129 Vested and Expected to Vest 494,881   $ 29.20   4.65   $ 24,038 Ending Exercisable 384,810   $ 17.82   3.62   $ 22,865 The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total value (the difference between the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of  2016  and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on  December 31, 2016 . The amount of aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the fair market value of the Company’s stock. The weighted average fair value of stock options granted in  2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , was  $20.30 ,  $16.89  and  $12.03 , respectively. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: 81 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Expected volatility 37.0 %   38.0 %   40.0 % Dividend yield 3.6 %   3.6 %   3.8 % Risk-free interest rate 1.3 %   1.5 %   1.5 % Average expected term (years) 5   5   5 The Black-Scholes model incorporates assumptions to value stock-based awards. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant for the estimated life of the option. The Company uses actual historical data to calculate the expected price volatility, dividend yield and average expected term. The forfeiture rate, which is estimated at a weighted-average of  5.0%  of unvested options outstanding as of  December 31, 2016 , is adjusted periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from the previous estimates. A summary of stock options outstanding and exercisable as of  December 31, 2016 , is as follows:     Options Outstanding   Options Exercisable Exercise Price   Shares   Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life   Weighted Average Exercise Price   Shares   Weighted Average Exercise Price $6.22 - $6.22   157,750   2.13   $ 6.22   157,750   $ 6.22 $11.59 - $11.59   28,080   3.13   11.59   28,080   11.59 $12.21 - $12.21   77,400   3.18   12.21   77,400   12.21 $19.6 - $28.11   59,660   4.78   24.23   59,660   24.23 $28.79 - $38.4   37,659   6.05   37.44   27,197   37.08 $47.5 - $47.5   24,650   7.14   47.50   12,328   47.50 $65.36 - $65.36   20,395   8.15   65.36   5,100   65.36 $65.45 - $65.45   19,180   8.14   65.45   4,795   65.45 $73.52 - $73.52   50,000   8.59   73.52   12,500   73.52 $85.99 - $85.99   35,800   9.15   85.99   —   — $6.22 - $85.99   510,574   4.78   $ 30.60   384,810   $ 17.82 The Company recorded compensation expense relating to outstanding options of  $729 ,  $510  and  $456  in general and administrative expense for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , respectively. Total cash received for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , related to option exercises was  $1,444 ,  $1,542  and  $3,095 , respectively. At  December 31, 2016 , there was  $1,442  of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options under the Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of  2.30  years. The valuation model applied in this calculation utilizes subjective assumptions that could potentially change over time, including the expected forfeiture rate. Therefore, the amount of unrecognized compensation expense at  December 31, 2016 , noted above does not necessarily represent the expense that will ultimately be realized by the Company in the statement of operations. Common Stock Granted to Employees and Directors The Company recorded  $7,316 ,  $5,545  and  $4,528  of expense in general and administrative expense in its statement of operations related to outstanding shares of common stock granted to employees and directors for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , respectively. The forfeiture rate, which is estimated at a weighted-average of  10.1%  of unvested awards outstanding as of  December 31, 2016 , is adjusted periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from the previous estimates. At  December 31, 2016  there was  $14,141  of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards under the Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of  2.37  years. The fair value of common stock awards is determined based on the closing trading price of the Company’s common stock on the grant date. 82 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated A summary of the Company’s employee and director share grant activity is as follows: Restricted Stock Grants Shares   Weighted-Average Grant-Date Fair Value Unreleased at December 31, 2013 395,360   $ 26.96 Granted 117,370   49.25 Released (197,386 )   23.07 Cancelled (23,595 )   37.19 Unreleased at December 31, 2014 291,749   $ 37.73 Granted 174,558   69.18 Released (129,808 )   34.86 Cancelled (18,090 )   44.54 Unreleased at December 31, 2015 318,409   $ 55.75 Granted 119,931   87.61 Released (128,808 )   50.05 Cancelled (9,947 )   67.36 Unreleased at December 31, 2016 299,585   $ 70.57 17.     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN The Company has a retirement savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code under which eligible employees can contribute up to  60%  of their annual salary, subject to a statutory prescribed annual limit. For the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , the Company made matching contributions to the plan of  $1,944 ,  $1,680  and  $1,529 , respectively, based on  100%  of the first  3%  and up to  50%  of the next  2%  of an employee’s compensation. 18.     INCOME TAXES As a REIT, the Company is generally not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of its income which is distributed annually to its stockholders. However, the Company has elected to treat  one  of its corporate subsidiaries, Extra Space Management, Inc., as a taxable REIT subsidiary. In general, the Company’s TRS may perform additional services for tenants and generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business. A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740,  “Income Taxes.”  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The Company has elected to use the Tax-Law-Ordering approach to determine when excess tax benefits will be realized. The income tax provision for the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , is comprised of the following components:   For the Year Ended December 31, 2016   Federal         State         Total       Current expense $ 14,627   $ 2,368   $ 16,995 Tax credits/true-up (312 )   —   (312 ) Change in deferred benefit (369 )   (467 )   (836 ) Total tax expense $ 13,946   $ 1,901   $ 15,847   83 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated   For the Year Ended December 31, 2015   Federal         State         Total       Current expense $ 3,736   $ 1,640   $ 5,376 Tax credits/true-up 274   —   274 Change in deferred benefit 7,016   (1,518 )   5,498 Total tax expense $ 11,026   $ 122   $ 11,148     For the Year Ended December 31, 2014   Federal         State         Total       Current expense $ 6,020   $ 1,374   $ 7,394 Tax credits/true-up (2,176 )   —   (2,176 ) Change in deferred benefit 803   1,549   2,352 Total tax expense $ 4,647   $ 2,923   $ 7,570 A reconciliation of the statutory income tax provisions to the effective income tax provisions for the periods indicated is as follows:   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Expected tax at statutory rate $ 144,708   35.0  %   $ 77,151   35.0  %   $ 71,215   35.0  % Non-taxable REIT income (131,112 )   (31.7 )%   (67,084 )   (30.4 )%   (64,402 )   (31.7 )% State and local tax expense - net of federal benefit 2,399   0.6  %   1,249   0.6  %   1,109   0.6  % Change in valuation allowance (845 )   (0.2 )%   (624 )   (0.3 )%   1,663   0.8  % Tax credits/true-up  (312 )   (0.1 )%   274   0.1  %   (2,176 )   (1.1 )% Miscellaneous 1,009   0.2  %   182   0.1  %   161   0.1  % Total provision $ 15,847   3.8  %   $ 11,148   5.1  %   $ 7,570   3.7  % 84 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated The major sources of temporary differences stated at their deferred tax effects are as follows:   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 Deferred tax liabilities:       Fixed assets $ (16,488 )   $ (17,360 ) Other (201 )   (221 ) State deferred taxes (1,242 )   (1,523 ) Total deferred tax liabilities (17,931 )   (19,104 )         Deferred tax assets:       Captive insurance subsidiary 413   429 Accrued liabilities 2,741   2,633 Stock compensation 1,713   1,346 Solar credit —   2,167 Other 1,548   309 SmartStop TRS 365   1,085 State deferred taxes 6,078   6,016 Total deferred tax assets 12,858   13,985         Valuation allowance (4,765 )   (5,609 )         Net deferred income tax liabilities $ (9,838 )   $ (10,728 ) The state income tax net operating losses expire between 2017 and 2034. The valuation allowance is associated with the state income tax net operating losses. The tax years 2012 through 2015 remain open related to the state returns, and 2013 through 2015 for the federal returns. 19.     SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company operates in  three  distinct segments: (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and (3) property management, acquisition and development. Management fees collected for wholly-owned stores are eliminated in consolidation. Financial information for the Company’s business segments is set forth below:   December 31, 2016   December 31, 2015 Balance Sheet       Investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures       Rental operations $ 79,570   $ 103,007 Total assets       Rental operations $ 6,731,292   $ 5,674,030 Tenant reinsurance 44,524   37,696 Property management, acquisition and development 315,630   359,681   $ 7,091,446   $ 6,071,407 85 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated   For the Year Ended December 31,   2016   2015   2014 Statement of Operations           Total revenues           Rental operations $ 864,742   $ 676,138   $ 559,868 Tenant reinsurance 87,291   71,971   59,072 Property management, acquisition and development 39,842   34,161   28,215   991,875   782,270   647,155 Operating expenses, including depreciation and amortization           Rental operations 423,575   328,380   279,497 Tenant reinsurance 15,555   13,033   10,427 Property management, acquisition and development 102,907   146,201   78,763   542,037   487,614   368,687 Income (loss) from operations           Rental operations 441,167   347,758   280,371 Tenant reinsurance 71,736   58,938   48,645 Property management, acquisition and development (63,065 )   (112,040 )   (50,548 )   449,838   294,656   278,468 Gain (loss) on real estate transactions, earnout from prior acquisition and sale of other assets           Property management, acquisition and development 8,465   1,501   (10,285 )             Property casualty loss, net           Rental operations —   —   (1,724 )             Interest expense            Rental operations (129,907 )   (93,711 )   (80,160 ) Property management, acquisition and development (3,572 )   (1,971 )   (1,170 )   (133,479 )   (95,682 )   (81,330 ) Non-cash interest expense related to the amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes           Property management, acquisition and development (4,980 )   (3,310 )   (2,683 )             Interest income           Property management, acquisition and development 6,148   3,461   1,607             Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder           Property management, acquisition and development 4,850   4,850   4,850             Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures           Rental operations 12,895   12,351   10,541             Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures - gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of partners' interests           Property management, acquisition and development 69,199   2,857   4,022             Income tax (expense) benefit           Rental operations (2,320 )   (1,729 )   (1,157 ) 86 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated Tenant reinsurance (12,610 )   (9,780 )   (8,662 ) Property management, acquisition and development (917 )   361   2,249   (15,847 )   (11,148 )   (7,570 ) Net income (loss)            Rental operations 321,835   264,669   207,871 Tenant reinsurance 59,138   49,173   40,000 Property management, acquisition and development 16,116   (104,306 )   (51,975 )   $ 397,089   $ 209,536   $ 195,896 Depreciation and amortization expense           Rental operations $ 173,570   $ 124,415   $ 107,081 Property management, acquisition and development 8,990   9,042   7,995   $ 182,560   $ 133,457   $ 115,076 Statement of Cash Flows           Acquisition of real estate assets           Property management, acquisition and development $ (1,086,523 )   $ (1,550,750 )   $ (503,538 ) Development and redevelopment of real estate assets           Property management, acquisition and development $ (23,279 )   $ (26,931 )   $ (23,528 )             20.     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company has operating leases on its corporate offices and owns  22  stores that are subject to leases. At  December 31, 2016 , future minimum rental payments under these non-cancelable operating leases were as follows (unaudited): Less than 1 year $ 6,123 Year 2 6,677 Year 3 6,124 Year 4 6,080 Year 5 5,897 Thereafter 90,025   $ 120,926 The monthly rental amounts for  three  of the ground leases include contingent rental payments based on the level of revenue achieved at the stores. The Company recorded expense of  $4,578 ,  $3,858  and  $3,406  related to these ground leases in the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014 , respectively. The Company is involved in various legal proceedings and is subject to various claims and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the outcome of these matters cannot presently be determined with any degree of certainty. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, management establishes an accrued liability for litigation when those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and reasonably estimable. In such cases, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of any amounts accrued. The estimated loss, if any, is based upon currently available information and is subject to significant judgment, a variety of assumptions, and known and unknown uncertainties. Therefore, any estimate(s) of loss disclosed below represents what management believes to be an estimate of loss only for certain matters meeting these criteria and does not represent the Company's maximum loss exposure. The Company could in the future incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations in any particular period, notwithstanding the fact that the Company is currently vigorously defending any legal proceedings against it. The Company currently has several legal proceedings pending against it that include causes of action alleging wrongful foreclosure, violations of various state specific self-storage statutes, and violations of various consumer fraud acts. As a result of these litigation matters, the Company has a liability of  $5,600  as of  December 31, 2016 , which is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 87 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  (continued) Amounts in thousands, except store and share data, unless otherwise stated As of  December 31, 2016 , the Company was under contract to acquire  four  operating stores and  12  stores to be acquired upon the completion of construction. The total purchase price of all stores with commitments was  $183,581 . Of these stores,  seven  are scheduled to close in 2017. The remaining stores will close upon completion of construction, expected to occur on various dates in 2018 and 2019. Additionally, the Company is under contract to acquire  16  stores with joint venture partners, for a net investment of  $74,708 .   Eight  of these stores are scheduled to close in 2017 while the remaining  eight  stores are expected to close in 2018. Although there can be no assurance, the Company is not aware of any material environmental liability, for which it believes it will be ultimately responsible, that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. However, changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations, the uses and conditions of properties in the vicinity of the Company’s properties, the activities of its tenants and other environmental conditions of which the Company is unaware with respect to its properties could result in future material environmental liabilities. 21.     SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)      For the Three Months Ended   March 31, 2016   June 30, 2016   September 30, 2016   December 31, 2016 Revenues $ 229,403   $ 244,273   $ 257,183   $ 261,016 Cost of operations 135,775   133,971   134,459   137,832 Revenues less cost of operations $ 93,628   $ 110,302   $ 122,724   $ 123,184 Net income $ 89,407   $ 90,040   $ 127,226   $ 90,416 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 82,592   $ 83,044   $ 118,088   $ 82,403 Earnings per common share—basic $ 0.66   $ 0.66   $ 0.94   $ 0.65 Earnings per common share—diluted $ 0.66   $ 0.66   $ 0.93   $ 0.65   For the Three Months Ended   March 31, 2015   June 30, 2015   September 30, 2015   December 31, 2015 Revenues $ 173,154   $ 185,860   $ 197,497   $ 225,759 Cost of operations 97,718   104,253   100,193   185,450 Revenues less cost of operations $ 75,436   $ 81,607   $ 97,304   $ 40,309 Net income $ 58,636   $ 60,956   $ 78,200   $ 11,744 Net income attributable to common stockholders $ 53,742   $ 55,339   $ 71,718   $ 8,675 Earnings per common share—basic $ 0.46   $ 0.47   $ 0.58   $ 0.07 Earnings per common share—diluted $ 0.46   $ 0.47   $ 0.58   $ 0.07 22.     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Subsequent to year end the Company has purchased  two  stores for a total of  $25,500 . These stores are located in Georgia and Illinois. On February 1, 2017, the Company received a cash payment of  $33,071  related to its loans receivable from Strategic 1031 leaving a remaining principal balance of  $20,608 . 88 Extra Space Storage Inc. Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Dollars in thousands) Date acquired or development completed Store Name   State   Debt   Land initial cost   Building and improvements initial cost   Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition   Notes   Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2016   Accumulated depreciation Land         Building and improvements       Total       8/23/2010 Auburn / Dean Rd   AL   $4,512   $324   $1,895   $163       $325   $2,057   $2,382   $408 8/23/2010 Auburn / Opelika Rd   AL   1,751   92   138   203       92   341   433   125 7/2/2012 Birmingham / Grace Baker Rd   AL   4,424   790   9,369   160       790   9,529   10,319   1,108 3/20/2014 Birmingham / Lorna Rd   AL   7,211   2,381   11,224   108       2,381   11,332   13,713   820 10/1/2015 Daphne   AL   —   970   4,182   249       970   4,431   5,401   148 8/31/2007 Hoover   AL   3,973   1,313   2,858   744       1,313   3,602   4,915   1,275 10/1/2015 Montgomery / Carmichael Rd   AL   4,898   540   9,048   233       540   9,281   9,821   304 10/1/2015 Montgomery / Monticello Dr   AL   —   1,280   4,056   637       1,280   4,693   5,973   154 12/21/2016 Chandler / Arizona Ave   AZ   —   1,964   7,432   —       1,964   7,432   9,396   16 10/1/2015 Chandler / W Chandler Blvd   AZ   —   950   3,707   272       950   3,979   4,929   133 7/25/2013 Chandler / W Elliot Rd   AZ   4,081   547   4,213   230       547   4,443   4,990   443 4/15/2015 Glendale   AZ   —   608   8,461   249       608   8,710   9,318   400 10/1/2015 Mesa / E Guadalupe Rd   AZ   —   1,350   6,290   307       1,350   6,597   7,947   224 12/27/2012 Mesa / E Southern Ave   AZ   5,435   2,973   5,545   353       2,973   5,898   8,871   657 4/5/2016 Mesa / Greenfield Road   AZ   —   360   4,655   30       360   4,685   5,045   90 8/18/2004 Mesa / Madero Ave   AZ   —   849   2,547   347       849   2,894   3,743   977 7/2/2012 Mesa / N. Alma School Rd   AZ   —   1,129   4,402   264       1,129   4,666   5,795   548 7/25/2013 Mesa / Southern Ave   AZ   4,049   1,453   2,897   170       1,453   3,067   4,520   301 4/1/2006 Peoria / 75th Ave   AZ   4,337   652   4,105   173       652   4,278   4,930   1,228 1/31/2011 Peoria / W Beardsley Rd   AZ   —   1,060   4,731   48       1,060   4,779   5,839   751 1/2/2007 Phoenix / E Greenway Pkwy   AZ   —   669   4,135   507       668   4,643   5,311   1,283 7/1/2005 Phoenix / East Bell Rd   AZ   8,019   1,441   7,982   1,057       1,441   9,039   10,480   2,850 10/1/2015 Phoenix / Missouri Ave   AZ   —   470   1,702   582       470   2,284   2,754   82 11/30/2012 Phoenix / N 32nd St   AZ   6,984   2,257   7,820   364       2,257   8,184   10,441   892 6/30/2006 Phoenix / N Cave Creek Rd   AZ   2,814   552   3,530   288       551   3,819   4,370   1,147 10/1/2015 Phoenix / Washington   AZ   3,105   1,200   3,767   438       1,200   4,205   5,405   146 9/16/2016 Phoenix / West Peoria   AZ   —   1,545   7,135   —       1,545   7,135   8,680   61 10/1/2015 Tempe / S Priest Dr   AZ   —   850   3,283   175       850   3,458   4,308   115 10/1/2015 Tempe / W Broadway Rd   AZ   2,711   1,040   3,562   333       1,040   3,895   4,935   144 11/30/2012 Tucson / N Oracle Rd   AZ   —   1,090   7,845   134       1,090   7,979   9,069   868 4/18/2016 Tucson / N Tucson Blvd   AZ   —   786   7,233   235       786   7,468   8,254   143 6/25/2007 Alameda   CA   —   2,919   12,984   2,133       2,919   15,117   18,036   4,613 8/29/2013 Alhambra   CA   —   10,109   6,065   402       10,109   6,467   16,576   606 4/25/2014 Anaheim / Old Canal Rd   CA   10,062   2,765   12,680   189       2,765   12,869   15,634   922 8/29/2013 Anaheim / S Adams St   CA   6,966   3,593   3,330   262       3,593   3,592   7,185   358 8/29/2013 Anaheim / S State College Blvd   CA   6,365   2,519   2,886   223       2,519   3,109   5,628   312 7/1/2008 Antelope   CA   —   1,525   8,345   (251)    (a)    1,185   8,434   9,619   1,822 10/19/2011 Bellflower   CA   2,025   640   1,350   104       639   1,455   2,094   211 5/15/2007 Belmont   CA   —   3,500   7,280   131       3,500   7,411   10,911   1,800 6/25/2007 Berkeley   CA   20,351   1,716   19,602   2,107       1,715   21,710   23,425   5,762 11/17/2016 Bermuda Dunes   CA   —   2,593   15,049   —       2,593   15,049   17,642   64 10/19/2011 Bloomington / Bloomington Ave   CA   2,692   934   1,937   171       934   2,108   3,042   381 10/19/2011 Bloomington / Linden Ave   CA   —   647   1,303   202       647   1,505   2,152   266 8/29/2013 Burbank / Thornton Ave   CA   —   4,061   5,318   299       4,061   5,617   9,678   538 8/10/2000 Burbank / W Verdugo Ave   CA   18,864   3,199   5,082   2,111       3,617   6,775   10,392   2,891 4/8/2011 Burlingame   CA   5,230   2,211   5,829   151       2,211   5,980   8,191   921 3/14/2011 Carson   CA   —   —   9,709   116       —   9,825   9,825   1,474 6/25/2007 Castro Valley   CA   —   —   6,346   500       —   6,846   6,846   1,684 10/19/2011 Cerritos   CA   25,224   8,728   15,895   2,737       8,728   18,632   27,360   2,589 11/1/2013 Chatsworth   CA   11,974   9,922   7,599   559       9,922   8,158   18,080   1,558 6/1/2004 Claremont / South Mills Ave   CA   2,949   1,472   2,012   284       1,472   2,296   3,768   835 10/19/2011 Claremont / W Arrow Hwy   CA   3,325   1,375   1,434   233       1,375   1,667   3,042   264 6/25/2007 Colma   CA   23,134   3,947   22,002   2,781       3,947   24,783   28,730   6,742 9/1/2008 Compton   CA   —   1,426   7,582   188       1,426   7,770   9,196   1,645 8/29/2013 Concord   CA   5,089   3,082   2,822   328       3,082   3,150   6,232   299 9/21/2009 El Cajon   CA   —   1,100   6,380   128       1,100   6,508   7,608   1,232 6/25/2007 El Sobrante   CA   —   1,209   4,018   1,598       1,209   5,616   6,825   1,782 12/2/2013 Elk Grove / Power Inn Rd   CA   5,657   894   6,949   119       894   7,068   7,962   562 12/2/2013 Elk Grove / Stockton Blvd   CA   6,541   640   8,640   76       640   8,716   9,356   687 5/1/2010 Emeryville   CA   —   3,024   11,321   337       3,024   11,658   14,682   1,980 12/2/2013 Fair Oaks   CA   4,141   644   11,287   150       644   11,437   12,081   892 11/17/2016 Fallbrook   CA   —   1,638   7,361   —       1,638   7,361   8,999   31 10/19/2011 Fontana / Baseline Ave   CA   4,700   778   4,723   134       777   4,858   5,635   710 10/19/2011 Fontana / Foothill Blvd 1   CA   —   768   4,208   236       768   4,444   5,212   652 10/19/2011 Fontana / Foothill Blvd 2   CA   —   684   3,951   275       684   4,226   4,910   614 9/15/2002 Fontana / Valley Blvd 1   CA   2,997   961   3,846   475       1,000   4,282   5,282   1,635 10/15/2003 Fontana / Valley Blvd 2   CA   5,372   1,246   3,356   553       1,300   3,855   5,155   1,363 6/1/2004 Gardena   CA   —   3,710   6,271   2,314       4,110   8,185   12,295   2,654 10/1/2015 Gilroy   CA   8,222   1,140   14,265   295       1,140   14,560   15,700   489 6/1/2004 Glendale / San Fernando Rd 1   CA   —   —   6,084   253       —   6,337   6,337   2,152 9/21/2016 Glendale / San Fernando Rd 2   CA   —   4,416   9,672   36       4,416   9,708   14,124   83 7/2/2012 Hawaiian Gardens   CA   9,994   2,964   12,478   276       2,964   12,754   15,718   1,559 10/1/2015 Hawthorne / La Cienega Blvd   CA   12,075   2,500   18,562   289       2,500   18,851   21,351   611 6/1/2004 Hawthorne / Rosselle Ave   CA   3,681   1,532   3,871   327       1,532   4,198   5,730   1,458 6/26/2007 Hayward   CA   8,191   3,149   8,006   3,471       3,148   11,478   14,626   3,462 8/31/2016 Hemet / Acacia Ave   CA   —   301   3,609   16       301   3,625   3,926   39 7/1/2005 Hemet / S Sanderson   CA   3,085   1,146   6,369   408       1,146   6,777   7,923   2,130 10/19/2011 Hesperia   CA   —   156   430   188       156   618   774   147 7/2/2012 Hollywood   CA   —   4,555   10,590   162       4,555   10,752   15,307   1,253 8/10/2000 Inglewood   CA   5,482   1,379   3,343   975       1,530   4,167   5,697   1,922 10/19/2011 Irvine   CA   9,034   3,821   3,999   182       3,821   4,181   8,002   595 5/28/2014 La Quinta   CA   10,938   4,706   12,604   152       4,706   12,756   17,462   890 10/1/2015 Ladera Ranch   CA   —   6,440   24,500   8,705       6,440   33,205   39,645   850 10/19/2011 Lake Elsinore / Central Ave   CA   —   587   4,219   229       587   4,448   5,035   647 10/19/2011 Lake Elsinore / Collier Ave   CA   —   294   2,105   263       294   2,368   2,662   334 10/1/2015 Lake Forest   CA   18,122   15,093   18,895   273       15,090   19,171   34,261   621 10/17/2009 Lancaster / 23rd St W   CA   —   1,425   5,855   107       1,425   5,962   7,387   1,108 7/28/2006 Lancaster / West Ave J/8   CA   4,466   1,347   5,827   324       1,348   6,150   7,498   1,771 6/1/2004 Livermore   CA   —   1,134   4,615   357       1,134   4,972   6,106   1,686 10/19/2011 Long Beach / E Artesia Blvd   CA   —   1,772   2,539   430       1,772   2,969   4,741   431 10/1/2015 Long Beach / E Wardlow Rd   CA   13,274   6,340   17,050   331       6,340   17,381   23,721   563 11/1/2013 Long Beach / W Wardlow Rd   CA   6,861   5,859   4,992   54       5,859   5,046   10,905   1,054 11/17/2016 Los Alamitos   CA   —   10,107   15,874   66       10,107   15,940   26,047   68 3/23/2000 Los Angeles / Casitas Ave   CA   —   1,431   2,976   829       1,611   3,625   5,236   1,566 7/2/2012 Los Angeles / Fountain Ave   CA   —   3,099   4,889   122       3,099   5,011   8,110   601 12/31/2007 Los Angeles / La Cienega   CA   9,678   3,991   9,774   146       3,992   9,919   13,911   2,314 9/1/2008 Los Angeles / S Central Ave   CA   8,038   2,200   8,108   243       2,200   8,351   10,551   1,772 12/2/2013 Los Angeles / S Western Ave   CA   1,434   287   2,011   388       287   2,399   2,686   251 4/25/2014 Los Angeles / Slauson Ave   CA   —   2,400   8,605   340       2,401   8,944   11,345   655 7/17/2012 Los Gatos   CA   —   2,550   8,257   74       2,550   8,331   10,881   1,054 1/1/2004 Manteca   CA   4,725   848   2,543   210       848   2,753   3,601   968 11/1/2013 Marina Del Rey   CA   34,478   19,928   18,742   250       19,928   18,992   38,920   3,128 8/29/2013 Menlo Park   CA   9,371   7,675   1,812   275       7,675   2,087   9,762   216 6/1/2007 Modesto / Crows Landing   CA   3,203   909   3,043   397       909   3,440   4,349   944 8/29/2013 Modesto / Sylvan Ave   CA   4,192   1,647   4,215   211       1,647   4,426   6,073   408 7/2/2012 Moreno Valley   CA   2,011   482   3,484   188       482   3,672   4,154   423 10/1/2015 Morgan Hill   CA   7,354   1,760   11,772   247       1,760   12,019   13,779   397 11/1/2013 North Highlands   CA   3,274   799   2,801   135       799   2,936   3,735   568 8/29/2013 North Hollywood / Coldwater Canyon   CA   —   4,501   4,465   376       4,501   4,841   9,342   471 5/1/2006 North Hollywood / Van Owen   CA   6,444   3,125   9,257   327       3,125   9,584   12,709   2,622 8/29/2013 Northridge   CA   6,514   3,641   2,872   308       3,641   3,180   6,821   327 8/29/2013 Oakland / 29th Ave   CA   9,880   6,359   5,753   385       6,359   6,138   12,497   567 4/24/2000 Oakland / Fallon St   CA   —   —   3,777   1,167       —   4,944   4,944   2,207 12/2/2013 Oakland / San Leandro St   CA   7,719   1,668   7,652   338       1,668   7,990   9,658   658 7/1/2005 Oceanside / Oceanside Blvd 1   CA   —   3,241   11,361   909       3,241   12,270   15,511   3,921 12/9/2014 Oceanside / Oceanside Blvd 2   CA   5,890   4,508   4,599   52       4,508   4,651   9,159   251 11/30/2012 Orange   CA   11,856   4,847   12,341   343       4,847   12,684   17,531   1,411 12/2/2013 Oxnard   CA   8,452   5,421   6,761   342       5,421   7,103   12,524   598 8/1/2009 Pacoima   CA   2,120   3,050   7,597   218       3,050   7,815   10,865   1,471 1/1/2005 Palmdale   CA   4,453   1,225   5,379   2,405       1,225   7,784   9,009   2,367 10/19/2011 Paramount   CA   4,440   1,404   2,549   254       1,404   2,803   4,207   419 8/31/2000 Pico Rivera / Beverly Blvd   CA   —   1,150   3,450   233       1,150   3,683   4,833   1,486 9/16/2016 Pico Rivera / East Slauson Ave   CA   —   —   11,750   66       —   11,816   11,816   101 3/4/2014 Pico Rivera / San Gabriel River Pkwy   CA   4,376   2,150   4,734   47       2,150   4,781   6,931   349 10/19/2011 Placentia   CA   11,245   4,798   5,483   346       4,798   5,829   10,627   831 5/24/2007 Pleasanton   CA   7,067   1,208   4,283   640       1,208   4,923   6,131   1,401 6/1/2004 Richmond / Lakeside Dr   CA   4,716   953   4,635   1,497       953   6,132   7,085   1,913 9/26/2013 Richmond / Meeker Ave   CA   —   3,139   7,437   227       3,139   7,664   10,803   690 8/18/2004 Riverside   CA   4,674   1,075   4,042   796       1,075   4,838   5,913   1,643 12/2/2013 Rocklin   CA   6,297   1,745   8,005   88       1,745   8,093   9,838   639 11/4/2013 Rohnert Park   CA   6,289   990   8,094   186       990   8,280   9,270   676 7/1/2005 Sacramento / Auburn Blvd   CA   4,446   852   4,720   1,011       852   5,731   6,583   1,795 3/31/2015 Sacramento / B Street   CA   7,611   1,025   11,479   459       1,025   11,938   12,963   571 10/1/2010 Sacramento / Franklin Blvd   CA   3,390   1,738   5,522   306       1,844   5,722   7,566   923 12/31/2007 Sacramento / Stockton Blvd   CA   2,784   952   6,936   481       1,075   7,294   8,369   1,194 6/1/2006 San Bernardino / Sterling Ave.   CA   —   750   5,135   212       750   5,347   6,097   1,414 6/1/2004 San Bernardino / W Club Center Dr   CA   —   1,213   3,061   141       1,173   3,242   4,415   1,121 8/29/2013 San Diego / Cedar St   CA   13,188   5,919   6,729   450       5,919   7,179   13,098   673 12/11/2015 San Diego / Del Sol Blvd   CA   —   2,679   7,029   171       2,679   7,200   9,879   197 10/19/2011 San Dimas   CA   —   1,867   6,354   276       1,867   6,630   8,497   948 8/29/2013 San Francisco / Egbert Ave   CA   10,355   5,098   4,054   334       5,098   4,388   9,486   413 6/14/2007 San Francisco / Folsom   CA   17,828   8,457   9,928   1,859       8,457   11,787   20,244   3,502 10/1/2015 San Francisco / Otis Street   CA   —   5,460   18,741   340       5,460   19,081   24,541   620 7/26/2012 San Jose / Charter Park Dr   CA   4,652   2,428   2,323   288       2,428   2,611   5,039   366 9/1/2009 San Jose / N 10th St   CA   10,784   5,340   6,821   303       5,340   7,124   12,464   1,345 8/1/2007 San Leandro / Doolittle Dr   CA   14,686   4,601   9,777   3,479       4,601   13,256   17,857   3,811 10/1/2010 San Leandro / Washington Ave   CA   —   3,343   6,630   10    (f)    3,291   6,692   9,983   1,103 10/1/2015 San Lorenzo   CA   —   —   8,784   292       —   9,076   9,076   298 8/29/2013 San Ramon   CA   —   4,819   5,819   290       4,819   6,109   10,928   558 8/29/2013 Santa Ana   CA   4,075   3,485   2,382   236       3,485   2,618   6,103   272 7/30/2009 Santa Clara   CA   7,746   4,750   8,218   46       4,750   8,264   13,014   1,558 7/2/2012 Santa Cruz   CA   —   1,588   11,160   142       1,588   11,302   12,890   1,318 10/4/2007 Santa Fe Springs   CA   7,249   3,617   7,022   382       3,617   7,404   11,021   1,921 10/19/2011 Santa Maria / Farnel Rd   CA   2,872   1,556   2,740   504       1,556   3,244   4,800   515 10/19/2011 Santa Maria / Skyway Dr   CA   6,241   1,310   3,526   109       1,309   3,636   4,945   514 11/17/2016 Santa Rosa   CA   —   9,526   15,282   —       9,526   15,282   24,808   65 11/17/2016 Santee   CA   —   7,058   12,121   —       7,058   12,121   19,179   52 11/17/2016 Scotts Valley   CA   —   5,006   5,806   —       5,006   5,806   10,812   25 8/31/2004 Sherman Oaks   CA   25,176   4,051   12,152   630       4,051   12,782   16,833   4,130 8/29/2013 Stanton   CA   6,791   5,022   2,267   226       5,022   2,493   7,515   271 5/19/2002 Stockton / Jamestown   CA   2,290   649   3,272   269       649   3,541   4,190   1,374 12/2/2013 Stockton / Pacific Ave   CA   5,360   3,619   2,443   86       3,619   2,529   6,148   211 4/25/2014 Sunland   CA   —   1,688   6,381   110       1,688   6,491   8,179   465 8/29/2013 Sunnyvale   CA   —   10,732   5,004   260       10,732   5,264   15,996   492 5/2/2008 Sylmar   CA   6,111   3,058   4,671   288       3,058   4,959   8,017   1,253 2/28/2013 Thousand Oaks   CA   —   4,500   8,834   (965)    (d)    3,500   8,869   12,369   354 7/15/2003 Tracy / E 11th St 1   CA   5,115   778   2,638   828       911   3,333   4,244   1,192 4/1/2004 Tracy / E 11th St 2   CA   3,053   946   1,937   311       946   2,248   3,194   897 6/25/2007 Vallejo / Sonoma Blvd   CA   2,758   1,177   2,157   1,083       1,177   3,240   4,417   1,202 10/1/2015 Vallejo / Tennessee St   CA   8,695   2,640   13,870   352       2,640   14,222   16,862   469 8/29/2013 Van Nuys   CA   —   7,939   2,576   387       7,939   2,963   10,902   316 8/31/2004 Venice   CA   —   2,803   8,410   2    (b)    2,803   8,412   11,215   1,479 8/29/2013 Ventura   CA   —   3,453   2,837   259       3,453   3,096   6,549   315 10/19/2011 Victorville   CA   —   151   751   165       151   916   1,067   168 7/1/2005 Watsonville   CA   4,365   1,699   3,056   373       1,699   3,429   5,128   1,107 9/1/2009 West Sacramento   CA   —   2,400   7,425   151       2,400   7,576   9,976   1,441 6/19/2002 Whittier   CA   3,184   —   2,985   217       —   3,202   3,202   1,233 8/29/2013 Wilmington   CA   —   6,792   10,726   398       6,792   11,124   17,916   930 9/15/2000 Arvada   CO   1,697   286   1,521   706       286   2,227   2,513   1,179 5/25/2011 Castle Rock / Industrial Way 1   CO   —   407   3,077   295       407   3,372   3,779   534 7/23/2015 Castle Rock / Industrial Way 2   CO   —   531   —   —       531   —   531   — 4/19/2016 Colorado Springs / Arlington Dr   CO   —   2,140   5,660   385       2,140   6,045   8,185   122 6/10/2011 Colorado Springs / Austin Bluffs Pkwy   CO   —   296   4,199   349       296   4,548   4,844   739 8/31/2007 Colorado Springs / Dublin Blvd   CO   3,582   781   3,400   450       781   3,850   4,631   1,019 11/25/2008 Colorado Springs / S 8th St   CO   5,935   1,525   4,310   641       1,525   4,951   6,476   1,114 10/24/2014 Colorado Springs / Stetson Hills Blvd   CO   3,919   2,077   4,087   369       2,077   4,456   6,533   281 9/15/2000 Denver / E 40th Ave   CO   2,402   602   2,052   1,733       745   3,642   4,387   1,524 7/1/2005 Denver / W 96th Ave   CO   3,417   368   1,574   528       368   2,102   2,470   689 7/18/2012 Fort Carson   CO   —   —   6,945   125       —   7,070   7,070   835 9/1/2006 Parker   CO   6,919   800   4,549   853       800   5,402   6,202   1,701 9/15/2000 Thornton   CO   2,631   212   2,044   1,169       248   3,177   3,425   1,522 9/15/2000 Westminster   CO   1,985   291   1,586   1,343       299   2,921   3,220   1,485 3/17/2014 Bridgeport   CT   —   1,072   14,028   142       1,072   14,170   15,242   1,027 7/2/2012 Brookfield   CT   4,919   991   7,891   134       991   8,025   9,016   960 1/15/2004 Groton   CT   5,112   1,277   3,992   463       1,276   4,456   5,732   1,684 12/31/2007 Middletown   CT   2,653   932   2,810   225       932   3,035   3,967   752 11/4/2013 Newington   CT   2,282   1,363   2,978   682       1,363   3,660   5,023   335 9/16/2016 Wethersfield / Olesen Rd   CT   —   2,502   7,588   81       2,502   7,669   10,171   66 8/16/2002 Wethersfield / Silas Deane Hwy   CT   6,533   709   4,205   231       709   4,436   5,145   1,701 5/5/2016 Washington   DC   9,559   14,394   18,172   216       14,394   18,388   32,782   319 89 Date acquired or development completed Store Name   State   Debt   Land initial cost   Building and improvements initial cost   Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition   Notes   Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2016   Accumulated depreciation Land         Building and improvements       Total       11/19/2015 Apopka / Park Ave   FL   2,742   613   5,228   277       613   5,505   6,118   170 11/19/2015 Apopka / Semoran Blvd   FL   2,742   888   5,737   439       888   6,176   7,064   190 5/2/2012 Auburndale   FL   1,218   470   1,076   155       470   1,231   1,701   182 7/15/2009 Bonita Springs   FL   —   2,198   8,215   129       2,198   8,344   10,542   1,577 12/23/2014 Bradenton   FL   3,728   1,333   3,677   565       1,333   4,242   5,575   274 11/30/2012 Brandon   FL   4,595   1,327   5,656   190       1,327   5,846   7,173   658 6/19/2008 Coral Springs   FL   5,923   3,638   6,590   462       3,638   7,052   10,690   1,664 10/1/2015 Davie   FL   7,993   4,890   11,679   474       4,890   12,153   17,043   421 1/6/2006 Deland   FL   3,087   1,318   3,971   369       1,318   4,340   5,658   1,312 11/30/2012 Fort Lauderdale / Commercial Blvd   FL   5,078   1,576   5,397   363       1,576   5,760   7,336   655 8/26/2004 Fort Lauderdale / NW 31st Ave   FL   7,246   1,587   4,205   501       1,587   4,706   6,293   1,601 5/4/2011 Fort Lauderdale / S State Rd 7   FL   —   2,750   7,002   564       2,750   7,566   10,316   1,163 8/26/2004 Fort Myers / Cypress Lake Dr   FL   5,902   1,691   4,711   572       1,691   5,283   6,974   1,733 7/1/2005 Fort Myers / San Carlos Blvd   FL   4,756   1,985   4,983   663       1,985   5,646   7,631   1,846 3/8/2005 Greenacres   FL   2,765   1,463   3,244   182       1,463   3,426   4,889   1,125 10/1/2015 Gulf Breeze / Gulf Breeze Pkwy   FL   2,900   620   2,886   247       620   3,133   3,753   107 10/1/2015 Gulf Breeze / McClure Dr   FL   6,256   660   12,590   277       660   12,867   13,527   416 1/1/2010 Hialeah / E 65th Street   FL   5,643   1,750   7,150   157       1,750   7,307   9,057   1,328 8/1/2008 Hialeah / Okeechobee Rd   FL   —   2,800   7,588   135       2,800   7,723   10,523   1,701 9/1/2010 Hialeah / W 84th St   FL   5,643   1,678   6,807   98       1,678   6,905   8,583   1,132 11/20/2007 Hollywood   FL   12,328   3,214   8,689   376       3,214   9,065   12,279   2,275 1/12/2016 Jacksonville / Girvin Rd   FL   —   841   8,102   159       841   8,261   9,102   215 10/1/2015 Jacksonville / Monument Rd   FL   5,609   490   10,708   385       490   11,093   11,583   378 10/1/2015 Jacksonville / Timuquana Rd   FL   4,600   1,000   3,744   304       1,000   4,048   5,048   146 12/28/2012 Kenneth City   FL   4,000   805   3,345   86       805   3,431   4,236   369 5/2/2012 Lakeland / Harden Blvd   FL   3,687   593   4,701   224       593   4,925   5,518   670 5/2/2012 Lakeland / South Florida Ave   FL   5,297   871   6,905   272       871   7,177   8,048   908 9/3/2014 Lakeland / US Hwy 98   FL   —   529   3,604   134       529   3,738   4,267   243 12/27/2012 Land O Lakes   FL   6,207   798   4,490   10       799   4,499   5,298   509 8/26/2004 Madeira Beach   FL   5,661   1,686   5,163   316       1,686   5,479   7,165   1,826 8/10/2000 Margate   FL   3,136   430   3,139   1,498       469   4,598   5,067   1,740 7/2/2012 Miami / Coral Way   FL   7,777   3,257   9,713   195       3,257   9,908   13,165   1,179 10/25/2011 Miami / Hammocks Blvd   FL   6,114   521   5,198   133       521   5,331   5,852   785 8/10/2000 Miami / NW 12th St   FL   7,475   1,325   4,395   2,172       1,419   6,473   7,892   2,420 7/2/2012 Miami / NW 2nd Ave   FL   8,742   1,979   6,513   201       1,979   6,714   8,693   825 9/16/2016 Miami / NW 79th Ave   FL   —   4,872   9,846   8       4,872   9,854   14,726   84 2/4/2011 Miami / SW 147th Ave   FL   —   2,375   5,543   117       2,374   5,661   8,035   818 5/31/2007 Miami / SW 186th St   FL   4,181   1,238   7,597   506       1,238   8,103   9,341   2,131 11/8/2013 Miami / SW 68th Ave   FL   9,678   3,305   11,997   68       3,305   12,065   15,370   974 8/10/2000 Miami / SW 72nd Street   FL   —   5,315   4,305   2,117       5,859   5,878   11,737   2,276 11/30/2009 Miami Gardens / 183rd Street   FL   6,564   4,798   9,475   149       4,798   9,624   14,422   1,777 2/2/2016 Miami Gardens / 2nd Ave   FL   2,633   1,052   2,716   32       1,052   2,748   3,800   65 6/18/2015 Naples / Goodlette Road   FL   13,148   —   17,220   169       —   17,389   17,389   674 11/1/2013 Naples / Old US 41   FL   6,098   1,990   4,887   644       1,990   5,531   7,521   835 11/8/2013 Naranja   FL   8,231   603   11,223   109       603   11,332   11,935   920 8/10/2000 North Lauderdale   FL   3,931   428   3,516   1,947       459   5,432   5,891   2,141 6/1/2004 North Miami   FL   8,231   1,256   6,535   659       1,256   7,194   8,450   2,562 10/1/2015 Oakland Park   FL   9,862   2,030   19,241   407       2,030   19,648   21,678   658 3/8/2005 Ocoee   FL   3,000   872   3,642   529       872   4,171   5,043   1,337 11/19/2015 Orlando / Hoffner Ave   FL   2,793   512   6,697   328       512   7,025   7,537   214 3/8/2005 Orlando / Hunters Creek   FL   9,563   2,233   9,223   679       2,233   9,902   12,135   3,159 8/26/2004 Orlando / LB McLeod Rd   FL   8,284   1,216   5,008   528       1,216   5,536   6,752   1,903 6/17/2015 Orlando / Lee Rd   FL   3,979   535   5,364   21       535   5,385   5,920   203 3/8/2005 Orlando / Metrowest   FL   5,600   1,474   6,101   323       1,474   6,424   7,898   2,077 7/15/2010 Orlando / Orange Blossom Trail   FL   2,632   625   2,133   109       625   2,242   2,867   415 3/8/2005 Orlando / Waterford Lakes   FL   6,293   1,166   4,816   1,341       1,166   6,157   7,323   1,911 11/7/2013 Palm Springs   FL   5,544   2,108   8,028   2,355       2,108   10,383   12,491   709 5/31/2013 Plantation   FL   —   3,850   —   (1,504)    (d)    2,346   —   2,346   — 8/26/2004 Port Charlotte   FL   —   1,389   4,632   318       1,389   4,950   6,339   1,639 8/26/2004 Riverview   FL   4,503   654   2,953   328       654   3,281   3,935   1,129 11/30/2012 Sarasota / Clark Rd   FL   —   4,666   9,016   523       4,666   9,539   14,205   1,061 12/23/2014 Sarasota / Washington Blvd   FL   3,883   1,192   2,919   63       1,192   2,982   4,174   162 12/3/2012 Seminole   FL   3,918   1,133   3,017   326       1,133   3,343   4,476   374 12/23/2014 South Pasadena   FL   10,078   8,890   10,106   132       8,890   10,238   19,128   548 4/15/2014 Stuart / Gran Park Way   FL   6,791   1,640   8,358   163       1,640   8,521   10,161   627 10/1/2015 Stuart / Kanner Hwy   FL   —   1,250   5,007   324       1,250   5,331   6,581   199 10/1/2015 Stuart / NW Federal Hwy 1   FL   —   760   3,125   277       760   3,402   4,162   131 10/1/2015 Tallahassee   FL   —   1,460   21,471   259       1,460   21,730   23,190   692 11/1/2013 Tamiami   FL   5,016   5,042   7,164   384       5,042   7,548   12,590   1,248 11/22/2006 Tampa / Cypress St   FL   3,445   883   3,533   191       881   3,726   4,607   1,033 3/27/2007 Tampa / W Cleveland St   FL   5,511   1,425   4,766   489       1,425   5,255   6,680   1,464 12/23/2014 Tampa / W Hillsborough Ave   FL   2,319   1,086   2,937   402       1,086   3,339   4,425   194 8/26/2004 Valrico   FL   4,235   1,197   4,411   307       1,197   4,718   5,915   1,617 1/13/2006 Venice   FL   —   1,969   5,903   332       1,970   6,234   8,204   1,927 8/10/2000 West Palm Beach / Forest Hill Bl   FL   3,467   1,164   2,511   1,056       1,246   3,485   4,731   1,443 8/10/2000 West Palm Beach / N Military Trail 1   FL   4,345   1,312   2,511   1,906       1,416   4,313   5,729   1,548 11/1/2013 West Palm Beach / N Military Trail 2   FL   3,659   1,595   2,833   111       1,595   2,944   4,539   528 12/1/2011 West Palm Beach / S Military Trail   FL   3,280   1,729   4,058   129       1,730   4,186   5,916   585 7/1/2005 West Palm Beach / Southern Blvd   FL   5,346   1,752   4,909   514       1,752   5,423   7,175   1,851 10/1/2015 Weston   FL   7,039   1,680   11,342   355       1,680   11,697   13,377   391 11/17/2016 Acworth   GA   —   2,805   4,519   —       2,805   4,519   7,324   19 8/26/2004 Alpharetta / Holcomb Bridge Rd   GA   —   1,973   1,587   329       1,973   1,916   3,889   694 10/1/2015 Alpharetta / Jones Bridge Rd   GA   5,827   1,420   8,902   278       1,420   9,180   10,600   295 8/8/2006 Alpharetta / North Main St   GA   5,429   1,893   3,161   232       1,894   3,392   5,286   984 8/6/2014 Atlanta / Chattahoochee Ave   GA   —   1,132   10,080   118       1,132   10,198   11,330   640 8/26/2004 Atlanta / Cheshire Bridge Rd NE   GA   12,613   3,737   8,333   760       3,738   9,092   12,830   3,033 10/22/2014 Atlanta / Edgewood Ave SE   GA   7,544   588   10,295   251       588   10,546   11,134   593 4/3/2014 Atlanta / Mt Vernon Hwy   GA   —   2,961   19,819   173       2,961   19,992   22,953   1,400 8/26/2004 Atlanta / Roswell Rd   GA   —   1,665   2,028   473       1,665   2,501   4,166   844 2/28/2005 Atlanta / Virginia Ave   GA   6,315   3,319   8,325   780       3,319   9,105   12,424   2,973 11/4/2013 Augusta   GA   1,982   710   2,299   88       710   2,387   3,097   200 10/1/2015 Austell   GA   3,361   540   6,550   257       540   6,807   7,347   226 10/1/2015 Buford / Buford Dr   GA   —   500   5,484   321       500   5,805   6,305   192 3/29/2016 Buford / Gravel Springs Rd   GA   —   895   7,625   180       895   7,805   8,700   169 5/7/2015 Dacula / Auburn Rd   GA   4,378   2,087   4,295   141       2,077   4,446   6,523   176 1/17/2006 Dacula / Braselton Hwy   GA   4,965   1,993   3,001   228       1,993   3,229   5,222   964 6/17/2010 Douglasville   GA   —   1,209   719   597       1,209   1,316   2,525   315 10/1/2015 Duluth / Berkeley Lake Rd   GA   4,055   1,350   5,718   336       1,350   6,054   7,404   192 10/1/2015 Duluth / Breckinridge Blvd   GA   3,864   1,160   6,336   271       1,160   6,607   7,767   212 10/1/2015 Duluth / Peachtree Industrial Blvd   GA   4,216   440   7,516   260       440   7,776   8,216   253 11/30/2012 Eastpoint   GA   5,566   1,718   6,388   200       1,718   6,588   8,306   726 10/1/2015 Ellenwood   GA   2,679   260   3,992   398       260   4,390   4,650   140 6/14/2007 Johns Creek   GA   3,298   1,454   4,151   187       1,454   4,338   5,792   1,127 10/1/2015 Jonesboro   GA   —   540   6,174   312       540   6,486   7,026   220 6/17/2010 Kennesaw / Cobb Parkway NW   GA   —   673   1,151   206       673   1,357   2,030   293 10/1/2015 Kennesaw / George Busbee Pkwy   GA   4,730   500   9,126   202       500   9,328   9,828   304 11/4/2013 Lawrenceville / Hurricane Shoals Rd   GA   3,265   2,117   2,784   371       2,117   3,155   5,272   296 10/1/2015 Lawrenceville / Lawrenceville Hwy 1   GA   —   730   3,058   542       730   3,600   4,330   116 10/1/2015 Lawrenceville / Lawrenceville Hwy 2   GA   3,073   1,510   4,674   263       1,510   4,937   6,447   162 10/1/2015 Lawrenceville / Old Norcross Rd   GA   —   870   3,705   375       870   4,080   4,950   131 11/12/2009 Lithonia   GA   —   1,958   3,645   904       1,958   4,549   6,507   739 3/29/2016 Loganville   GA   —   814   5,494   422       814   5,916   6,730   130 10/1/2015 Marietta / Austell Rd SW   GA   —   1,070   3,560   483       1,070   4,043   5,113   131 6/17/2010 Marietta / Cobb Parkway N   GA   —   887   2,617   355       887   2,972   3,859   596 10/1/2015 Marietta / Powers Ferry Rd   GA   5,442   430   9,242   249       430   9,491   9,921   307 10/1/2015 Marietta / West Oak Pkwy   GA   4,370   500   6,395   192       500   6,587   7,087   217 10/1/2015 Peachtree City   GA   —   1,080   8,628   438       1,080   9,066   10,146   289 4/24/2015 Powder Springs   GA   4,503   370   6,014   66       370   6,080   6,450   237 6/30/2016 Roswell   GA   —   1,043   6,981   —       1,043   6,981   8,024   119 10/1/2015 Sandy Springs   GA   7,000   1,740   11,439   337       1,740   11,776   13,516   382 10/1/2015 Savannah / King George Blvd 1   GA   2,963   390   4,889   301       390   5,190   5,580   170 10/1/2015 Savannah / King George Blvd 2   GA   —   390   3,370   270       390   3,640   4,030   122 10/1/2015 Sharpsburg   GA   4,899   360   8,455   255       360   8,710   9,070   282 10/1/2015 Smyrna / Cobb Parkway SE   GA   4,580   1,360   7,002   353       1,360   7,355   8,715   242 11/17/2016 Smyrna / Oakdale Rd   GA   —   588   7,362   —       588   7,362   7,950   31 8/26/2004 Snellville   GA   —   2,691   4,026   381       2,691   4,407   7,098   1,516 3/29/2016 Stockbridge   GA   —   2,899   7,098   457       2,899   7,555   10,454   165 8/26/2004 Stone Mountain / Annistown Rd   GA   2,738   1,817   4,382   338       1,817   4,720   6,537   1,604 7/1/2005 Stone Mountain / S Hairston Rd   GA   2,533   925   3,505   458       925   3,963   4,888   1,286 6/14/2007 Sugar Hill / Nelson Brogdon Blvd 1   GA   —   1,371   2,547   252       1,371   2,799   4,170   771 6/14/2007 Sugar Hill / Nelson Brogdon Blvd 2   GA   —   1,368   2,540   413       1,367   2,954   4,321   786 10/15/2013 Tucker   GA   5,713   1,773   10,456   87       1,773   10,543   12,316   875 10/1/2015 Wilmington Island   GA   5,631   760   9,423   341       760   9,764   10,524   318 11/18/2016 Hilo   HI   —   2,859   5,429   7       2,859   5,436   8,295   23 4/5/2016 Honolulu / Ahua Street   HI   —   2,325   26,376   390       2,325   26,766   29,091   463 5/3/2013 Honolulu / Kalakaua Ave   HI   17,140   4,674   18,350   313       4,674   18,663   23,337   1,758 7/14/2016 Honolulu / Kalanianaole Hwy   HI   —   —   29,211   115       —   29,326   29,326   378 6/25/2007 Kahului   HI   —   3,984   15,044   1,226       3,984   16,270   20,254   4,180 6/25/2007 Kapolei / Farrington Hwy 1   HI   9,084   —   24,701   798       —   25,499   25,499   6,370 12/6/2013 Kapolei / Farrington Hwy 2   HI   7,029   —   7,776   116       —   7,892   7,892   620 11/18/2016 Lihue   HI   —   2,504   4,357   2       2,504   4,359   6,863   19 5/3/2013 Wahiawa   HI   3,504   1,317   2,626   345       1,317   2,971   4,288   287 11/4/2013 Bedford Park   IL   2,469   922   3,289   363       922   3,652   4,574   329 6/8/2015 Berwyn   IL   —   965   9,085   148       965   9,233   10,198   379 11/4/2013 Chicago / 60th St   IL   4,842   1,363   5,850   173       1,363   6,023   7,386   502 11/4/2013 Chicago / 87th St   IL   5,765   2,881   6,324   116       2,881   6,440   9,321   523 10/1/2015 Chicago / 95th St   IL   —   750   7,828   414       750   8,242   8,992   283 2/13/2013 Chicago / Montrose   IL   8,093   1,318   9,485   213       1,318   9,698   11,016   977 11/4/2013 Chicago / Pulaski Rd   IL   3,488   1,143   6,138   529       1,143   6,667   7,810   537 7/1/2005 Chicago / South Wabash   IL   11,436   621   3,428   2,245       621   5,673   6,294   1,846 11/10/2004 Chicago / Stony Island   IL   —   1,925   —   —       1,925   —   1,925   — 7/1/2005 Chicago / West Addison   IL   5,324   449   2,471   810       449   3,281   3,730   1,241 2/25/2016 Chicago / West Devon Ave   IL   —   1,327   15,535   2       1,327   15,537   16,864   362 7/1/2005 Chicago / West Harrison 1   IL   4,477   472   2,582   2,823       472   5,405   5,877   1,440 6/10/2016 Chicago / West Harrison 2   IL   —   4,502   21,672   52       4,502   21,724   26,226   325 10/1/2015 Chicago / Western Ave   IL   —   670   4,718   342       670   5,060   5,730   176 10/1/2015 Cicero / Ogden Ave   IL   —   1,590   9,371   397       1,590   9,768   11,358   328 10/1/2015 Cicero / Roosevelt Rd   IL   —   910   3,224   354       910   3,578   4,488   126 6/10/2016 Country Club Hills   IL   —   195   8,650   85       195   8,735   8,930   130 7/15/2003 Crest Hill   IL   2,301   847   2,946   1,040       968   3,865   4,833   1,307 11/8/2016 Des Plaines   IL   —   1,645   10,630   7       1,645   10,637   12,282   45 10/1/2007 Gurnee   IL   —   1,374   8,296   135       1,374   8,431   9,805   2,028 6/10/2016 Harwood Heights   IL   —   1,724   14,543   125       1,724   14,668   16,392   219 12/1/2011 Highland Park   IL   12,678   5,798   6,016   269       5,798   6,285   12,083   844 11/4/2013 Lincolnshire   IL   3,585   1,438   5,128   102       1,438   5,230   6,668   422 12/1/2008 Naperville / Ogden Avenue   IL   —   2,800   7,355   (710)    (d)    1,950   7,495   9,445   1,588 12/1/2011 Naperville / State Route 59   IL   4,633   1,860   5,793   136       1,860   5,929   7,789   801 5/3/2008 North Aurora   IL   2,711   600   5,833   176       600   6,009   6,609   1,377 6/10/2016 Round Lake Beach   IL   —   796   2,977   150       796   3,127   3,923   46 7/2/2012 Skokie   IL   —   1,119   7,502   3,250       1,119   10,752   11,871   937 10/15/2002 South Holland   IL   2,301   839   2,879   386       865   3,239   4,104   1,248 8/1/2008 Tinley Park   IL   —   1,823   4,794   1,010       1,548   6,079   7,627   1,148 10/10/2008 Carmel   IN   4,860   1,169   4,393   313       1,169   4,706   5,875   1,119 9/16/2016 Greenwood   IN   —   457   2,954   9       457   2,963   3,420   26 9/16/2016 Indianapolis / Crawfordsville Rd   IN   —   287   3,251   21       287   3,272   3,559   29 10/10/2008 Indianapolis / Dandy Trail/Windham Lake Dr   IN   5,460   850   4,545   714       850   5,259   6,109   1,269 8/31/2007 Indianapolis / E 65th St   IN   —   588   3,457   530       588   3,987   4,575   1,089 11/30/2012 Indianapolis / E 86th St   IN   —   646   1,294   195       646   1,489   2,135   195 9/16/2016 Indianapolis / E Stop 11 Rd   IN   —   1,923   5,925   2       1,923   5,927   7,850   51 4/22/2016 Indianapolis / Emerson Ave   IN   —   876   4,778   236       876   5,014   5,890   97 9/16/2016 Indianapolis / Fulton Dr   IN   —   663   4,434   10       663   4,444   5,107   38 4/22/2016 Indianapolis / Georgetown Road   IN   —   1,326   6,164   327       1,326   6,491   7,817   125 10/10/2008 Indianapolis / Southport Rd/Kildeer Dr   IN   —   426   2,903   418       426   3,321   3,747   853 4/22/2016 Indianapolis / Washington Street   IN   —   172   3,066   213       172   3,279   3,451   62 4/22/2016 Indianapolis/ Lafayette Road   IN   —   903   3,658   305       903   3,963   4,866   74 4/22/2016 Indianapolis/ Rockville Road   IN   —   1,531   4,076   247       1,531   4,323   5,854   82 10/10/2008 Mishawaka   IN   5,201   630   3,349   347       630   3,696   4,326   910 4/13/2006 Wichita   KS   —   366   1,897   466       366   2,363   2,729   834 6/27/2011 Covington   KY   1,909   839   2,543   169       839   2,712   3,551   448 10/1/2015 Crescent Springs   KY   —   120   5,313   289       120   5,602   5,722   187 10/1/2015 Erlanger   KY   3,799   220   7,132   258       220   7,390   7,610   244 10/1/2015 Florence / Centennial Circle   KY   —   240   8,234   666       240   8,900   9,140   305 10/1/2015 Florence / Steilen Dr   KY   6,326   540   13,616   674       540   14,290   14,830   473 7/1/2005 Louisville / Bardstown Rd   KY   3,586   586   3,244   583       586   3,827   4,413   1,250 9/16/2016 Louisville / Preston Hwy   KY   —   2,970   8,237   24       2,970   8,261   11,231   71 7/1/2005 Louisville / Warwick Ave   KY   6,745   1,217   4,611   393       1,217   5,004   6,221   1,557 12/1/2005 Louisville / Wattbourne Ln   KY   4,510   892   2,677   539       892   3,216   4,108   927 10/1/2015 Walton   KY   —   290   6,245   330       290   6,575   6,865   216 8/26/2004 Metairie   LA   3,699   2,056   4,216   331       2,056   4,547   6,603   1,497 8/26/2004 New Orleans   LA   5,230   4,058   4,325   850       4,059   5,174   9,233   1,814 90 Date acquired or development completed Store Name   State   Debt   Land initial cost   Building and improvements initial cost   Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition   Notes   Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2016   Accumulated depreciation Land         Building and improvements      Total       6/1/2003 Ashland   MA   5,455   474   3,324   384       474   3,708   4,182   1,566 5/1/2004 Auburn   MA   —   918   3,728   540       919   4,267   5,186   1,805 11/4/2013 Billerica   MA   7,897   3,023   6,697   238       3,023   6,935   9,958   582 5/1/2004 Brockton / Centre St / Rte 123   MA   —   647   2,762   347       647   3,109   3,756   1,234 11/4/2013 Brockton / Oak St   MA   4,929   829   6,195   486       829   6,681   7,510   589 11/9/2012 Danvers   MA   7,662   3,115   5,736   195       3,115   5,931   9,046   656 2/6/2004 Dedham / Allied Dr   MA   —   2,443   7,328   1,587       2,443   8,915   11,358   3,242 3/4/2002 Dedham / Milton St   MA   5,737   2,127   3,041   984       2,127   4,025   6,152   1,687 5/13/2015 Dedham / Providence Highway   MA   —   1,625   10,875   114       1,625   10,989   12,614   420 2/6/2004 East Somerville   MA   —   —   —   173       —   173   173   130 7/1/2005 Everett   MA   —   692   2,129   1,120       692   3,249   3,941   1,196 5/1/2004 Foxboro   MA   —   759   4,158   505       759   4,663   5,422   2,174 7/2/2012 Framingham   MA   —   —   —   56       —   56   56   19 5/1/2004 Hudson   MA   3,247   806   3,122   671       806   3,793   4,599   1,719 12/31/2007 Jamaica Plain   MA   9,015   3,285   11,275   766       3,285   12,041   15,326   2,873 10/18/2002 Kingston   MA   5,173   555   2,491   209       555   2,700   3,255   1,158 6/22/2001 Lynn   MA   —   1,703   3,237   450       1,703   3,687   5,390   1,608 3/31/2004 Marshfield   MA   —   1,039   4,155   273       1,026   4,441   5,467   1,545 11/14/2002 Milton   MA   —   2,838   3,979   6,893       2,838   10,872   13,710   3,089 11/4/2013 North Andover   MA   3,628   773   4,120   146       773   4,266   5,039   359 10/15/1999 North Oxford   MA   3,704   482   1,762   671       527   2,388   2,915   1,067 2/28/2001 Northborough   MA   4,433   280   2,715   704       280   3,419   3,699   1,552 8/15/1999 Norwood   MA   7,116   2,160   2,336   1,841       2,221   4,116   6,337   1,705 7/1/2005 Plainville   MA   4,832   2,223   4,430   485       2,223   4,915   7,138   1,856 2/16/2016 Quincy / Liberty St   MA   —   1,567   14,595   41       1,567   14,636   16,203   344 6/30/2016 Quincy / Old Colony Ave   MA   —   1,238   12,362   338       1,238   12,700   13,938   165 2/6/2004 Quincy / Weston Ave   MA   6,910   1,359   4,078   541       1,360   4,618   5,978   1,582 5/15/2000 Raynham   MA   —   588   2,270   929       670   3,117   3,787   1,297 12/1/2011 Revere   MA   4,675   2,275   6,935   361       2,275   7,296   9,571   984 6/1/2003 Saugus   MA   9,015   1,725   5,514   611       1,725   6,125   7,850   2,396 6/15/2001 Somerville   MA   11,406   1,728   6,570   948       1,731   7,515   9,246   2,987 7/1/2005 Stoneham   MA   5,729   944   5,241   326       944   5,567   6,511   1,716 5/1/2004 Stoughton / Washington St 1   MA   —   1,754   2,769   365       1,755   3,133   4,888   1,405 9/16/2016 Stoughton / Washington St 2   MA   —   2,189   7,047   61       2,189   7,108   9,297   62 7/2/2012 Tyngsboro   MA   3,341   1,843   5,004   94       1,843   5,098   6,941   602 2/6/2004 Waltham   MA   —   3,770   11,310   1,121       3,770   12,431   16,201   4,344 9/14/2000 Weymouth   MA   —   2,806   3,129   232       2,806   3,361   6,167   1,518 2/6/2004 Woburn   MA   —   —   —   285       —   285   285   168 12/1/2006 Worcester / Ararat St   MA   3,889   1,350   4,433   398       1,350   4,831   6,181   1,269 5/1/2004 Worcester / Millbury St   MA   4,290   896   4,377   3,249       896   7,626   8,522   3,001 8/31/2007 Annapolis / Renard Ct / Annex   MD   8,957   1,375   8,896   425       1,376   9,320   10,696   2,409 4/17/2007 Annapolis / Trout Rd   MD   —   5,248   7,247   381       5,247   7,629   12,876   1,966 7/1/2005 Arnold   MD   9,640   2,558   9,446   691       2,558   10,137   12,695   3,133 5/31/2012 Baltimore / Eastern Ave 1   MD   4,327   1,185   5,051   177       1,185   5,228   6,413   649 2/13/2013 Baltimore / Eastern Ave 2   MD   7,085   1,266   10,789   155       1,266   10,944   12,210   1,116 11/1/2008 Baltimore / Moravia Rd   MD   4,297   800   5,955   160       800   6,115   6,915   1,339 6/1/2010 Baltimore / N Howard St   MD   —   1,900   5,277   156       1,900   5,433   7,333   962 7/1/2005 Bethesda   MD   25,193   3,671   18,331   1,422       3,671   19,753   23,424   6,751 11/17/2016 Burtonsville   MD   —   10,136   11,756   —       10,136   11,756   21,892   50 10/20/2010 Capitol Heights   MD   7,932   1,461   9,866   259       1,461   10,125   11,586   1,711 3/7/2012 Cockeysville   MD   3,629   465   5,600   312       465   5,912   6,377   805 7/1/2005 Columbia   MD   10,990   1,736   9,632   386       1,736   10,018   11,754   3,090 12/2/2005 Edgewood / Pulaski Hwy 1   MD   —   1,000   —   (575)    (d)    425   —   425   — 9/10/2015 Edgewood / Pulaski Hwy 2   MD   —   794   5,178   253       794   5,431   6,225   200 11/2/2016 Forestville   MD   —   3,590   11,003   70       3,590   11,073   14,663   48 1/11/2007 Ft. Washington   MD   —   4,920   9,174   327       4,920   9,501   14,421   2,508 7/2/2012 Gambrills   MD   4,672   1,905   7,104   207       1,905   7,311   9,216   851 9/16/2016 Germantown   MD   —   7,114   11,316   —       7,114   11,316   18,430   97 7/8/2011 Glen Burnie   MD   6,331   1,303   4,218   361       1,303   4,579   5,882   782 6/10/2013 Hanover   MD   —   2,160   11,340   88       2,160   11,428   13,588   1,048 2/6/2004 Lanham   MD   11,373   3,346   10,079   1,595       2,618   12,402   15,020   4,171 12/27/2007 Laurel   MD   5,868   3,000   5,930   215       3,000   6,145   9,145   1,498 12/27/2012 Lexington Park   MD   —   4,314   8,412   194       4,314   8,606   12,920   923 9/17/2008 Pasadena / Fort Smallwood Rd   MD   5,926   1,869   3,056   772       1,869   3,828   5,697   1,095 3/24/2011 Pasadena / Mountain Rd   MD   —   3,500   7,407   169       3,500   7,576   11,076   1,120 8/1/2011 Randallstown   MD   4,465   764   6,331   344       764   6,675   7,439   1,008 9/1/2006 Rockville   MD   11,950   4,596   11,328   564       4,596   11,892   16,488   3,216 7/1/2005 Towson / East Joppa Rd 1   MD   10,861   861   4,742   269       861   5,011   5,872   1,609 7/2/2012 Towson / East Joppa Rd 2   MD   5,909   1,094   9,598   175       1,094   9,773   10,867   1,151 2/2/2016 Wheaton   MD   —   12,738   12,894   397       12,738   13,291   26,029   310 7/2/2012 Belleville   MI   —   954   4,984   315       954   5,299   6,253   613 7/1/2005 Grandville   MI   —   726   1,298   472       726   1,770   2,496   711 7/1/2005 Mt Clemens   MI   2,824   798   1,796   563       798   2,359   3,157   827 9/16/2016 Southgate   MI   —   960   7,247   33       960   7,280   8,240   63 10/12/2016 Plymouth   MN   —   1,528   16,030   5       1,528   16,035   17,563   103 8/31/2007 Florissant   MO   3,207   1,241   4,648   356       1,241   5,004   6,245   1,392 7/1/2005 Grandview   MO   3,081   612   1,770   594       612   2,364   2,976   854 6/1/2000 St Louis / Forest Park   MO   2,395   156   1,313   691       113   2,047   2,160   967 8/31/2007 St Louis / Gravois Rd   MO   2,615   676   3,551   357       676   3,908   4,584   1,107 6/1/2000 St Louis / Halls Ferry Rd   MO   2,422   631   2,159   791       690   2,891   3,581   1,267 8/31/2007 St Louis / Old Tesson Rd   MO   6,173   1,444   4,162   483       1,444   4,645   6,089   1,274 10/1/2015 Biloxi   MS   —   770   3,947   349       770   4,296   5,066   134 10/1/2015 Canton   MS   —   1,240   7,767   465       1,240   8,232   9,472   268 10/1/2015 Ridgeland   MS   —   410   9,135   426       410   9,561   9,971   307 10/15/2013 Cary   NC   4,139   3,614   1,788   20       3,614   1,808   5,422   149 5/5/2015 Charlotte / Monroe Rd   NC   4,637   4,050   6,867   181       4,050   7,048   11,098   282 12/8/2015 Charlotte / S Tryon St   NC   —   1,372   3,931   29       1,372   3,960   5,332   109 11/14/2016 Charlotte / South Blvd   NC   —   2,790   10,364   2       2,790   10,366   13,156   44 6/19/2015 Charlotte / Wendover Rd   NC   —   1,408   5,461   220       1,408   5,681   7,089   227 10/1/2015 Concord   NC   —   770   4,873   633       770   5,506   6,276   186 12/11/2014 Greensboro / High Point Rd   NC   3,637   1,069   4,199   134       1,069   4,333   5,402   234 12/11/2014 Greensboro / Lawndale Drive   NC   6,412   3,725   7,036   208       3,723   7,246   10,969   391 12/11/2014 Hickory / 10th Ave   NC   3,252   875   5,418   107       875   5,525   6,400   298 10/1/2015 Hickory / 18th Street   NC   —   400   5,844   320       400   6,164   6,564   202 10/1/2015 Morganton   NC   —   600   5,724   291       600   6,015   6,615   193 6/18/2014 Raleigh   NC   —   2,940   4,265   107       2,940   4,372   7,312   295 12/11/2014 Winston/Salem / Peters Creek Pkwy   NC   2,941   1,548   3,495   136       1,548   3,631   5,179   200 12/11/2014 Winston/Salem / University Pkwy   NC   4,207   1,131   5,084   129       1,131   5,213   6,344   278 4/15/1999 Merrimack   NH   3,747   754   3,299   615       817   3,851   4,668   1,520 7/1/2005 Nashua   NH   —   —   755   136       —   891   891   405 1/1/2005 Avenel   NJ   —   1,518   8,037   593       1,518   8,630   10,148   2,780 12/28/2004 Bayville   NJ   3,545   1,193   5,312   641       1,193   5,953   7,146   1,943 9/1/2008 Bellmawr   NJ   3,296   3,600   4,765   421       3,675   5,111   8,786   1,060 7/18/2012 Berkeley Heights   NJ   6,792   1,598   7,553   210       1,598   7,763   9,361   921 12/18/2014 Burlington   NJ   3,793   477   6,534   248       477   6,782   7,259   366 10/7/2015 Cherry Hill / Church Rd   NJ   —   1,057   6,037   313       1,057   6,350   7,407   206 11/30/2012 Cherry Hill / Marlton Pike   NJ   —   2,323   1,549   318       2,323   1,867   4,190   245 9/16/2016 Cherry Hill / Old Cuthbert Rd   NJ   —   1,295   4,125   8       1,295   4,133   5,428   35 12/18/2014 Cherry Hill / Rockhill Rd   NJ   1,960   536   3,407   58       536   3,465   4,001   190 11/30/2012 Cranbury   NJ   6,910   3,543   5,095   1,196       3,543   6,291   9,834   693 12/18/2014 Denville   NJ   8,802   584   14,398   120       584   14,518   15,102   767 12/31/2001 Edison   NJ   8,591   2,519   8,547   1,788       2,518   10,336   12,854   3,867 12/31/2001 Egg Harbor Township   NJ   3,868   1,724   5,001   1,631       1,724   6,632   8,356   2,482 3/15/2007 Ewing   NJ   —   1,552   4,720   (42)    (c, d)    1,562   4,668   6,230   1,274 7/18/2012 Fairfield   NJ   5,919   —   9,402   167       —   9,569   9,569   1,119 11/30/2012 Fort Lee / Bergen Blvd   NJ   12,227   4,402   9,831   347       4,402   10,178   14,580   1,124 10/1/2015 Fort Lee / Main St   NJ   —   2,280   27,409   357       2,280   27,766   30,046   899 3/15/2001 Glen Rock   NJ   —   1,109   2,401   576       1,222   2,864   4,086   1,130 12/18/2014 Hackensack / Railroad Ave   NJ   7,476   2,053   9,882   99       2,053   9,981   12,034   532 7/1/2005 Hackensack / South River St   NJ   —   2,283   11,234   919       2,283   12,153   14,436   3,994 8/23/2012 Hackettstown   NJ   5,799   2,144   6,660   176       2,144   6,836   8,980   814 7/2/2012 Harrison   NJ   3,465   300   6,003   261       300   6,264   6,564   754 12/31/2001 Hazlet   NJ   7,454   1,362   10,262   1,796       1,362   12,058   13,420   4,484 9/16/2016 Ho Ho Kus   NJ   —   13,054   31,770   39       13,054   31,809   44,863   274 7/2/2002 Hoboken   NJ   17,029   2,687   6,092   340       2,687   6,432   9,119   2,489 12/31/2001 Howell   NJ   —   2,440   3,407   1,198       2,440   4,605   7,045   1,683 12/31/2001 Iselin   NJ   4,628   505   4,524   603       505   5,127   5,632   2,203 10/1/2015 Jersey City   NJ   —   8,050   16,342   484       8,050   16,826   24,876   551 11/30/2012 Lawnside   NJ   4,930   1,249   5,613   403       1,249   6,016   7,265   675 2/6/2004 Lawrenceville   NJ   5,096   3,402   10,230   822       3,402   11,052   14,454   3,766 7/1/2005 Linden   NJ   3,612   1,517   8,384   323       1,517   8,707   10,224   2,679 12/22/2004 Lumberton   NJ   3,875   831   4,060   338       831   4,398   5,229   1,526 3/15/2001 Lyndhurst   NJ   —   2,679   4,644   1,063       2,928   5,458   8,386   2,107 8/23/2012 Mahwah   NJ   10,784   1,890   13,112   325       1,890   13,437   15,327   1,609 12/16/2011 Maple Shade   NJ   3,920   1,093   5,492   208       1,093   5,700   6,793   803 12/7/2001 Metuchen   NJ   5,314   1,153   4,462   373       1,153   4,835   5,988   1,933 8/28/2012 Montville   NJ   8,583   1,511   11,749   164       1,511   11,913   13,424   1,378 2/6/2004 Morrisville   NJ   —   2,487   7,494   2,450       1,688   10,743   12,431   3,219 7/2/2012 Mt Laurel   NJ   2,939   329   5,217   236       329   5,453   5,782   671 11/2/2006 Neptune   NJ   7,130   4,204   8,906   471       4,204   9,377   13,581   2,570 7/18/2012 Newark   NJ   7,229   806   8,340   167       806   8,507   9,313   1,007 7/1/2005 North Bergen / 83rd St   NJ   10,744   2,299   12,728   567       2,299   13,295   15,594   4,145 10/6/2011 North Bergen / Kennedy Blvd   NJ   —   861   17,127   432       861   17,559   18,420   2,377 7/25/2003 North Bergen / River Rd   NJ   8,684   2,100   6,606   417       2,100   7,023   9,123   2,571 7/18/2012 North Brunswick   NJ   6,044   2,789   4,404   207       2,789   4,611   7,400   572 12/31/2001 Old Bridge   NJ   5,445   2,758   6,450   2,051       2,758   8,501   11,259   3,149 5/1/2004 Parlin / Cheesequake Rd   NJ   —   —   5,273   496       —   5,769   5,769   2,585 7/1/2005 Parlin / Route 9 North   NJ   —   2,517   4,516   605       2,517   5,121   7,638   1,881 7/18/2012 Parsippany   NJ   6,235   2,353   7,798   142       2,354   7,939   10,293   960 6/2/2011 Pennsauken   NJ   3,622   1,644   3,115   409       1,644   3,524   5,168   617 10/1/2015 Riverdale   NJ   7,217   2,000   14,541   217       2,000   14,758   16,758   476 12/9/2009 South Brunswick   NJ   2,846   1,700   5,835   215       1,700   6,050   7,750   1,118 7/1/2005 Toms River / Route 37 East 1   NJ   4,762   1,790   9,935   486       1,790   10,421   12,211   3,340 10/1/2015 Toms River / Route 37 East 2   NJ   —   1,800   10,765   323       1,800   11,088   12,888   362 10/1/2015 Toms River / Route 9   NJ   —   980   4,717   299       980   5,016   5,996   169 10/1/2015 Trenton   NJ   —   2,180   8,007   219       2,180   8,226   10,406   269 12/28/2004 Union / Green Ln   NJ   6,021   1,754   6,237   432       1,754   6,669   8,423   2,247 11/30/2012 Union / Route 22 West   NJ   6,678   1,133   7,239   221       1,133   7,460   8,593   818 11/30/2012 Watchung   NJ   6,584   1,843   4,499   262       1,843   4,761   6,604   556 11/30/2012 Albuquerque / Airport Dr NW   NM   —   755   1,797   84       755   1,881   2,636   219 8/31/2007 Albuquerque / Calle Cuervo NW   NM   4,364   1,298   4,628   753       1,298   5,381   6,679   1,458 1/7/2016 Albuquerque / Eagle Ranch Rd   NM   —   1,346   5,558   156       1,346   5,714   7,060   157 9/16/2016 Albuquerque / Ellison Rd NW   NM   —   1,182   5,813   39       1,182   5,852   7,034   51 9/16/2016 Albuquerque / Eubank SE   NM   —   1,446   7,647   71       1,446   7,718   9,164   67 9/16/2016 Albuquerque / Legion Rd NE   NM   —   —   4,861   —       —   4,861   4,861   42 11/17/2016 Albuquerque / Lomas Blvd NE   NM   —   544   3,081   —       544   3,081   3,625   13 9/16/2016 Albuquerque / Montgomery Blvd NE 1   NM   —   1,601   5,013   1       1,601   5,014   6,615   43 3/29/2016 Albuquerque / Montgomery Blvd NE 2   NM   —   2,842   7,965   153       2,842   8,118   10,960   176 1/7/2016 Rio Rancho / Golf Course Rd   NM   —   1,667   6,836   247       1,667   7,083   8,750   188 3/29/2016 Santa Fe / Pacheco St   NM   —   9,079   8,620   289       9,079   8,909   17,988   194 7/2/2012 Santa Fe / West San Mateo Rd   NM   6,263   3,066   7,366   558       3,066   7,924   10,990   949 10/1/2015 Henderson / Racetrack Rd   NV   4,705   1,470   6,348   343       1,470   6,691   8,161   221 11/30/2012 Henderson / Stephanie Pl   NV   —   2,934   8,897   293       2,934   9,190   12,124   1,026 10/1/2015 Las Vegas / Bonanza Rd   NV   4,011   820   6,716   209       820   6,925   7,745   228 10/1/2015 Las Vegas / Durango Dr   NV   —   1,140   4,384   319       1,140   4,703   5,843   157 6/22/2011 Las Vegas / Jones Blvd   NV   2,373   1,441   1,810   176       1,441   1,986   3,427   340 10/1/2015 Las Vegas / Las Vegas Blvd   NV   —   2,830   6,834   369       2,830   7,203   10,033   238 2/22/2000 Las Vegas / N Lamont St   NV   —   251   717   553       278   1,243   1,521   653 11/1/2013 Las Vegas / North Lamb Blvd   NV   2,601   279   3,900   199       279   4,099   4,378   764 10/1/2015 Las Vegas / Pecos Rd   NV   —   1,420   5,900   411       1,420   6,311   7,731   209 10/1/2015 Las Vegas / Rancho Dr   NV   —   590   5,899   159       590   6,058   6,648   198 10/1/2015 Las Vegas / W Charleston Blvd   NV   —   550   1,319   109       550   1,428   1,978   50 2/2/2016 Las Vegas / W Oakey Blvd   NV   3,776   645   4,568   —       645   4,568   5,213   107 11/30/2012 Las Vegas / W Sahara Ave   NV   4,226   773   6,006   313       773   6,319   7,092   699 11/30/2012 Las Vegas / W Tropicana Ave   NV   4,110   400   4,936   109       400   5,045   5,445   568 10/1/2015 North Las Vegas   NV   —   1,260   4,589   184       1,260   4,773   6,033   157 10/1/2015 Ballston Spa   NY   —   890   9,941   59       890   10,000   10,890   321 12/19/2007 Bohemia   NY   —   1,456   1,398   408       1,456   1,806   3,262   495 12/1/2011 Bronx / Edson Av   NY   16,840   3,450   21,210   453       3,450   21,663   25,113   2,918 8/26/2004 Bronx / Fordham Rd   NY   —   3,995   11,870   3,140       3,995   15,010   19,005   4,324 10/2/2008 Brooklyn / 3rd Ave   NY   18,550   12,993   10,405   405       12,993   10,810   23,803   2,422 7/2/2012 Brooklyn / 64th St   NY   20,805   16,188   23,309   471       16,257   23,711   39,968   2,780 5/21/2010 Brooklyn / Atlantic Ave   NY   7,598   2,802   6,536   351       2,802   6,887   9,689   1,269 12/11/2014 Brooklyn / Avenue M   NY   —   12,085   7,665   —       12,085   7,665   19,750   — 10/2/2008 Centereach   NY   4,014   2,226   1,657   236       2,226   1,893   4,119   496 8/10/2012 Central Valley   NY   —   2,800   12,173   596       2,800   12,769   15,569   1,564 11/23/2010 Freeport   NY   —   5,676   3,784   908       5,676   4,692   10,368   1,063 7/2/2012 Hauppauge   NY   5,383   1,238   7,095   364       1,238   7,459   8,697   905 7/2/2012 Hicksville   NY   8,477   2,581   10,677   132       2,581   10,809   13,390   1,252 7/2/2012 Kingston   NY   4,703   837   6,199   182       837   6,381   7,218   766 2/2/2016 Long Island City   NY   —   32,361   24,017   40       32,362   24,056   56,418   566 11/26/2002 Mt Vernon / N Mac Questen Pkwy   NY   7,726   1,926   7,622   1,075       1,926   8,697   10,623   3,199 7/1/2005 Mt Vernon / Northwest St   NY   —   1,585   6,025   2,850       1,585   8,875   10,460   3,065 2/7/2002 Nanuet   NY   9,581   2,072   4,644   1,779       2,738   5,757   8,495   2,261 7/1/2005 New Paltz   NY   4,215   2,059   3,715   700       2,059   4,415   6,474   1,499 7/1/2005 New York   NY   17,825   3,060   16,978   795       3,060   17,773   20,833   5,579 12/4/2000 Plainview   NY   7,367   4,287   3,710   751       4,287   4,461   8,748   2,037 7/18/2012 Poughkeepsie   NY   5,799   1,038   7,862   281       1,038   8,143   9,181   959 7/2/2012 Ridge   NY   5,940   1,762   6,934   243       1,762   7,177   8,939   822 91 Date acquired or development completed Store Name   State   Debt   Land initial cost   Building and improvements initial cost   Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition   Notes   Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2016   Accumulated depreciation Land         Building and improvements       Total       6/27/2011 Cincinnati / Glencrossing Way   OH   —   1,217   1,941   270       1,217   2,211   3,428   355 6/27/2011 Cincinnati / Glendale/Milford Rd   OH   4,458   1,815   5,733   278       1,815   6,011   7,826   989 6/27/2011 Cincinnati / Hamilton Ave   OH   —   2,941   2,177   300       2,941   2,477   5,418   470 6/27/2011 Cincinnati / Wooster Pk   OH   5,275   1,445   3,755   301       1,445   4,056   5,501   693 9/16/2016 Columbus / E Main St   OH   —   652   2,147   23       652   2,170   2,822   19 7/1/2005 Columbus / Innis Rd   OH   4,655   483   2,654   993       483   3,647   4,130   1,309 11/1/2013 Columbus / Kenny Rd   OH   4,718   1,227   5,057   275       1,227   5,332   6,559   942 11/4/2013 Fairfield   OH   3,717   904   3,856   331       904   4,187   5,091   382 6/27/2011 Hamilton   OH   —   673   2,910   164       673   3,074   3,747   481 11/30/2012 Hilliard   OH   2,033   1,613   2,369   269       1,613   2,638   4,251   350 7/1/2005 Kent   OH   2,301   220   1,206   281       220   1,487   1,707   591 6/27/2011 Lebanon   OH   3,983   1,657   1,566   346       1,657   1,912   3,569   357 11/30/2012 Mentor / Heisley Rd   OH   1,233   658   1,267   358       658   1,625   2,283   228 7/2/2012 Mentor / Mentor Ave   OH   —   409   1,609   195       409   1,804   2,213   252 6/27/2011 Middletown   OH   —   534   1,047   131       533   1,179   1,712   213 11/1/2013 Whitehall   OH   1,958   726   1,965   131       726   2,096   2,822   366 7/2/2012 Willoughby   OH   —   155   1,811   118       155   1,929   2,084   232 7/1/2005 Aloha / NW 185th Ave   OR   5,922   1,221   6,262   317       1,221   6,579   7,800   2,125 7/2/2012 Aloha / SW 229th Ave   OR   4,486   2,014   5,786   183       2,014   5,969   7,983   712 11/24/2015 Hillsboro   OR   —   732   9,158   167       732   9,325   10,057   277 9/15/2009 King City   OR   2,894   2,520   6,845   83       2,520   6,928   9,448   1,263 12/28/2004 Bensalem / Bristol Pike   PA   3,117   1,131   4,525   505       1,131   5,030   6,161   1,648 3/30/2006 Bensalem / Knights Rd.   PA   —   750   3,015   252       750   3,267   4,017   990 10/1/2015 Collegeville   PA   —   490   6,947   258       490   7,205   7,695   241 11/15/1999 Doylestown   PA   —   220   3,442   1,168       521   4,309   4,830   1,728 5/1/2004 Kennedy Township   PA   2,498   736   3,173   329       736   3,502   4,238   1,533 2/6/2004 Philadelphia / Roosevelt Bl   PA   5,386   1,965   5,925   1,596       1,965   7,521   9,486   2,605 11/1/2013 Philadelphia / Wayne Ave   PA   —   596   10,368   75       596   10,443   11,039   1,438 8/3/2000 Pittsburgh / E Entry Dr   PA   2,498   991   1,990   946       1,082   2,845   3,927   1,257 10/1/2015 Pittsburgh / Landings Dr   PA   —   400   3,936   412       400   4,348   4,748   145 5/1/2004 Pittsburgh / Penn Ave   PA   3,684   889   4,117   689       889   4,806   5,695   2,156 10/1/2015 Skippack   PA   —   720   4,552   245       720   4,797   5,517   162 10/1/2015 West Mifflin   PA   —   840   8,931   400       840   9,331   10,171   302 1/1/2011 Willow Grove   PA   4,995   1,297   4,027   370       1,297   4,397   5,694   761 7/1/2005 Johnston / Hartford Ave   RI   6,226   2,658   4,799   669       2,658   5,468   8,126   1,857 12/1/2011 Johnston / Plainfield   RI   1,771   533   2,127   241       533   2,368   2,901   315 10/1/2015 Bluffton   SC   —   1,010   8,673   181       1,010   8,854   9,864   288 10/1/2015 Charleston / Ashley River Rd   SC   —   500   5,390   326       500   5,716   6,216   196 8/26/2004 Charleston / Glenn McConnell Pkwy   SC   3,359   1,279   4,171   386       1,279   4,557   5,836   1,509 10/1/2015 Charleston / Maybank Hwy   SC   5,631   600   9,364   432       600   9,796   10,396   321 10/1/2015 Charleston / Savannah Hwy   SC   —   370   3,794   250       370   4,044   4,414   129 3/30/2015 Columbia / Clemson Rd   SC   —   1,483   5,415   77       1,483   5,492   6,975   254 7/19/2012 Columbia / Decker Blvd   SC   3,482   1,784   2,745   304       1,784   3,049   4,833   352 8/26/2004 Columbia / Harban Ct   SC   2,692   838   3,312   371       839   3,682   4,521   1,260 10/1/2015 Columbia / Percival Rd   SC   —   480   2,115   264       480   2,379   2,859   82 8/26/2004 Goose Creek   SC   —   1,683   4,372   1,102       1,683   5,474   7,157   1,758 10/1/2015 Greenville / Laurens Rd   SC   —   620   8,467   330       620   8,797   9,417   281 5/10/2016 Greenville / Woodruff Rd   SC   —   1,258   6,912   108       1,258   7,020   8,278   121 10/1/2015 Lexington / Northpoint Dr   SC   —   780   5,732   303       780   6,035   6,815   204 10/1/2015 Lexington / St Peters Church Rd   SC   —   750   1,481   96       750   1,577   2,327   51 10/1/2015 Mt Pleasant / Bowman Rd   SC   —   1,740   3,094   238       1,740   3,332   5,072   111 10/1/2015 Mt Pleasant / Hwy 17 N   SC   4,729   4,600   2,342   287       4,600   2,629   7,229   100 10/1/2015 Mt Pleasant / Stockade Ln   SC   14,472   11,680   19,626   488       11,680   20,114   31,794   646 10/1/2015 Myrtle Beach   SC   —   510   3,921   260       510   4,181   4,691   137 3/30/2015 North Charleston / Dorchester Road   SC   3,213   280   5,814   82       280   5,896   6,176   273 10/1/2015 North Charleston / Rivers Ave   SC   6,176   1,250   8,753   682       1,250   9,435   10,685   307 8/26/2004 Summerville   SC   —   450   4,454   267       450   4,721   5,171   1,580 12/11/2014 Taylors   SC   5,323   1,433   6,071   183       1,433   6,254   7,687   335 9/16/2016 Antioch   TN   —   2,056   3,921   17       2,056   3,938   5,994   35 7/2/2012 Bartlett   TN   —   632   3,798   147       632   3,945   4,577   470 4/15/2011 Cordova / Houston Levee Rd   TN   1,977   652   1,791   131       652   1,922   2,574   331 7/1/2005 Cordova / N Germantown Pkwy 1   TN   3,306   852   2,720   521       852   3,241   4,093   1,084 11/1/2013 Cordova / N Germantown Pkwy 2   TN   6,794   8,187   4,628   227       8,187   4,855   13,042   1,223 1/5/2007 Cordova / Patriot Cove   TN   —   894   2,680   235       894   2,915   3,809   797 11/30/2012 Franklin   TN   —   3,357   8,984   278       3,357   9,262   12,619   1,039 10/1/2015 Knoxville / Ebenezer Rd   TN   7,392   470   13,299   211       470   13,510   13,980   436 10/1/2015 Knoxville / Lovell Rd   TN   5,202   1,360   8,475   209       1,360   8,684   10,044   279 10/1/2015 Lenoir City   TN   5,550   850   10,738   453       850   11,191   12,041   363 7/2/2012 Memphis / Covington Way   TN   —   274   2,623   88       274   2,711   2,985   323 2/2/2016 Memphis / Gateway Dr   TN   —   305   3,345   40       305   3,385   3,690   82 10/1/2015 Memphis / Hollywood St   TN   —   570   8,893   315       570   9,208   9,778   294 11/17/2016 Memphis / Kirby Pkwy   TN   —   907   2,873   1       907   2,874   3,781   12 2/2/2016 Memphis / Madison Ave   TN   —   193   2,070   1       193   2,071   2,264   48 11/30/2012 Memphis / Mt Moriah   TN   2,533   1,617   2,875   478       1,617   3,353   4,970   358 11/1/2013 Memphis / Mt Moriah Terrace   TN   7,925   1,313   2,928   296       1,313   3,224   4,537   530 7/2/2012 Memphis / Raleigh/LaGrange   TN   —   110   1,280   86       110   1,366   1,476   170 11/1/2013 Memphis / Riverdale Bend   TN   4,236   803   4,635   236       803   4,871   5,674   728 11/30/2012 Memphis / Summer Ave 1   TN   3,313   1,040   3,867   423       1,040   4,290   5,330   473 9/16/2016 Memphis / Summer Ave 2   TN   —   578   2,548   10       578   2,558   3,136   22 11/17/2016 Memphis / Winchester Rd   TN   —   1,301   4,722   4       1,301   4,726   6,027   20 4/13/2006 Nashville   TN   8,263   390   2,598   1,279       390   3,877   4,267   1,341 11/22/2006 Allen   TX   4,312   901   5,553   309       901   5,862   6,763   1,626 8/26/2004 Arlington / E Pioneer Pkwy   TX   3,181   534   2,525   619       534   3,144   3,678   1,165 10/1/2015 Arlington / Randol Mill Rd   TX   —   630   5,214   365       630   5,579   6,209   187 4/15/2015 Arlington / US 287 Frontage Rd   TX   2,633   567   5,340   353       567   5,693   6,260   272 4/15/2015 Arlington / Watson Rd   TX   2,647   698   3,862   258       698   4,120   4,818   209 1/13/2015 Austin / 1st Street   TX   4,139   807   7,689   170       807   7,859   8,666   406 1/13/2015 Austin / Brodie Lane   TX   5,717   1,155   8,552   187       1,155   8,739   9,894   461 8/26/2004 Austin / Burnet Rd   TX   8,759   870   4,455   532       870   4,987   5,857   1,686 1/13/2015 Austin / Capital of Texas Hwy   TX   10,175   10,117   13,248   163       10,117   13,411   23,528   693 11/1/2013 Austin / McNeil Dr   TX   4,846   3,411   4,502   83       3,411   4,585   7,996   740 8/8/2014 Austin / North Lamar Blvd   TX   4,949   1,047   9,969   186       1,047   10,155   11,202   638 1/14/2016 Austin / Slaughter Creek Dr   TX   —   2,039   8,006   443       2,039   8,449   10,488   214 4/14/2015 Baytown   TX   6,486   619   7,861   90       619   7,951   8,570   311 1/14/2016 Belton   TX   —   801   2,550   444       801   2,994   3,795   83 1/14/2016 Cedar Park   TX   —   655   8,191   119       655   8,310   8,965   215 4/15/2015 Coppell / Belt Line Rd   TX   4,295   724   5,743   206       724   5,949   6,673   271 10/1/2015 Coppell / Denton Tap Rd   TX   —   2,270   9,333   158       2,270   9,491   11,761   307 4/15/2015 Dallas / Clark Rd   TX   4,910   1,837   8,426   395       1,837   8,821   10,658   407 8/26/2004 Dallas / E Northwest Hwy   TX   15,213   4,432   6,181   1,371       4,432   7,552   11,984   2,514 4/13/2006 Dallas / Garland Rd   TX   4,475   337   2,216   642       337   2,858   3,195   1,056 4/15/2015 Dallas / Haskell Ave   TX   —   275   11,183   278       275   11,461   11,736   516 5/4/2006 Dallas / Inwood Rd   TX   13,330   1,980   12,501   565       1,979   13,067   15,046   3,721 4/15/2015 Dallas / Lyndon B Johnson Freeway   TX   4,546   1,729   7,876   437       1,729   8,313   10,042   384 11/1/2013 Dallas / N Central Expressway   TX   16,794   13,392   15,019   778       13,392   15,797   29,189   1,351 7/2/2012 Dallas / Preston Rd 1   TX   5,113   921   7,656   140       921   7,796   8,717   939 8/10/2012 Dallas / Preston Rd 2   TX   4,278   2,542   3,274   283       2,542   3,557   6,099   485 4/15/2015 Dallas / Shiloh Rd   TX   3,243   781   7,104   317       781   7,421   8,202   342 10/1/2015 Dallas / W Northwest Hwy   TX   —   1,320   6,547   460       1,320   7,007   8,327   233 4/15/2015 Dallas / Walton Walker Blvd   TX   2,904   547   5,970   301       547   6,271   6,818   290 4/15/2015 DeSoto   TX   5,322   821   8,298   234       821   8,532   9,353   387 4/15/2015 Duncanville / E Hwy 67   TX   3,991   1,328   4,997   251       1,328   5,248   6,576   245 4/15/2015 Duncanville / E Wheatland Rd   TX   3,650   793   7,062   233       793   7,295   8,088   341 10/1/2015 El Paso / Desert Blvd   TX   —   890   3,207   288       890   3,495   4,385   109 10/1/2015 El Paso / Dyer St   TX   —   1,510   5,034   433       1,510   5,467   6,977   179 10/1/2015 El Paso / Joe Battle Blvd 1   TX   —   1,010   5,238   251       1,010   5,489   6,499   181 10/1/2015 El Paso / Joe Battle Blvd 2   TX   —   850   2,775   262       850   3,037   3,887   102 10/1/2015 El Paso / Woodrow Bean Dr   TX   —   420   1,752   176       420   1,928   2,348   65 5/8/2013 Euless / Mid/Cities Blvd   TX   4,240   1,374   5,636   137       1,374   5,773   7,147   571 4/1/2011 Euless / W Euless Blvd   TX   2,810   671   3,213   2,036       671   5,249   5,920   811 12/9/2013 Fort Worth / Mandy Lane   TX   2,060   2,033   2,495   154       2,033   2,649   4,682   239 10/25/2016 Fort Worth / Mansfield Hwy   TX   —   772   5,880   63       772   5,943   6,715   38 8/26/2004 Fort Worth / W Rosedale St   TX   4,000   631   5,794   425       630   6,220   6,850   2,093 11/4/2013 Fort Worth / White Settlement Rd   TX   3,585   3,158   2,512   89       3,158   2,601   5,759   229 11/4/2013 Garland / Beltline Rd   TX   3,267   1,424   2,209   217       1,424   2,426   3,850   226 4/15/2015 Garland / Texas 66   TX   4,598   991   6,999   200       991   7,199   8,190   335 1/7/2016 Georgetown / Dawn Dr   TX   —   1,055   5,843   482       1,055   6,325   7,380   161 8/26/2004 Grand Prairie / N Hwy 360 1   TX   2,370   551   2,330   609       551   2,939   3,490   996 8/10/2012 Grand Prairie / N Hwy 360 2   TX   3,048   2,327   1,551   189       2,327   1,740   4,067   242 3/21/2016 Houston / Eldridge Pwy   TX   —   3,428   6,423   252       3,428   6,675   10,103   143 10/6/2016 Houston / Fuqua St   TX   —   931   5,864   94       931   5,958   6,889   39 2/5/2014 Houston / Katy Fwy 1   TX   —   1,767   12,368   55       1,767   12,423   14,190   921 11/13/2015 Houston / Katy Fwy 2   TX   —   6,643   7,551   603       6,643   8,154   14,797   248 12/14/2010 Houston / Ryewater Dr   TX   —   402   1,870   240       402   2,110   2,512   402 10/1/2015 Houston / Senate Ave   TX   —   1,510   5,235   342       1,510   5,577   7,087   180 11/1/2013 Houston / South Main   TX   4,196   2,017   4,181   304       2,017   4,485   6,502   772 4/13/2006 Houston / Southwest Freeway   TX   8,555   2,596   8,735   419       2,596   9,154   11,750   2,650 2/29/2012 Houston / Space Center Blvd   TX   5,470   1,036   8,133   288       1,036   8,421   9,457   1,079 4/15/2015 Irving / N State Hwy 161   TX   —   951   5,842   265       951   6,107   7,058   276 4/15/2015 Irving / Story Rd   TX   —   585   5,445   262       585   5,707   6,292   260 10/1/2015 Kemah   TX   12,305   2,720   26,547   434       2,720   26,981   29,701   871 1/7/2016 Killeen / Fort Hood St   TX   —   1,683   6,447   353       1,683   6,800   8,483   172 11/4/2013 Killeen / Jasper Rd   TX   2,601   1,207   1,688   456       1,207   2,144   3,351   216 12/14/2010 La Porte   TX   —   1,608   2,351   353       1,608   2,704   4,312   544 8/12/2016 Lewisville / Interstate 35 E   TX   —   1,804   8,056   25       1,804   8,081   9,885   86 4/15/2015 Lewisville / State Hwy 121   TX   4,929   2,665   6,399   272       2,665   6,671   9,336   305 1/7/2016 Manor / Harris Branch Pkwy   TX   —   2,501   9,582   403       2,501   9,985   12,486   258 4/15/2015 Mansfield   TX   4,243   925   7,411   225       925   7,636   8,561   356 4/15/2015 Mesquite   TX   5,536   1,910   6,580   401       1,910   6,981   8,891   309 6/2/2016 Midland / 2504 N Loop 250 W   TX   —   1,469   5,666   281       1,469   5,947   7,416   84 10/1/2015 Midland / Andrews Hwy   TX   —   1,430   8,353   501       1,430   8,854   10,284   290 6/2/2016 Midland / Caldera Blvd   TX   —   2,263   7,451   192       2,263   7,643   9,906   112 10/1/2015 Midland / Loop 250 N   TX   —   1,320   10,291   323       1,320   10,614   11,934   345 6/2/2016 Odessa / Grandview Ave   TX   —   2,084   7,844   178       2,084   8,022   10,106   110 6/2/2016 Odessa / Kermit Hwy   TX   —   2,228   7,855   163       2,228   8,018   10,246   113 10/1/2015 Pearland   TX   5,738   3,400   7,812   213       3,400   8,025   11,425   260 4/15/2015 Plano / 14th Street   TX   5,354   1,681   7,606   231       1,681   7,837   9,518   358 4/15/2015 Plano / K Ave 1   TX   5,445   1,631   8,498   507       1,631   9,005   10,636   425 4/15/2015 Plano / K Ave 2   TX   4,041   1,298   5,293   175       1,298   5,468   6,766   248 11/22/2006 Plano / Plano Parkway   TX   5,080   1,010   6,203   564       1,010   6,767   7,777   1,885 11/22/2006 Plano / Spring Creek   TX   4,413   614   3,775   379       613   4,155   4,768   1,180 11/1/2013 Plano / Wagner Way   TX   5,890   2,753   4,353   151       2,753   4,504   7,257   824 10/6/2016 Rosenberg   TX   —   1,308   5,687   28       1,308   5,715   7,023   36 8/10/2006 Rowlett   TX   2,046   1,002   2,601   1,490       1,003   4,090   5,093   915 8/26/2004 San Antonio / Culebra Rd   TX   2,152   1,269   1,816   739       1,270   2,554   3,824   1,032 12/14/2007 San Antonio / DeZavala Rd   TX   6,063   2,471   3,556   1,439    (e)    2,471   4,995   7,466   896 10/6/2016 San Antonio / Loop 1604 W   TX   —   1,549   6,604   30       1,549   6,634   8,183   42 10/23/2015 San Antonio / San Pedro Ave   TX   —   1,140   7,560   225       1,140   7,785   8,925   246 8/26/2004 San Antonio / Westchase Dr   TX   2,420   253   1,496   280       253   1,776   2,029   637 10/1/2015 Seabrook   TX   —   1,910   8,564   246       1,910   8,810   10,720   291 4/13/2006 South Houston   TX   2,791   478   4,069   857       478   4,926   5,404   1,620 7/2/2012 Spring / I/45 North   TX   3,544   506   5,096   493       506   5,589   6,095   685 8/2/2011 Spring / Treaschwig Rd   TX   1,873   978   1,347   249       979   1,595   2,574   271 2/24/2015 The Woodlands   TX   7,744   1,511   11,861   221       1,511   12,082   13,593   603 4/8/2015 Trenton   TX   —   300   2,375   3,696       300   6,071   6,371   129 10/1/2015 Weatherford   TX   —   630   5,932   485       630   6,417   7,047   228 4/15/2016 West Spicewood   TX   —   2,722   8,122   76       2,722   8,198   10,920   158 92 Date  acquired or  development completed Store Name   State   Debt   Land initial cost   Building and improvements initial cost   Adjustments and costs subsequent to acquisition   Notes   Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2016   Accumulated depreciation Land         Building and improvements       Total       10/20/2010 East Millcreek   UT   2,934   986   3,455   2,658       986   6,113   7,099   639 11/23/2010 Murray / Cottonwood St   UT   3,611   571   986   2,340       571   3,326   3,897   576 10/4/2016 Murray / Van Winkle Expressway   UT   —   —   8,511   3       —   8,514   8,514   84 4/1/2011 Orem   UT   1,918   841   2,335   308       841   2,643   3,484   434 6/1/2004 Salt Lake City   UT   3,293   642   2,607   459       642   3,066   3,708   1,086 7/1/2005 Sandy / South 700 East 1   UT   5,051   1,349   4,372   795       1,349   5,167   6,516   1,620 9/28/2012 Sandy / South 700 East 2   UT   8,688   2,063   5,202   1,539       2,063   6,741   8,804   681 11/23/2010 West Jordan   UT   2,041   735   2,146   484       735   2,630   3,365   503 7/1/2005 West Valley City   UT   2,574   461   1,722   193       461   1,915   2,376   658 7/2/2012 Alexandria / N Henry St   VA   15,659   5,029   18,943   1,641       5,029   20,584   25,613   2,198 6/6/2007 Alexandria / S Dove St   VA   —   1,620   13,103   1,870       1,620   14,973   16,593   3,766 10/20/2010 Arlington   VA   —   —   4,802   937       —   5,739   5,739   2,643 11/1/2013 Burke   VA   11,779   11,534   7,347   75       11,534   7,422   18,956   1,503 10/1/2015 Chantilly   VA   6,261   1,100   10,606   450       1,100   11,056   12,156   359 1/7/2014 Chesapeake / Bruce Rd   VA   5,906   1,074   9,464   141       1,074   9,605   10,679   751 1/7/2014 Chesapeake / Military Hwy   VA   2,468   332   4,106   172       332   4,278   4,610   341 1/7/2014 Chesapeake / Poplar Hill Rd   VA   5,826   540   9,977   146       541   10,122   10,663   782 1/7/2014 Chesapeake / Woodlake Dr   VA   8,512   4,014   14,872   133       4,014   15,005   19,019   1,154 5/26/2011 Dumfries   VA   12,001   932   9,349   184       932   9,533   10,465   1,468 11/30/2012 Falls Church / Hollywood Rd   VA   8,574   5,703   13,307   337       5,703   13,644   19,347   1,523 7/1/2005 Falls Church / Seminary Rd   VA   9,097   1,259   6,975   706       1,259   7,681   8,940   2,398 11/30/2012 Fredericksburg / Jefferson Davis Hwy   VA   2,963   1,438   2,459   189       1,438   2,648   4,086   325 7/2/2012 Fredericksburg / Plank Rd 1   VA   4,115   2,128   5,398   122       2,128   5,520   7,648   655 10/1/2015 Fredericksburg / Plank Rd 2   VA   —   3,170   6,717   156       3,170   6,873   10,043   224 12/18/2014 Glen Allen   VA   4,921   609   8,220   116       609   8,336   8,945   439 10/1/2015 Hampton / Big Bethel Rd   VA   4,075   550   6,697   222       550   6,919   7,469   232 10/1/2015 Hampton / LaSalle Ave   VA   —   610   8,883   170       610   9,053   9,663   302 1/7/2014 Hampton / Pembroke Ave   VA   7,703   7,849   7,040   164       7,849   7,204   15,053   565 9/16/2016 Herndon / Spring St   VA   —   7,435   12,713   50       7,435   12,763   20,198   109 10/1/2015 Manassas   VA   —   750   6,242   337       750   6,579   7,329   216 1/7/2014 Newport News / Denbigh Blvd   VA   5,495   4,619   5,870   184       4,619   6,054   10,673   480 1/7/2014 Newport News / J Clyde Morris Blvd   VA   5,266   4,838   6,124   177       4,838   6,301   11,139   503 1/7/2014 Newport News / Tyler Ave   VA   4,435   2,740   4,955   158       2,740   5,113   7,853   421 1/7/2014 Norfolk / Granby St   VA   4,723   1,785   8,543   120       1,785   8,663   10,448   675 1/7/2014 Norfolk / Naval Base Rd   VA   4,214   4,078   5,975   155       4,078   6,130   10,208   497 3/17/2015 Portsmouth   VA   2,633   118   4,797   287       118   5,084   5,202   260 11/17/2016 Reston   VA   —   13,957   12,526   —       13,957   12,526   26,483   54 1/7/2014 Richmond / Hull St   VA   6,363   2,016   9,425   136       2,016   9,561   11,577   745 1/7/2014 Richmond / Laburnum Ave   VA   8,216   5,945   7,613   197       5,945   7,810   13,755   625 1/7/2014 Richmond / Midlothian Turnpike   VA   4,851   2,735   5,699   160       2,735   5,859   8,594   467 1/7/2014 Richmond / Old Staples Mill Rd   VA   6,702   5,905   6,869   148       5,905   7,017   12,922   563 8/26/2004 Richmond / W Broad St 1   VA   4,371   2,305   5,467   435       2,305   5,902   8,207   1,937 9/16/2016 Richmond / W Broad St 2   VA   —   5,810   13,177   58       5,810   13,235   19,045   115 10/1/2015 Sandston   VA   6,511   570   10,525   229       570   10,754   11,324   357 9/20/2012 Stafford / Jefferson Davis Hwy   VA   4,691   1,172   5,562   161       1,172   5,723   6,895   673 1/23/2009 Stafford / SUSA Dr   VA   4,233   2,076   5,175   156       2,076   5,331   7,407   1,120 1/7/2014 Virginia Beach / General Booth Blvd   VA   7,119   1,142   11,721   152       1,142   11,873   13,015   919 1/7/2014 Virginia Beach / Kempsville Rd   VA   7,363   3,934   11,413   116       3,934   11,529   15,463   890 1/7/2014 Virginia Beach / Village Dr   VA   9,398   331   13,175   163       331   13,338   13,669   1,038 11/22/2016 Kent   WA   —   1,937   10,640   15       1,937   10,655   12,592   45 2/15/2006 Lakewood / 80th St   WA   5,501   1,389   4,780   322       1,390   5,101   6,491   1,549 2/15/2006 Lakewood / Pacific Hwy   WA   5,501   1,917   5,256   265       1,918   5,520   7,438   1,622 4/30/2014 Puyallup   WA   —   437   3,808   101       437   3,909   4,346   278 7/1/2005 Seattle   WA   7,040   2,727   7,241   491       2,727   7,732   10,459   2,364 2/15/2006 Tacoma   WA   3,279   1,031   3,103   157       1,031   3,260   4,291   988 7/2/2012 Vancouver   WA   2,970   709   4,280   184       709   4,464   5,173   534 Various Other corporate assets       —   —   2,202   79,378       —   81,580   81,580   20,941 Various Construction in progress       —   —   —   21,860       —   21,860   21,860   — Various Undeveloped land        —   9,368   —   —       9,368   —   9,368   — Various Intangible tenant relationships and lease rights       —   —   93,695   30,276       —   123,971   123,971   101,120           $2,960,387   $1,693,124   $5,487,194   $490,990   —   $1,691,641   $5,979,667   $7,671,308   $900,861 ____________________ (a) Adjustment relates to partial disposition of land (b) Adjustment relates to property casualty loss (c) Adjustment relates to asset transfers between land, building and/or equipment (d) Adjustment relates to impairment charge (e) Adjustment relates to a purchase price adjustment (f) Adjustment relates to the acquisition of a joint venture partner’s interest 93 Activity in real estate facilities during the years ended  December 31, 2016 ,  2015  and  2014  is as follows:   2016   2015   2014 Operating facilities           Balance at beginning of year $ 6,392,487   $ 4,722,162   $ 4,126,648 Acquisitions 1,159,304   1,609,608   557,158 Improvements 92,480   46,696   32,861 Transfers from construction in progress 26,400   19,971   12,308 Dispositions and other (21,223 )   (5,950 )   (6,813 ) Balance at end of year $ 7,649,448 $ 6,392,487 $ 4,722,162 Accumulated depreciation:           Balance at beginning of year $ 728,087   $ 604,336   $ 496,754 Depreciation expense 174,906   123,751   109,531 Dispositions and other (2,132 )   —   (1,949 ) Balance at end of year $ 900,861 $ 728,087 $ 604,336 Real estate under development/redevelopment:           Balance at beginning of year $ 24,909   $ 17,870   $ 6,650 Current development 23,404   27,010   23,528 Transfers to operating facilities (26,400 )   (19,971 )   (12,308 ) Dispositions and other (53 )   —   — Balance at end of year $ 21,860 $ 24,909 $ 17,870 Net real estate assets $ 6,770,447   $ 5,689,309   $ 4,135,696 The aggregate cost of real estate for U.S. federal income tax purposes is  $6,513,574 . 94 Item 9.     Changes in an Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  None. Item 9A.     Controls and Procedures     (i) Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of “disclosure controls and procedures” in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. We have a disclosure committee that is responsible for considering the materiality of information and determining the disclosure obligations of the Company on a timely basis. The disclosure committee meets quarterly and reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report.   (ii) Internal Control over Financial Reporting (a) Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting      Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of  December 31, 2016 . Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued the following attestation report over our internal control over financial reporting. (b) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Extra Space Storage Inc. We have audited Extra Space Storage Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Extra Space Storage Inc.’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  95 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, Extra Space Storage Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Extra Space Storage Inc. as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 of Extra Space Storage Inc. and our report dated February 27, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Salt Lake City, Utah February 27, 2017   (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during our most recent quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B.     Other Information None. 96 PART III   Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Executive Officers,” and “Information About the Board of Directors and its Committees” in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after  December 31, 2016 . We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in compliance with rules of the SEC that applies to all of our personnel, including our board of directors, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available free of charge on the “Investor Relations—Corporate Governance” section of our web site at www.extraspace.com. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our web site at the address and location specified above. The board of directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters for our Audit Committee and Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee, each of which is posted on our website at the address and location specified above. Investors may obtain a free copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the committee charters by contacting the Investor Relations Department at 2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 400, Salt Lake City, Utah 84121, Attn: Jeff Norman or by telephoning (801) 365-4600. Item 11.     Executive Compensation Information with respect to executive compensation is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption “Executive Compensation” in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after  December 31, 2016 . Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Executive Compensation” and “Security Ownership of Directors and Officers” in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after  December 31, 2016 . Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions “Information about the Board of Directors and its Committees” and “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after  December 31, 2016 . Item 14.     Principal Accounting Fees and Services Information with respect to principal accounting fees and services is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption “Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after  December 31, 2016 . 97 PART IV   Item 15.     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   (a) Documents filed as part of this report: (1) and (2). All Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules filed as part of this Annual Report on 10-K are included in Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on 10-K and reference is made thereto. (3) The following documents are filed or incorporated by references as exhibits to this report: Exhibit Number    Description 2.1    Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 5, 2005 by and among Security Capital Self Storage Incorporated, as seller and Extra Space Storage LLC, PRISA Self Storage LLC, PRISA II Self Storage LLC, PRISA III Self Storage LLC, VRS Self Storage LLC, WCOT Self Storage LLC and Extra Space Storage LP, as purchaser parties and The Prudential Insurance Company of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2005). 2.2    Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 15, 2015, among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP, Edgewater REIT Acquisition (MD) LLC, Edgewater Partnership Acquisition (DE) LLC, SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. and SmartStop Self Storage Operating Partnership, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2015). 2.3    Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 16, 2015, among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP, Edgewater REIT Acquisition (MD) LLC, Edgewater Partnership Acquisition (DE) LLC, SmartStop Self Storage, Inc. and SmartStop Self Storage Operating Partnership, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2015). 3.1    Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Extra Space Storage Inc.(1) 3.2    Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated September 28, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2007). 3.3    Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated August 29, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2013). 3.4    Amended and Restated Bylaws of Extra Space Storage Inc.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2009) 3.5    Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Extra Space Storage Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed December 23, 2014). 3.6    Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Extra Space Storage LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2013). 3.7    Declaration of Trust of ESS Holdings Business Trust II.(1) 4.1    Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of July 27, 2005, between Extra Space Storage LP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2005). 4.2    Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2005, among Extra Space Storage LP, as depositor and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as property trustee, Chase Bank USA, National Association, as Delaware trustee, the Administrative Trustees named therein and the holders of undivided beneficial interest in the assets of ESS Statutory Trust III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2005). 4.3    Junior Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 4.4    Trust Preferred Security Certificates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 4.6    Indenture, dated June 21, 2013, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 and form of guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2013). 4.7    Indenture, dated September 21, 2015, among Extra Space Storage LP, as issuer, Extra Space Storage Inc., as guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of 3.125% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2035 and the form of guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015). 10.1    Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Extra Space Storage Inc. and the parties listed on Schedule I thereto.(1) 98 Exhibit Number    Description 10.2    Joint Venture Agreement, dated June 1, 2004, by and between Extra Space Storage LLC and Prudential Financial, Inc.(1) 10.3    Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 20, 2005, among Extra Space Storage Inc. and the investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2005). 10.4    Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2005, among Extra Space Storage LP, ESS Statutory Trust III and the Purchaser named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2005). 10.5    Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 27, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2007). 10.6    Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2007). 10.7    Pledge Agreement, dated June 25, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2007). 10.8    Registration Rights Agreement among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 10.9    Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2012, between Extra Space Properties Sixty Three LLC and PRISA III Co-Investment LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2012). 10.10    Extra Space Storage Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2011). 10.11    Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 21, 2013, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2013). 10.12    Letter Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2013, amending the Contribution Agreement, dated June 15, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP and various limited partnerships affiliated with AAAAA Rent-A-Space, and the Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2014). 10.13*    2015 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 14, 2015) 10.14    Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 21, 2015, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the initial purchasers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2015). 10.15    Credit Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2016, by and among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP, U.S. Bank National Association, as administrative agent, certain other financial institutions acting as syndication agents, documentation agents, senior management agents and lead arrangers and book runners, and certain lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K 10.16*   2004 Long-Term Compensation Incentive Plan as amended and restated effective March 25, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 14, 2008) 10.17*   Form of 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Option Award Agreement for Employees with employment agreements. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 10.18*   Form of 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Option Award Agreement for employees without employment agreements. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 10.19*   Form of 2004 Non-Employee Directors Share Plan Option Award Agreement for Directors. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 10.20*   2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2007). 10.21*   First Amendment to Extra Space Storage Inc. 2004 Non-Employee Directors’ Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2007). 10.22*    Extra Space Storage Non-Employee Directors’ Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of Form 10-K/A filed on March 22, 2007). 21.1    Subsidiaries of the Company(2) 23.1    Consent of Ernst & Young LLP(2) 31.1    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(2) 31.2    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(2) 99 Exhibit Number    Description 32.1    Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(2) 101    The following financial information from Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements(2). *     Management compensatory plan or arrangement (1) Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-115436 dated August 11, 2004). (2) Filed herewith. (3) See Item 15(a)(2) above. 100 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.     EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ JOSEPH D. MARGOLIS         Joseph D. Margolis Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ JOSEPH D. MARGOLIS         Joseph D. Margolis Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ P. SCOTT STUBBS         P. Scott Stubbs Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ GRACE KUNDE         Grace Kunde Senior Vice President, Accounting and Finance (Principal Accounting Officer)           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ KENNETH M. WOOLLEY         Kenneth M. Woolley Executive Chairman           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ KARL HAAS         Karl Haas  Director           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ SPENCER F. KIRK         Spencer F. Kirk  Director           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ DENNIS LETHAM         Dennis Letham Director           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ DIANE OLMSTEAD         Diane Olmstead Director           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ ROGER B. PORTER         Roger B. Porter Director           Date: February 27, 2017   By:   /S/ K. FRED SKOUSEN         K. Fred Skousen Director 101 	 
 
 
 
