
 10-K
 1
 lulu-20150201x10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
	 
		 
		 
		 lulu-2015.02.01-10K 
	 
	 
 Table of Contents   UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 _______________________________________   Form 10-K _______________________________________ þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended  February 1, 2015   OR o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from             to              Commission file number 001-33608 _______________________________________ lululemon athletica inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   _______________________________________ Delaware   20-3842867 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)   (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)     1818 Cornwall Avenue Vancouver, British Columbia   V6J 1C7 (Address of principal executive offices)   (Zip Code) Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (604) 732-6124 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Common Stock, par value $0.005 per share   Nasdaq Global Select Market   _______________________________________ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes   þ    No     o Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 of Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   o    No   þ   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   þ     No   o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   þ     No   o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   þ   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer   þ   Accelerated filer   o Non-accelerated filer   o   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   Smaller reporting company   o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes   o     No   þ The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on  August 1, 2014  was approximately  $3,986,474,344 . Such aggregate market value was computed by reference to the closing price of the common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on  August 1, 2014 . For purposes of determining this amount only, the registrant has defined affiliates as including the executive officers and directors of the registrant on  August 1, 2014 . Common Stock: At  March 23, 2015  there were  132,131,605  shares of the registrant's common stock, par value $0.005 per share, outstanding. Exchangeable and Special Voting Shares: At  March 23, 2015 , there were outstanding 9,832,541 exchangeable shares of Lulu Canadian Holding, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the registrant. Exchangeable shares are exchangeable for an equal number of shares of the registrant's common stock. In addition, at  March 23, 2015 , the registrant had outstanding 9,832,541 shares of special voting stock, through which the holders of exchangeable shares of Lulu Canadian Holding, Inc. may exercise their voting rights with respect to the registrant. The special voting stock and the registrant's common stock generally vote together as a single class on all matters on which the common stock is entitled to vote. _______________________________________   DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE DOCUMENT   PARTS INTO WHICH INCORPORATED Portions of Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders   Part III   Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS         Page PART I     Item 1. BUSINESS 1 Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 5 Item 2. PROPERTIES 12 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 13       PART II     Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 15 Item 6. SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 18 Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 19 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 34 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 35 Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 58       PART III     Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 59 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 59 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 59 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 60 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 60       PART IV     Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 61 Table of Contents PART I Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We use words such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "may," "intends," "expects" and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Discussions containing forward-looking statements may be found in the material set forth under "Business," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and in other sections of the report. All forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on our expectations and assumptions concerning future events. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this report may turn out to be inaccurate. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. They may be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in the section entitled "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this report. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this report may not occur as contemplated, and our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by the forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements in this report are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. ITEM 1.  BUSINESS General lululemon athletica inc. is a designer and retailer of technical athletic apparel. Since our inception, we have developed a distinctive corporate culture with a mission to produce products which create transformational experiences for people to live happy, healthy, fun lives.  We promote a set of core values in our business which include, developing the highest quality products, operating with integrity, leading a balanced and fun life, and nurturing entrepreneurial spirit. These core values attract passionate and motivated employees who are driven to succeed and share our purpose of "elevating the world from mediocrity to greatness."  In this Annual Report on Form 10-K ("10-K" or "Report") for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2015 ("fiscal 2014"), lululemon athletica inc. (together with its subsidiaries) is referred to as "lululemon, "the Company," "we," "us" or "our." Our Products Our healthy lifestyle inspired athletic apparel is marketed under the lululemon athletica and ivivva athletica brand names. We offer a comprehensive line of apparel and accessories for women, men and female youth. Our apparel assortment includes items such as pants, shorts, tops and jackets designed for healthy lifestyle activities and athletic pursuits such as yoga, running, general fitness, and dance-inspired apparel for female youth.  Although we benefit from the growing number of people that participate in yoga, we believe the percentage of our products sold for other activities will continue to increase as we broaden our product range to address other activities. Our fitness-related accessories include an array of items such as bags, socks, underwear, yoga mats and water bottles. Our design team continues to source and develop technically advanced fabrics and innovative functional features that we believe will help advance our product line and differentiate us from the competition. Our Market Our primary target customer is a sophisticated and educated woman who understands the importance of an active, healthy lifestyle. She is increasingly tasked with the dual responsibilities of career and family and is constantly challenged to balance her work, life and health. We believe she pursues exercise to achieve physical fitness and inner peace. As women have continued to embrace a variety of fitness and athletic activities, including yoga, we believe we have been able to effectively address their unique fit and performance needs by incorporating style along with comfort and functionality into our products through our vertical retail strategy.  Although we were founded to address the unique needs of women, we are also successfully designing products for men and athletic female youth who also appreciate the technical rigor and premium quality of our products. We also believe longer-term growth in athletic participation will be reinforced as the aging Baby Boomer generation focuses more on longevity. In  1 Table of Contents addition, we believe consumer purchase decisions are driven by both an actual need for functional products and a desire to create a particular lifestyle perception. As such, we believe the credibility and authenticity of our brand expands our potential market beyond just athletes to those who desire to lead an active, healthy, and balanced life. Our Segments We primarily conduct our business through two channels: corporate-owned stores, and direct to consumer.  We also generate net revenue from our corporate-owned outlets and showrooms, through sales to wholesale accounts, from warehouse sales, and from sales from temporary locations. The net revenue we generate from these sources is combined in our other segment. As of  February 1, 2015 , we operated  302  corporate-owned stores located in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and Singapore. We believe our vertical retail strategy allows us to interact more directly with, and gain feedback from, our customers, whom we call guests, while providing us with greater control of our brand. Our direct to consumer segment includes the net revenue which we generate from our lululemon and ivivva e-commerce websites,  www.lululemon.com  and  www.ivivva.com  and other country and region specific websites.  Our Stores As of  February 1, 2015 , our retail footprint included  211  stores in the United States,  57  stores in Canada,  26  stores in Australia,  five  in New Zealand,  two  in the United Kingdom, and  one  in Singapore. While most of our corporate-owned stores are branded lululemon athletica,  22  of our corporate-owned stores are branded ivivva athletica and specialize in dance-inspired apparel for female youth. Our retail stores are located primarily on street locations, in lifestyle centers, and in malls. Our corporate-owned stores by brand and by country as of  February 1, 2015  and  February 2, 2014 , are summarized in the table below:     February 1,  2015   February 2,  2014 lululemon athletica         United States   200   168 Canada   46   45 Australia   26   25 New Zealand   5   4 United Kingdom   2   — Singapore   1   —     280   242 ivivva athletica         United States   11   3 Canada   11   9     22   12 Total   302   254  We opened  48  net new corporate-owned stores in North America, Australia, Europe and Asia in fiscal  2014 . Over the next fiscal year, our new store growth will be primarily focused on corporate-owned stores in the United States. Over the next few years we intend to expand our presence outside of North America and Australia, as part of our long-term business strategy.  We believe that partnering with companies and individuals with significant experience and proven success in certain target countries is to our advantage. On January 11, 2015, we entered into a license and supply agreement with a partner in the Middle East which grants it the right to operate lululemon athletica branded retail locations in the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Bahrain for an initial term of five years. We retain the rights to sell lululemon products through our e-commerce websites in these countries. Under this arrangement we will be supplying the partner with lululemon products, training and other support. As of  February 1, 2015  there were no franchised retail locations in operation. 2 Table of Contents We perform ongoing evaluations of our portfolio of corporate-owned store locations. In fiscal 2014 we closed one of our corporate-owned stores. As we continue our evaluation we may in future periods close additional corporate-owned store locations. We believe that our innovative retail concept and guest experience contribute to the success of our stores. During fiscal  2014  our corporate-owned stores open at least one year, which average approximately  2,950  square feet, averaged sales of  $1,678  per square foot. Direct to Consumer Direct to consumer is an increasingly substantial part of our business, representing approximately  17.9%  of our net revenue in fiscal  2014 , compared to  16.5%  of our net revenue in fiscal  2013  and  14.4%  of our net revenue in fiscal  2012 . We believe that a direct to consumer channel is convenient for our core customer and enhances the image of our brand. Our direct to consumer channel makes our product accessible to more markets than our corporate-owned store channel alone. We believe this channel is effective in building brand awareness, especially in new markets. Other Channels Other net revenue accounted for  7.1%  of total net revenue in fiscal  2014  compared to  6.2%  in fiscal  2013  and  6.0%  of total net revenue in fiscal  2012 . Other net revenue includes sales made through the following channels: • Wholesale  - Our wholesale accounts include premium yoga studios, health clubs and fitness centers. We believe these premium wholesale locations offer an alternative distribution channel that is convenient for our core consumer and enhances the image of our brand. We do not intend wholesale to be a significant contributor to overall sales. Instead, we intend to use the channel to build brand awareness, especially in new markets, including those outside of North America. • Outlets and warehouse sales  - We utilize outlets as well as warehouse sales, which are typically held one or more times a year, to sell slow moving inventory and inventory from prior seasons to retail customers at discounted prices.  • Showrooms  - Our showrooms are typically small locations that we open from time to time when we enter new markets and feature a limited selection of our product offering.  • Temporary locations  - Our temporary locations are typically opened for a short period of time in markets in which we may not already have a presence.  Community-Based Marketing We utilize a community-based approach to building brand awareness and customer loyalty. We pursue a multi-faceted strategy which leverages our local ambassadors, social media, in-store community boards and a variety of grassroots initiatives. Product Design and Development Our product design efforts are led by a team of designers based in Vancouver, British Columbia partnering with international designers. Our team is comprised of dedicated athletes and users of our products who embody our design philosophy and dedication to premium quality. Our design team identifies trends based on market intelligence and research, proactively seeks the input of our guests and our ambassadors and broadly seeks inspiration consistent with our goals of style, function and technical superiority. As we strive to continue to provide our guests with technically advanced fabrics, our design team works closely with our suppliers to incorporate innovative fabrics that bring particular specifications to our products. We partner with independent inspection, verification, and testing companies, who conduct a variety of tests on our fabrics, testing performance characteristics including pilling, shrinkage, abrasion resistance and colorfastness. We collaborate with leading fabric suppliers to develop fabrics that we ultimately trademark for brand recognition whenever possible. Sourcing and Manufacturing We do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities. We rely on a limited number of suppliers to provide fabrics for and to produce our products. We work with a group of approximately 57 suppliers to provide the fabrics for our products. We use a wide variety of fabrics in our products, including our Luon fabric. We obtain substantially all of our Luon fabric, which represents approximately 30% of the fabric we use in our products, from two suppliers. We work with a group of approximately 30 suppliers that manufacture our products, five of which produced approximately 63% of our products in fiscal  2014 . During fiscal  2014 , no single manufacturer produced more than 30% of our product offering. During fiscal  2014 , approximately 59%  3 Table of Contents of our products were produced in South East Asia, approximately 23% in South Asia, approximately 11% in China, approximately 1% in North America and the remainder in other countries. We believe our North American manufacturers provide us with the speed to market necessary to respond quickly to changing trends and increased demand. We have developed long-standing relationships with a number of our vendors and take great care to ensure that they share our commitment to quality and ethics. We do not, however, have any long-term term contracts with any of our suppliers or manufacturing sources for the production and supply of our fabrics and garments, and we compete with other companies for fabrics, raw materials, production and import quota capacity. We require that all of our manufacturers adhere to a vendor code of ethics regarding social and environmental sustainability practices. We partner with leading inspection and verification firms to closely monitor each supplier's compliance with applicable laws and our vendor code of ethics.  Distribution Facilities We operate and distribute finished products from our owned or leased distribution facilities in Vancouver, British Columbia, Sumner, Washington, Columbus, Ohio, and Melbourne, Victoria. During fiscal 2013 we purchased the distribution center in Columbus with approximately 307,000 square feet that we opened in fiscal 2014. The distribution facilities in Vancouver, Sumner and Melbourne are leased and are approximately 120,000, 167,000 and 54,000 square feet, respectively. We believe our distribution infrastructure will be sufficient to accommodate our expected store growth and expanded product offerings over the next several years. We also utilize third-party logistic providers to store and distribute finished products from their warehouse locations in Hong Kong and the Netherlands. Competition Competition in the athletic apparel industry is principally on the basis of brand image and recognition as well as product quality, innovation, style, distribution and price. We believe that we successfully compete on the basis of our premium brand image, our focus on women and our technical product innovation. In addition, we believe our vertical retail distribution strategy differentiates us from our competitors and allows us to more effectively control our brand image. The market for athletic apparel is highly competitive. It includes increasing competition from established companies that are expanding their production and marketing of performance products, as well as from frequent new entrants to the market. We are in direct competition with wholesalers and direct sellers of athletic apparel, such as Nike, Inc., adidas AG and Under Armour, Inc. We also compete with retailers specifically focused on women's athletic apparel including The Gap, Inc. (including the Athleta brand), Lucy Activewear Inc., and bebe stores, inc. (including the BEBE SPORT collection). Seasonality Our business is affected by the general seasonal trends common to the retail apparel industry. Our annual net revenue is weighted more heavily toward our fourth fiscal quarter, reflecting our historical strength in sales during the holiday season, while our operating expenses are more equally distributed throughout the year. As a result, a substantial portion of our operating profits are generated in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. For example, we generated approximately  42% ,  39%  and  41%  of our full year operating profit during the fourth quarters of fiscal  2014 , fiscal  2013  and fiscal  2012 , respectively. Our Employees As of  February 1, 2015 , we had  8,628  employees, of which  4,949  were employed in the United States,  2,822  were employed in Canada, and  857  were employed outside of North America. None of our employees are currently covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have had no labor-related work stoppages by our employees and we believe our relations with our employees are excellent. Intellectual Property We believe we own the material trademarks used in connection with the marketing, distribution and sale of all of our products in the United States, Canada and in the other countries in which our products are currently or intended to be either sold or manufactured. Our major trademarks include lululemon athletica & design, the logo design (WAVE design) and lululemon as a word mark. We own trademark registrations for names of several of our fabrics and products including Luon, Silverescent, Pacebreaker, Rulu, Scuba, Wunder Under, VitaSea, Boolux, Luxtreme, Groove Pant, Light as Air, Booby Bracer, Ta Ta Tamer and Power Y. In addition to trademarks, we own 32 industrial design registrations in Canada that protect our  4 Table of Contents distinctive apparel and accessory designs, as well as a number of corresponding design patents in the United States and registered community designs in Europe. Securities and Exchange Commission Filings Our website address is www.lululemon.com. We provide free access to various reports that we file with, or furnish to, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, through our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been filed or furnished. These reports include, but are not limited to, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports. Our SEC reports can also be accessed through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Also available on our website are printable versions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and charters of the Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Governance Committees of our Board of Directors. Information on our website does not constitute part of this annual report on Form 10-K or any other report we file or furnish with the SEC. ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial could also impair our business and operations.  Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of our brand. Our success depends on the value and reputation of the lululemon athletica brand. The lululemon athletica name is integral to our business as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high quality product and guest experience. We rely on social media, as one of our marketing strategies, to have a positive impact on both our brand value and reputation. Our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. Negative publicity regarding the production methods of any of our suppliers or manufacturers could adversely affect our reputation and sales and force us to locate alternative suppliers or manufacturing sources. Additionally, while we devote considerable efforts and resources to protecting our intellectual property, if these efforts are not successful the value of our brand may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. If any of our products are unacceptable to us or our guests, our business could be harmed. We have occasionally received, and may in the future continue to receive, shipments of products that fail to comply with our technical specifications or that fail to conform to our quality control standards. We have also received, and may in the future continue to receive, products that either meet our technical specifications but that are nonetheless unacceptable to us, or products that are otherwise unacceptable to us or our guests. Under these circumstances, unless we are able to obtain replacement products in a timely manner, we risk the loss of net revenue resulting from the inability to sell those products and related increased administrative and shipping costs. Additionally, if the unacceptability of our products are not discovered until after such products are purchased by our guests, our guests could lose confidence in the technical attributes of our products and our results of operations could suffer and our business, reputation, and brand could be harmed. Our reliance on suppliers to provide fabrics for and to produce our products could cause problems in our supply chain. We do not manufacture our products or the raw materials for them and rely instead on suppliers. Many of the specialty fabrics used in our products are technically advanced textile products developed and manufactured by third parties and may be available, in the short-term, from only one or a very limited number of sources. For example, Luon fabric, which is included in many of our products, is supplied to the garment factories we use by a limited number of manufacturers, and the components used in manufacturing Luon fabric may each be supplied to our manufacturers by single companies. In fiscal  2014 , approximately 63% of our products were produced by our top five manufacturing suppliers, 40% of raw materials were produced by a single manufacturer. We have no long-term contracts with any of our suppliers or manufacturing sources for the production and supply of our fabrics and garments, and we compete with other companies for fabrics, raw materials, production and import quota capacity. We have experienced, and may in the future continue to experience, a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials from current sources and we may be unable to locate alternative materials suppliers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. In addition, if we experience significant increased demand, or if we need to replace an existing supplier or manufacturer, we may be unable to locate additional supplies of fabrics or raw materials or additional  5 Table of Contents manufacturing capacity on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or we may be unable to locate any supplier or manufacturer with sufficient capacity to meet our requirements or to fill our orders in a timely manner. Identifying a suitable supplier is an involved process that requires us to become satisfied with its quality control, responsiveness and service, financial stability and labor and other ethical practices. Even if we are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing or fabric sources, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our suppliers and manufacturers in our methods, products and quality control standards. Delays related to supplier changes could also arise due to an increase in shipping times if new suppliers are located farther away from our markets or from other participants in our supply chain. Any delays, interruption or increased costs in the supply of fabric or manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet guest demand for our products and result in lower net revenue and income from operations both in the short and long term. An economic downturn or economic uncertainty in our key markets may adversely affect consumer discretionary spending and demand for our products. Many of our products may be considered discretionary items for consumers. Factors affecting the level of consumer spending for such discretionary items include general economic conditions, particularly those in North America and other factors such as consumer confidence in future economic conditions, fears of recession, the availability of consumer credit, levels of unemployment, tax rates and the cost of consumer credit. As global economic conditions continue to be volatile or economic uncertainty remains, trends in consumer discretionary spending also remain unpredictable and subject to reductions due to credit constraints and uncertainties about the future. Unfavorable economic conditions may lead consumers to delay or reduce purchase of our products. Consumer demand for our products may not reach our sales targets, or may decline, when there is an economic downturn or economic uncertainty in our key markets, particularly in North America. Our sensitivity to economic cycles and any related fluctuation in consumer demand may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We operate in a highly competitive market and the size and resources of some of our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively than we can, resulting in a loss of our market share and a decrease in our net revenue and profitability. The market for technical athletic apparel is highly competitive. Competition may result in pricing pressures, reduced profit margins or lost market share or a failure to grow our market share, any of which could substantially harm our business and results of operations. We compete directly against wholesalers and direct retailers of athletic apparel, including large, diversified apparel companies with substantial market share and established companies expanding their production and marketing of technical athletic apparel, as well as against retailers specifically focused on women's athletic apparel. We also face competition from wholesalers and direct retailers of traditional commodity athletic apparel, such as cotton T-shirts and sweatshirts. Many of our competitors are large apparel and sporting goods companies with strong worldwide brand recognition, such as Nike, Inc., adidas AG, The Gap, Inc. and Under Armour, Inc. Because of the fragmented nature of the industry, we also compete with other apparel sellers, including those specializing in yoga apparel. Many of our competitors have significant competitive advantages, including longer operating histories, larger and broader customer bases, more established relationships with a broader set of suppliers, greater brand recognition and greater financial, research and development, store development, marketing, distribution and other resources than we do. In addition, our technical athletic apparel is sold at a price premium to traditional athletic apparel. Our competitors may be able to achieve and maintain brand awareness and market share more quickly and effectively than we can. In contrast to our "grassroots" marketing approach, many of our competitors promote their brands through traditional forms of advertising, such as print media and television commercials, and through celebrity endorsements, and have substantial resources to devote to such efforts. Our competitors may also create and maintain brand awareness using traditional forms of advertising more quickly than we can. Our competitors may also be able to increase sales in their new and existing markets faster than we do by emphasizing different distribution channels than we do, such as catalog sales or an extensive franchise network, as opposed to distribution through retail stores, wholesale or internet, and many of our competitors have substantial resources to devote toward increasing sales in such ways. In addition, because we own no patents or exclusive intellectual property rights in the technology, fabrics or processes underlying our products, our current and future competitors are able to manufacture and sell products with performance characteristics, fabrication techniques and styling similar to our products. Our sales and profitability may decline as a result of increasing product costs and decreasing selling prices. Our business is subject to significant pressure on pricing and costs caused by many factors, including intense competition, constrained sourcing capacity and related inflationary pressure, pressure from consumers to reduce the prices we charge for our products and changes in consumer demand. These factors may cause us to experience increased costs, reduce our sales prices to consumers or experience reduced sales in response to increased prices, any of which could cause our operating  6 Table of Contents margin to decline if we are unable to offset these factors with reductions in operating costs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions, operating results and cash flows. If we are unable to anticipate consumer preferences and successfully develop and introduce new, innovative and updated products, we may not be able to maintain or increase our sales and profitability. Our success depends on our ability to identify and originate product trends as well as to anticipate and react to changing consumer demands in a timely manner. All of our products are subject to changing consumer preferences that cannot be predicted with certainty. If we are unable to introduce new products or novel technologies in a timely manner or our new products or technologies are not accepted by our guests, our competitors may introduce similar products in a more timely fashion, which could hurt our goal to be viewed as a leader in technical athletic apparel innovation. Our new products may not receive consumer acceptance as consumer preferences could shift rapidly to different types of athletic apparel or away from these types of products altogether, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. Failure to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer preferences could lead to, among other things, lower sales and excess inventory levels. Even if we are successful in anticipating consumer preferences, our ability to adequately react to and address those preferences will in part depend upon our continued ability to develop and introduce innovative, high-quality products. Our failure to effectively introduce new products that are accepted by consumers could result in a decrease in net revenue and excess inventory levels, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Our results of operations could be materially harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast guest demand for our products. To ensure adequate inventory supply, we must forecast inventory needs and place orders with our manufacturers based on our estimates of future demand for particular products. Our ability to accurately forecast demand for our products could be affected by many factors, including an increase or decrease in guest demand for our products or for products of our competitors, our failure to accurately forecast guest acceptance of new products, product introductions by competitors, unanticipated changes in general market conditions, and weakening of economic conditions or consumer confidence in future economic conditions. If we fail to accurately forecast guest demand we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale in our stores or for delivery to guests. Inventory levels in excess of guest demand may result in inventory write-downs or write-offs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices, which would cause our gross margin to suffer and could impair the strength and exclusivity of our brand. Conversely, if we underestimate guest demand for our products, our manufacturers may not be able to deliver products to meet our requirements, and this could result in damage to our reputation and guest relationships. Our inability to safeguard against security breaches with respect to our information technology systems could disrupt our operations. Our business employs systems and websites that allow for the storage and transmission of proprietary or confidential information regarding our business, guests and employees including credit card information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information and potential liability. We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to be able to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Actual or anticipated attacks may cause us to incur increasing costs including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third party experts and consultants. Advances in computer capabilities, new technological discoveries or other developments may result in the technology used by us to protect transaction or other data being breached or compromised. Data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues including intentional or inadvertent breach by employees or persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of personal or confidential information. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, significant litigation and potential liability and damage to our brand and reputation or other harm to our business.  Any material disruption of our information systems could disrupt our business and reduce our sales. We are increasingly dependent on information systems to operate our e-commerce websites, process transactions, respond to guest inquiries, manage inventory, purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis and maintain cost-efficient operations. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems, including a disruption or slowdown caused by our failure to successfully upgrade our systems, system failures, viruses, computer "hackers" or other causes, could cause information, including data related to guest orders, to be lost or delayed which could-especially if the disruption or slowdown occurred during the holiday season-result in delays in the delivery of products to our stores and guests or lost sales, which could reduce demand for our products and cause our sales to decline. If changes in technology cause our information systems to become obsolete, or if our information systems are inadequate to handle our growth, we could lose guests. 7 Table of Contents If we continue to grow at a rapid pace, we may not be able to effectively manage our growth and the increased complexity of our business and as a result our brand image and financial performance may suffer. We have expanded our operations rapidly since our inception in 1998 and our net revenue has increased from $40.7 million in fiscal 2004 to  $1.8 billion  in fiscal  2014 . If our operations continue to grow at a rapid pace, we may experience difficulties in obtaining sufficient raw materials and manufacturing capacity to produce our products, as well as delays in production and shipments, as our products are subject to risks associated with overseas sourcing and manufacturing. We could be required to continue to expand our sales and marketing, product development and distribution functions, to upgrade our management information systems and other processes and technology, and to obtain more space for our expanding workforce. This expansion could increase the strain on our resources, and we could experience operating difficulties, including difficulties in hiring, training and managing an increasing number of employees. These difficulties could result in the erosion of our brand image which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. The fluctuating cost of raw materials could increase our cost of goods sold and cause our results of operations and financial condition to suffer. The fabrics used by our suppliers and manufacturers include synthetic fabrics whose raw materials include petroleum-based products. Our products also include silver and natural fibers, including cotton. Our costs for raw materials are affected by, among other things, weather, consumer demand, speculation on the commodities market, the relative valuations and fluctuations of the currencies of producer versus consumer countries and other factors that are generally unpredictable and beyond our control. Increases in the cost of raw materials, including petroleum or the prices we pay for silver and our cotton yarn and cotton-based textiles, could have a material adverse effect on our cost of goods sold, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our limited operating experience and limited brand recognition in new international markets may limit our expansion strategy and cause our business and growth to suffer. Our future growth depends in part on our expansion efforts outside of North America. We have limited experience with regulatory environments and market practices internationally, and we may not be able to penetrate or successfully operate in any new market. In connection with our expansion efforts we may encounter obstacles we did not face in North America, including cultural and linguistic differences, differences in regulatory environments, labor practices and market practices, difficulties in keeping abreast of market, business and technical developments and foreign guests' tastes and preferences. We may also encounter difficulty expanding into new international markets because of limited brand recognition leading to delayed acceptance of our technical athletic apparel by guests in these new international markets. Our failure to develop our business in new international markets or experiencing disappointing growth outside of existing markets will harm our business and results of operations. If we encounter problems with our distribution system, our ability to deliver our products to the market and to meet guest expectations could be harmed. We rely on our distribution facilities for substantially all of our product distribution. Our distribution facilities include computer controlled and automated equipment, which means their operations are complicated and may be subject to a number of risks related to security or computer viruses, the proper operation of software and hardware, electronic or power interruptions or other system failures. In addition, because substantially all of our products are distributed from three locations, our operations could also be interrupted by labor difficulties, extreme or severe weather conditions or by floods, fires or other natural disasters near our distribution centers. For example, severe weather conditions in Sumner, Washington in 2011, including snow and freezing rain, resulted in disruption in our distribution facilities and the local transportation system. If we encounter problems with our distribution system, our ability to meet guest expectations, manage inventory, complete sales and achieve objectives for operating efficiencies could be harmed. Our fabrics and manufacturing technology are not patented and can be imitated by our competitors. The intellectual property rights in the technology, fabrics and processes used to manufacture our products are owned or controlled by our suppliers and are generally not unique to us. Our ability to obtain intellectual property protection for our products is therefore limited and we currently own no patents or exclusive intellectual property rights in the technology, fabrics or processes underlying our products. As a result, our current and future competitors are able to manufacture and sell products with performance characteristics, fabrics and styling similar to our products. Because many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do, they may be able to manufacture and sell products based on our fabrics and manufacturing technology at lower prices than we can. If our competitors do sell similar products to ours at lower prices, our net revenue and profitability could suffer. 8 Table of Contents Our failure or inability to protect our intellectual property rights could diminish the value of our brand and weaken our competitive position. We currently rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade dress and unfair competition laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and licensing arrangements, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that the steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to prevent infringement of such rights by others, including imitation of our products and misappropriation of our brand. In addition, intellectual property protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries where laws or law enforcement practices may not protect our intellectual property rights as fully as in the United States or Canada, and it may be more difficult for us to successfully challenge the use of our intellectual property rights by other parties in these countries. If we fail to protect and maintain our intellectual property rights, the value of our brand could be diminished and our competitive position may suffer. We are subject to risks associated with leasing retail space subject to long-term and non-cancelable leases. We lease the majority of our stores under operating leases and our inability to secure appropriate real estate or lease terms could impact our ability to grow. Our leases generally have initial terms of between five and ten years, and generally can be extended only in five-year increments if at all. We generally cannot cancel these leases at our option. If an existing or new store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, as we have done in the past and may do in the future, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. Similarly, we may be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable leases even if current locations of our stores become unattractive as demographic patterns change. In addition, as each of our leases expire, we may fail to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could require us to close stores in desirable locations. Increasing labor costs and other factors associated with the production of our products in South and South East Asia could increase the costs to produce our products. A significant portion of our products are produced in South and South East Asia and increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in the countries in this area could significantly increase our costs to produce our products and could have a negative impact on our operations, net revenue and earnings. Factors that could negatively affect our business include a potential significant revaluation of the currencies used in these countries, which may result in an increase in the cost of producing products, labor shortage and increases in labor costs, and difficulties in moving products manufactured out of the countries in which they are manufactured and through the ports on the western coast of North America, whether due to port congestion, labor disputes, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors, and natural disasters or health pandemics. A labor strike or other transportation disruption affecting these ports could significantly disrupt our business. Also, the imposition of trade sanctions or other regulations against products imported by us from, or the loss of "normal trade relations" status with any country in which our products are manufactured, could significantly increase our cost of products imported into North America and/or Australia and harm our business. We may not be able to successfully open new store locations in a timely manner, if at all, which could harm our results of operations. Our growth will largely depend on our ability to successfully open and operate new stores. Our approach to identifying locations for our stores typically favors street locations, lifestyle centers and malls where we can be a part of the community. As a result, our stores are typically located near retailers or fitness facilities that we believe are consistent with our guests' lifestyle choices. Sales at these stores are derived, in part, from the volume of foot traffic in these locations. Our ability to successfully open and operate new stores depends on many factors, including, among others, our ability to: • identify suitable store locations, the availability of which is outside of our control; • negotiate acceptable lease terms, including desired tenant improvement allowances; • hire, train and retain store personnel and field management; • immerse new store personnel and field management into our corporate culture; • source sufficient inventory levels; and • successfully integrate new stores into our existing operations and information technology systems. Successful new store openings may also be affected by our ability to initiate our grassroots marketing efforts in advance of opening our first store in a new market. We typically rely on our grassroots marketing efforts to build awareness of our brand and demand for our products. Our grassroots marketing efforts are often lengthy and must be tailored to each new market based on our emerging understanding of the market. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully  9 Table of Contents implement our grassroots marketing efforts in a particular market in a timely manner, if at all. Additionally, we may be unsuccessful in identifying new markets where our technical athletic apparel and other products and brand image will be accepted or the performance of our stores will be considered successful. Our failure to comply with trade and other regulations could lead to investigations or actions by government regulators and negative publicity. The labeling, distribution, importation, marketing and sale of our products are subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission, Consumer Product Safety Commission and state attorneys general in the United States, the Competition Bureau and Health Canada in Canada, as well as by various other federal, state, provincial, local and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which our products are distributed or sold. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could become subject to enforcement actions or the imposition of significant penalties or claims, which could harm our results of operations or our ability to conduct our business. In addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and could impair the marketing of our products, resulting in significant loss of net revenue. Our international operations are also subject to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and other anti-bribery laws applicable to our operations. In many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be a local custom that businesses operating in such countries engage in business practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other U.S. and foreign laws and regulations applicable to us. Although we have implemented procedures designed to ensure compliance with the FCPA and similar laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, agents and other channel partners, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violation could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Our future success is substantially dependent on the continued service of our senior management. Our future success is substantially dependent on the continued service of our senior management and other key employees. In the last several years, several members of our senior management team have left us and we have focused time and resources on recruiting the new members of our current management team. The continued turnover of senior management and the loss of key members of our executive team could have a negative impact on our ability to manage and grow our business effectively. We do not maintain a key person life insurance policy on any of the members of our senior management team. As a result, we would have no way to cover the financial loss if we were to lose the services of members of our senior management team. Our business is affected by seasonality. Our business is affected by the general seasonal trends common to the retail apparel industry. Our annual net revenue is weighted more heavily toward our fourth fiscal quarter, reflecting our historical strength in sales during the holiday season, while our operating expenses are more equally distributed throughout the year. As a result, a substantial portion of our operating profits are generated in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. For example, we generated approximately  42% ,  39%  and  41%  of our full year operating profit during the fourth quarters of fiscal  2014 , fiscal  2013  and fiscal  2012 , respectively. This seasonality may adversely affect our business and cause our results of operations to fluctuate, and, as a result, we believe that comparisons of our operating results between different quarters within a single fiscal year are not necessarily meaningful and that results of operations in any period should not be considered indicative of the results to be expected for any future period. Because a significant portion of our net revenue and expenses are generated in countries other than the United States, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have negatively affected our results of operations and may continue to do so in the future. The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is generally the applicable local currency. Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. Therefore, the net revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries are translated from their functional currencies into U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar affect the reported amounts of net revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities. Foreign exchange differences which arise on translation of our foreign subsidiaries’ balance sheets into U.S. dollars are recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders' equity. We also have exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates associated with transactions which are undertaken by our subsidiaries in currencies other than their functional currency. Such transactions include intercompany transactions and inventory purchases denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the purchasing entity. As a result, we have been impacted by changes in exchange rates and may be impacted materially for the foreseeable future. The potential impact of currency fluctuation increases as international expansion increases. 10 Table of Contents We currently generate a significant portion of our net revenue and incur a significant portion of our expenses in Canada. The reporting currency for our consolidated financial statements is the U.S. dollar. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar during fiscal  2014  has resulted in: • a reduction in our net revenue upon translation of the sales made by our Canadian operations into U.S. dollars for the purposes of consolidation; • a reduction in our selling, general and administrative expenses incurred by our Canadian operations into U.S. dollars for the purposes of consolidation; and • foreign exchange gains by our Canadian subsidiaries on U.S. dollar cash and receivables denominated in U.S. dollars.  A 10% depreciation in the relative value of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar compared to the exchange rates in effect for fiscal 2014 would have resulted in  lost  income from operations of approximately  $2.2 million  in fiscal  2014 . This assumes a consistent 10% depreciation in the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar throughout the fiscal year. The timing of changes in the relative value of the Canadian dollar combined with the seasonal nature of our business, can affect the magnitude of the impact that fluctuations in foreign exchange rates have on our income from operations. We have not historically hedged foreign currency fluctuations. However, in the future, in an effort to mitigate losses associated with these risks, we may at times enter into derivative financial instruments, although we have not historically done so. We do not, and do not intend to, engage in the practice of trading derivative securities for profit. The operations of many of our suppliers are subject to additional risks that are beyond our control and that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Almost all of our suppliers are located outside of North America. During fiscal  2014 , approximately 59% of our products were produced in South East Asia, approximately 23% in South Asia, approximately 11% in China, approximately 1% in North America and the remainder in other countries. As a result of our international suppliers, we are subject to risks associated with doing business abroad, including: • political unrest, terrorism, labor disputes and economic instability resulting in the disruption of trade from foreign countries in which our products are manufactured; • the imposition of new laws and regulations, including those relating to labor conditions, quality and safety standards, imports, duties, taxes and other charges on imports, as well as trade restrictions and restrictions on currency exchange or the transfer of funds; • reduced protection for intellectual property rights, including trademark protection, in some countries, particularly China; • disruptions or delays in shipments; and • changes in local economic conditions in countries where our manufacturers, suppliers or guests are located. These and other factors beyond our control could interrupt our suppliers' production in offshore facilities, influence the ability of our suppliers to export our products cost-effectively or at all and inhibit our suppliers' ability to procure certain materials, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to source our merchandise profitably or at all could be hurt if new trade restrictions are imposed or existing trade restrictions become more burdensome. The United States and the countries in which our products are produced or sold internationally have imposed and may impose additional quotas, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions or regulations, or may adversely adjust prevailing quota, duty or tariff levels. We have expanded our relationships with suppliers outside of China, which among other things has resulted in increased costs and shipping times for some products. Countries impose, modify and remove tariffs and other trade restrictions in response to a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. Trade restrictions, including tariffs, quotas, embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of products available to us or may require us to modify our supply chain organization or other current business practices, any of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our trademarks and other proprietary rights could potentially conflict with the rights of others and we may be prevented from selling some of our products. Our success depends in large part on our brand image. We believe that our trademarks and other proprietary rights have significant value and are important to identifying and differentiating our products from those of our competitors and creating  11 Table of Contents and sustaining demand for our products. We have obtained and applied for some United States and foreign trademark registrations, and will continue to evaluate the registration of additional trademarks as appropriate. However, we cannot guarantee that any of our pending trademark applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. Moreover, even if the applications are approved, third parties may seek to oppose or otherwise challenge these registrations. Additionally, we cannot assure you that obstacles will not arise as we expand our product line and the geographic scope of our sales and marketing. Third parties may assert intellectual property claims against us, particularly as we expand our business and the number of products we offer. Our defense of any claim, regardless of its merit, could be expensive and time consuming and could divert management resources. Successful infringement claims against us could result in significant monetary liability or prevent us from selling some of our products. In addition, resolution of claims may require us to redesign our products, license rights from third parties or cease using those rights altogether. Any of these events could harm our business and cause our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition to suffer. Anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could delay and discourage takeover attempts that stockholders may consider to be favorable. Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may make it more difficult or impossible for a third-party to acquire control of us or effect a change in our board of directors and management. These provisions include: • the classification of our board of directors into three classes, with one class elected each year; • prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors; • the ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; • the ability to remove a director only for cause and only with the vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of our voting stock; • a special meeting of stockholders may only be called by our chairman or Chief Executive Officer, or upon a resolution adopted by an affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors, and not by our stockholders; • prohibiting stockholder action by written consent; and • our stockholders must comply with advance notice procedures in order to nominate candidates for election to our board of directors or to place stockholder proposals on the agenda for consideration at any meeting of our stockholders. In addition, we are governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law which, subject to some specified exceptions, prohibits "business combinations" between a Delaware corporation and an "interested stockholder," which is generally defined as a stockholder who becomes a beneficial owner of 15% or more of a Delaware corporation's voting stock, for a three-year period following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. Section 203 could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control that our stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES Our principal executive and administrative offices are located at 1818 Cornwall Avenue, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6J 1C7. We currently operate four distribution centers located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Sumner, Washington, Columbus, Ohio and Melbourne, Victoria. We purchased the Columbus, Ohio distribution center in fiscal 2013 and it commenced operations during fiscal 2014. We expect that our current administrative offices and distribution centers are sufficient for our expansion plans for the foreseeable future. The general location, use and approximate size of our owned properties at  February 1, 2015 , are set forth below: Location   Use   Approximate Square Feet Columbus, OH   Distribution Center   307,000 Vancouver, BC   Executive and Administrative Offices   78,000 Vancouver, BC   Executive and Administrative Offices   15,000 12 Table of Contents The general location, use, approximate size and lease renewal date of our leased properties at  February 1, 2015 , are set forth below: Location   Use   Approximate Square Feet   Lease Renewal Date Sumner, WA   Distribution Center   167,000   April 2020 Vancouver, BC   Distribution Center   120,000   November 2017 Melbourne, VIC   Distribution Center   54,000   September 2016 Melbourne, VIC   Executive and Administrative Offices   28,000   September 2019 In addition to the locations listed above, we hold inventory at warehouses managed by third-parties in Hong Kong and the Netherlands. As of  February 1, 2015 , we leased approximately  888,000  gross square feet relating to  300  of our  302  stores. Our leases generally have initial terms of between five and 10 years, and generally can be extended only in five-year increments, if at all. All of our leases require a fixed annual rent, and most require the payment of additional rent if store sales exceed a negotiated amount. Generally, our leases are "net" leases, which require us to pay all of the cost of insurance, taxes, maintenance and utilities. We generally cannot cancel these leases at our option. ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS In addition to the legal matters described below, we are, from time to time, involved in routine legal matters incidental to the conduct of our business, including legal matters such as initiation and defense of proceedings to protect intellectual property rights, slip and fall/personal injury claims, product liability claims, and similar matters. We believe the ultimate resolution of any such current proceeding will not have a material adverse effect on our continued financial position, results of operations or cash flows. On October 25, 2013, plaintiff Laborers' District Council Industry Pension Fund filed a books-and-records action in the Delaware Court of Chancery entitled  Laborers' District Council Construction Industry Pension Fund v. lululemon athletica inc.,  C.A. No. 9039-VCP (Del. Ch.) under 8 Del. C. Sec. 220 based on a demand letter it sent to us on or around August 8, 2013 to request certain lululemon records relating to the March 2013 sheer Luon issue, our announcement that our then CEO, Christine Day, intended to resign, and certain stock trades executed by the then-Chairman of our board of directors, Mr. Wilson, prior to our announcement regarding our former CEO, Christine Day. The Court held a one-day trial on February 19, 2014, which took the form of an oral argument. On April 2, 2014, the Court rejected the majority of books and records sought by plaintiff and ordered us to produce a narrow category of documents relating to one trade made by the our former Chairman. On June 11, 2014, the Court consolidated this action with the action captioned  Hallandale Beach Police Officers and Firefighters' Personnel Retirement Fund v. lululemon athletica inc. , C.A. No. 8522-VCP (Del. Ch.), which is described below. On June 13, 2014, Plaintiffs filed a Motion to Enforce the Court's April 2, 2014 Telephonic Rulings and Compel in Camera Inspection of Withheld and Redacted Documents. The Court held a hearing on the Motion to Enforce on December 1, 2014 and the judgment on the Motion remains pending. We believe there is no merit to the Motion. On August 12, 2013 and August 23, 2013, plaintiffs Thomas Canty and Tammy Federman filed shareholder derivative actions entitled  Canty v. Day, et al. , No. 13-CV-5629 (S.D.N.Y.) and  Federman v. Day, et al. , No. 13-CV-5977 (S.D.N.Y.). Plaintiffs allege that they are acting on behalf of us and name as defendants our current and former directors and certain officers. On January 17, 2014, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, operative in both actions. In that amended complaint, plaintiffs challenge certain public disclosures and conduct relating to the March 2013 sheer Luon issue, the June 2013 announcement regarding the resignation of our former CEO, Christine Day, and certain stock trades executed by Mr. Wilson and Ms. Day in the months leading up to that announcement. Plaintiffs allege violations of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act and breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, and gross mismanagement. On April 9, 2014, the Court dismissed all of plaintiffs' claims due to plaintiffs' failure to make a pre-suit demand. On May 9, 2014, plaintiff in the Canty action filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The Court of Appeals has scheduled an oral argument on the appeal on March 27, 2015. We believe there is no merit to the appeal. On July 2, 2013, plaintiff Houssam Alkhoury filed a putative shareholder class action entitled  Alkhoury v. lululemon athletica inc., et al. , No. 13-CV-4596 (S.D.N.Y.) against lululemon, a certain director and a certain officer of ours (collectively, "Defendants"). On October 1, 2013, the Court appointed Louisiana Sheriffs' Pension & Relief Fund as Lead Plaintiff and on November 1, 2013, Lead Plaintiff filed a consolidated class action complaint on behalf of a proposed class of purchasers of lululemon stock between September 7, 2012 through June 11, 2013 (the "Complaint"). In its Complaint, Lead Plaintiff asserted causes of action under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against Defendants based on certain public disclosures made by us relating to lululemon's product quality and the March 2013 sheer Luon issue. On January 15, 2014, Lead Plaintiff filed a consolidated amended class action complaint (the "Amended Complaint") on behalf of a proposed  13 Table of Contents class of purchasers of lululemon stock between September 7, 2012 through January 10, 2014. In its Amended Complaint, Lead Plaintiff added new claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on certain of lululemon's public disclosures related to our ongoing quality control improvements and the impact of those improvements on our financial results. On April 18, 2014, the Court dismissed all of Lead Plaintiff's claims for failure to state a claim. Lead Plaintiff filed a notice of appeal of this decision and filed its appeal brief on August 1, 2014. We filed a reply on October 23, 2014, Lead Plaintiff filed a further reply on November 6, 2014, and a hearing has been scheduled for May 8, 2015. We believe there is no merit to the appeal. On May 3, 2013, plaintiff Hallandale Beach Police Officers and Firefighters' Personnel Retirement Fund filed a books-and-records action in the Delaware Court of Chancery entitled  Hallandale Beach Police Officers and Firefighters' Personnel Retirement Fund v. lululemon athletica inc. , C.A. No. 8522-VCP (Del. Ch.) under 8 Del. C. Sec. 220 based on a demand letter it sent to us on April 17, 2013 to request certain lululemon records relating to the March 2013 sheer Luon issue and revisions to our executive bonus plan. We moved to dismiss the complaint on May 28, 2013. On June 14, 2013, plaintiff sent a supplemental demand letter that requested additional records from us relating to our announcement that Christine Day intended to resign as our Chief Executive Officer, and certain stock trades executed by our then-Chairman, Mr. Wilson, prior to our announcement regarding Ms. Day. On July 1, 2013, plaintiff filed an amended complaint to incorporate allegations relating to the June 14, 2013 supplemental demand letter. We moved to dismiss the amended complaint on August 15, 2013, and in response to this filing, plaintiffs served us with a new demand letter and then filed a second amended complaint on November 4, 2013. We moved to dismiss the second amended complaint on December 4, 2013 and the Court held argument on the motion on February 5, 2014. On April 2, 2014, the Court rejected the majority of books and records sought by plaintiff and ordered us to produce a narrow category of documents relating to one trade made by our former Chairman. On June 11, 2014 the Court consolidated this action with the action captioned  Laborers' District Council Construction Industry Pension Fund v. lululemon athletica inc.,  C.A. No. 9039-VCP (Del. Ch.) which is described above. On June 13, 2014 Plaintiffs filed a Motion to Enforce the Court's April 2, 2014 Telephonic Rulings and Compel in Camera Inspection of Withheld and Redacted Documents. The Court held a hearing on the Motion to Enforce on December 1, 2014 and the judgment on the Motion remains pending. We believe there is no merit to the Motion. We have indemnification agreements with certain of our current and former officers and directors that may require us, among other things, to indemnify such current or former officers and directors against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers and to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. We are unable at this time to predict the amount of our legal expenses associated with these proceedings and any settlement or damages associated with these matters. In the event that we are unsuccessful in our defense, or if we pursue settlement with regard to any of these actions, we could be required to pay significant final settlement amounts and/or judgments that exceed the limits of our insurance policies or the carriers may decline to fund such final settlements and/or judgments, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. Regardless of whether any of the claims asserted against us in these actions are valid, or whether we are ultimately held liable, such litigation may be expensive to defend and may divert resources away from our operations and negatively impact earnings. Further, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance to protect us from these types of litigation matters or extraordinary business losses. 14 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information and Dividends Our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "LULU." The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sale prices of our common stock reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market for the last two fiscal years:   Common Stock Price (Nasdaq Global Select Market)   High Low Fiscal Year Ended February 1, 2015 Fourth Quarter $ 67.48 $ 41.29 Third Quarter 45.19 38.37 Second Quarter 45.67 37.25 First Quarter 54.56 44.53 Fiscal Year Ended February 2, 2014       Fourth Quarter $ 71.56 $ 45.68 Third Quarter 76.57 65.29 Second Quarter 82.28 61.33 First Quarter 76.88 62.32 As of  February 1, 2015 , there were approximately  700  holders of record of our common stock. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock at this time. We anticipate that we will retain all of our available funds for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Any future determination as to the payment of cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and other factors that our board of directors considers to be relevant. In addition, financial and other covenants in any instruments or agreements that we enter into in the future may restrict our ability to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Stock Performance Graph The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between January 31, 2010 (the date of our fiscal year end five years ago) and  February 1, 2015 , with the cumulative total return of (i) the S&P 500 Index and (ii) S&P 500 Apparel, Accessories & Luxury Goods Index (1) , over the same period. This graph assumes the investment of $100 on January 31, 2010 in the closing sale price our common stock, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Apparel, Accessories & Luxury Goods Index and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The comparisons shown in the graph below are based on historical data. We caution that the stock price performance showing in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. Information used in the graph was obtained from the Nasdaq Stock Market website, a source believed to be reliable, but we are not responsible for any errors or omissions in such information. __________ (1) The previously compared S&P Retail Index is no longer published. 15 Table of Contents     31-Jan-10   30-Jan-11   29-Jan-12   03-Feb-13   02-Feb-14   01-Feb-15 lululemon athletica inc.   $ 100.00   $ 242.99   $ 454.11   $ 480.59   $ 323.58   $ 469.12 S&P 500 Index   $ 100.00   $ 118.85   $ 122.58   $ 140.91   $ 166.00   $ 185.78 S&P 500 Apparel, Accessories & Luxury Goods Index   $ 100.00   $ 135.25   $ 190.32   $ 174.21   $ 199.36   $ 204.52 Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities The following table provides information regarding our repurchases of shares of our common stock during the thirteen weeks ended  February 1, 2015  related to our stock repurchase program: Period (1)   Total Number of Shares Purchased (2)   Average Price Paid per Share   Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (2)   Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) November 3, 2014 - November 30, 2014   326,312   $ 42.96   326,312   $ 305,716,285 December 1, 2014 - January 4, 2015   70,157   44.86   70,157   302,569,190 January 5, 2015 - February 1, 2015   —   —   —   302,569,190 Total   396,469       396,469     __________ (1)   Monthly information is presented by reference to our fiscal periods during our  fourth  quarter of fiscal  2014 . (2)   Our stock repurchase program was approved by our board of directors in June 2014. Common shares are repurchased in the open market at prevailing market prices, with the timing and actual number of common shares to be repurchased depending upon market conditions, eligibility to trade, and other factors. The repurchases will be made up until June 2016, and the maximum dollar value of shares to be repurchased is $450 million. 16 Table of Contents The following table provides information regarding our purchases of shares of our common stock during the thirteen weeks ended  February 1, 2015  related to our Employee Share Purchase Plan:   Period (1)   Total Number of Shares Purchased (2)   Average Price Paid per Share   Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3)   Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2,3) November 3, 2014 - November 30, 2014   10,952   $ 44.82   10,952   5,300,350 December 1, 2014 - January 4, 2015   14,104   51.35   14,104   5,286,246 January 5, 2015 - February 1, 2015   7,391   64.49   7,391   5,278,855 Total   32,447       32,447     ___________  (1)   Monthly information is presented by reference to our fiscal periods during our fourth quarter of fiscal  2014 . (2)   Excluded from this disclosure are shares repurchased to settle statutory employee tax withholding related to the vesting of performance-based restricted stock unit awards. (3)   Our Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) was approved by our board of directors and stockholders in September 2007. All shares purchased under the ESPP are purchased on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (or such other stock exchange as we may designate from time to time). Unless our board of directors terminates the ESPP earlier, the ESPP will continue until all shares authorized for purchase under the ESPP have been purchased. The maximum number of shares authorized to be purchased under the ESPP is 6,000,000. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 6.  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA The selected consolidated financial data set forth below is derived from our consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements for the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 ,  February 3, 2013 ,  January 29, 2012  and  January 30, 2011 . The consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income data for each of the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014  and  February 3, 2013  and the consolidated balance sheet data as of  February 1, 2015  and  February 2, 2014  is derived from, and qualified by reference to, our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. The consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income for the year ended February 3, 2013 covers a 53 week period compared to a 52 week period for the other years. Fiscal Year Ended February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013   January 29, 2012   January 30, 2011 (In thousands, except per share data) Consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income data: Net revenue $ 1,797,213 $ 1,591,188   $ 1,370,358   $ 1,000,839   $ 711,704 Cost of goods sold 883,033 751,112   607,532   431,488   316,757 Gross profit 914,180 840,076   762,826   569,351   394,947 Operating expenses:                 Selling, general and administrative expenses 538,147 448,718   386,387   282,393   212,784 Provision for impairment and lease exit costs — —   —   —   1,772 Income from operations 376,033 391,358   376,439   286,958   180,391 Other income (expense), net 7,102 5,768   4,957   2,500   2,886 Income before provision for income taxes 383,135 397,126   381,396   289,458   183,277 Provision for income taxes 144,102 117,579   109,965   104,494   61,080 Net income 239,033 279,547   271,431   184,964   122,197 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest — —   875   901   350 Net income attributable to lululemon athletica inc. $ 239,033 $ 279,547   $ 270,556   $ 184,063   $ 121,847                       Other comprehensive (loss) income:                     Foreign currency translation adjustment   (105,339 ) (89,158 )   (459 )   1,220   14,462 Comprehensive income   $ 133,694 $ 190,389   $ 270,097   $ 185,283   $ 136,309                       Basic earnings per share $ 1.66   $ 1.93   $ 1.88   $ 1.29   $ 0.86 Diluted earnings per share $ 1.66   $ 1.91   $ 1.85   $ 1.27   $ 0.85 Basic weighted-average number of shares outstanding 143,935 144,913   144,000   143,196   141,720 Diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding 144,298 146,043   145,806   145,278   143,858 As of February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013   January 29, 2012   January 30, 2011 (In thousands) Consolidated balance sheet data: Cash and cash equivalents $ 664,479 $ 698,649   $ 590,179   $ 409,437   $ 316,286 Total assets 1,296,213 1,252,388   1,052,678   736,034   499,302 Total stockholders' equity 1,089,568 1,096,682   887,299   606,181   394,293 Non-controlling interest —   —   —   4,805   3,904 18 Table of Contents ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This discussion summarizes our consolidated operating results, financial condition and liquidity during the three-year period ending  February 1, 2015 . Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to January 31 of the following year, typically resulting in a 52 week year, but occasionally giving rise to an additional week, resulting in a 53 week year.  Fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 were 52 week years whereas fiscal 2012 was a 53 week year. Net revenue numbers for fiscal 2012 include results from the 53rd week; however, total comparable sales and comparable stores sales calculations exclude the 53rd week. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements based on current expectations that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions set forth in the "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements." Our actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in the "Item 1A. Risk Factors" section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview Fiscal 2014 was a year in which we continued to make investments we believe will help us to drive growth and expand our business. We have strengthened the foundation of our business through continued investments in product quality and supply chain and these investments will continue through fiscal 2015.  Throughout fiscal 2014 we also focused on our product assortment, guest experience, and our go-to-market process for our products. Our improved product assortment helped to enhance our guest experience and contributed to the improved total comparative sales performance we saw in the second half of fiscal 2014. The opening of our new distribution center in Columbus, Ohio in fiscal 2014 has also helped improve guest experience through a reduction in our average transit times for online orders and will also benefit retail distribution to our corporate owned stores in the United States. We opened  48  net new corporate-owned stores in fiscal 2014, of which  40  were in the United States. In addition to our plans for further new store openings in the United States, we are focused on accelerating our international expansion. During fiscal 2014 we opened corporate-owned stores for the first time in the United Kingdom and Singapore and opened showrooms for the first time in China. We will continue to utilize a community-based approach to building brand awareness and guest loyalty in new countries but will look to do so over a shorter period of time than previously, so that we can accelerate our international growth. We see potential for further expansion for our men’s category and our ivivva athletica brand. In the men's category we expanded both in-store and online product assortment and we opened our first standalone men’s store in Soho, New York. For ivivva, we opened  10  new stores during fiscal 2014 and will continue to invest in this brand and open further stores through fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2015, we expect to substantially complete this foundational work and accelerate our investments in innovation to drive sustainable global growth. Financial Highlights • Our net revenue increased from  $1.6 billion  in fiscal  2013  to  $1.8 billion  in fiscal  2014 , representing an annual growth rate of  13% . Our increase in net revenue from fiscal  2013  to fiscal  2014  resulted from the addition of  48  net new corporate-owned stores and increased direct to consumer net revenue.  • Total comparable sales, which includes comparable store sales and direct to consumer,  increased   1%  in fiscal  2014  and increased by  3%  on a constant dollar basis.  • Our direct to consumer segment is an increasingly substantial part of our growth strategy, and now represents  17.9%  of our net revenue compared to  16.5%  in fiscal  2013  and  14.4%  in fiscal  2012 . Direct to consumer net revenue increased  24%  on a constant dollar basis primarily as the result of increased traffic on our e-commerce websites. • Corporate-owned stores accounted for  75.0%  of total net revenue in fiscal  2014 ,  77.3%  of total net revenue in fiscal  2013  and  79.6%  of total net revenue in fiscal  2012 . Comparable store sales  decreased  by  1%  on a constant dollar basis for fiscal  2014  primarily as the result of lower conversion rates and lower units purchased per transaction. 19 Table of Contents • Gross profit for fiscal  2014   increased  by  9%  to  $914.2 million , from  $840.1 million  in fiscal  2013 . As a percentage of net revenue, gross profit  decreased  to  50.9%  compared to  52.8%  in fiscal  2013 . The decrease in the gross margin percentage was primarily due to product mix, increased product costs, and increased air freight usage. • Income from operations for fiscal  2014   decreased  by  4%  to  $376.0 million , from  $391.4 million  in fiscal  2013 . As a percentage of net revenue, income from operations  decreased  to  20.9%  compared to  24.6%  of net revenue in fiscal  2013 . The decrease in income from operations was a result of an increase in selling, general and administration expenses, relative to the increase in net revenue, partially offset by an increase in gross margin. • Tax expense for fiscal  2014   increased  by  23%  to  $144.1 million , from  $117.6 million  in fiscal  2013 . Fiscal 2014 includes a tax expense of  $33.7 million  related to the repatriation of foreign earnings that will be used to fund the share buyback program. The tax rate excluding the  $33.7 million  tax expense on the repatriation of foreign earnings would have been  28.8% , compared to  29.6%  in fiscal 2013. The tax rate for fiscal  2014 , including the tax expense on the repatriation of foreign earnings, was  37.6% . • Diluted earnings per share for fiscal  2014  were  $1.66 . compared to  $1.91  in fiscal  2013 . Excluding the tax expense of  $33.7 million  on the repatriated foreign earnings, diluted earnings per share were  $1.89  for fiscal 2014. Refer to the non-GAAP reconciliation tables contained in the "Results of Operations" section of this "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" for reconciliations of constant dollar total comparable sales, constant dollar comparable store sales, constant dollar changes in direct to consumer net revenue, the fiscal 2014 tax rate excluding the tax expense on the repatriation of foreign earnings, and diluted earnings per share excluding the tax expense on the repatriation of foreign earnings to measures calculated in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). General Net revenue  is comprised of corporate-owned store net revenue, direct to consumer sales through  www.lululemon.com ,  www.ivivva.com  and other country and region specific websites, and other net revenue, which includes outlet sales, showroom sales, sales to wholesale accounts, warehouse sales, and sales from temporary locations. Cost of goods sold  includes the cost of purchased merchandise, including in-bound freight, duty and nonrefundable taxes incurred in delivering the goods to our distribution centers. It also includes occupancy costs and depreciation expense for our corporate-owned store locations, all costs incurred in operating our distribution centers and production, design and merchandise departments, hemming, and shrink and valuation reserves. The primary drivers of the costs of individual goods are the costs of raw materials and labor in the countries where we source our merchandise. Selling, general and administrative expenses  consist of all operating costs not otherwise included in cost of goods sold. We anticipate that our selling, general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars due to anticipated continued growth of our corporate support staff and store-level employees. Provision for income taxes  depends on the statutory tax rates in the countries where we sell our products. We anticipate that in the future we may start to sell our products directly to some customers located in countries that we have not yet operated in, in which case we would become subject to taxation based on the foreign statutory rates in the countries where these sales take place and our effective tax rate could fluctuate accordingly. 20 Table of Contents Results of Operations The following tables summarize key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage of net revenue:       Fiscal Year Ended     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013     (In thousands) Consolidated statements of operations:             Net revenue   $ 1,797,213   $ 1,591,188   $ 1,370,358 Cost of goods sold   883,033   751,112   607,532 Gross profit   914,180   840,076   762,826 Selling, general and administrative expenses   538,147   448,718   386,387 Income from operations   376,033   391,358   376,439 Other income (expense), net   7,102   5,768   4,957 Income before provision for income taxes   383,135   397,126   381,396 Provision for income taxes   144,102   117,579   109,965 Net income   239,033   279,547   271,431 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   —   —   875 Net income attributable to lululemon athletica inc.   $ 239,033   $ 279,547   $ 270,556     Fiscal Year Ended     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013     (% of net revenue) Net revenue   100.0   100.0   100.0 Cost of goods sold   49.1   47.2   44.3 Gross profit   50.9   52.8   55.7 Selling, general and administrative expenses   30.0   28.2   28.2 Income from operations   20.9   24.6   27.5 Other income (expense), net   0.4   0.4   0.3 Income before provision for income taxes   21.3   25.0   27.8 Provision for income taxes   8.0   7.4   8.0 Net income   13.3   17.6   19.8 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   —   —   0.1 Net income attributable to lululemon athletica inc.   13.3   17.6   19.7 Comparison of Fiscal  2014  to Fiscal  2013   Net Revenue Net revenue  increased   $206.0 million , or  13% , to  $1.797 billion  in fiscal  2014  from  $1.591 billion  in fiscal  2013 . Assuming the average exchange rates in fiscal  2014  remained constant with the average exchange rates in fiscal  2013 , our net revenue would have  increase d  $241.7 million , or  15% . The net revenue  increase  was driven by sales from new stores and the growth of our direct to consumer segment. Total comparable sales, which includes comparable store sales and direct to consumer,  increased   1%  in fiscal  2014  compared to fiscal  2013 . Excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, total comparable sales would have  increased  by  3% . 21 Table of Contents Our net revenue on a segment basis for fiscal  2014  and fiscal  2013  is summarized below. Net revenue is expressed in dollar amounts. The percentages are presented as a percentage of total net revenue.       Fiscal Year Ended February 1, 2015 and February 2, 2014     2014   2013   2014   2013     (In thousands)   (Percentages) Corporate-owned stores   $ 1,348,225   $ 1,228,999   75.0   77.3 Direct to consumer   321,180   263,083   17.9   16.5 Other   127,808   99,106   7.1   6.2 Net revenue   $ 1,797,213   $ 1,591,188   100.0   100.0 Corporate-Owned Stores.  Net revenue from our corporate-owned stores segment  increased   $119.2 million , or  10% , to  $1.348 billion  in fiscal  2014  from  $1.229 billion  in fiscal  2013 . Net revenue from corporate-owned stores we opened during fiscal  2014 , and during fiscal  2013  prior to sales from such stores becoming part of our comparable stores base, contributed  $162.0 million  of the increase. Net new store openings in fiscal  2014  included  40  stores in the United States, including  eight  ivivva branded stores,  three  stores in Canada, including  two  ivivva branded stores,  one  store in Australia,  one  store in New Zealand,  two  stores in the United Kingdom and  one  store in Singapore. The increase in net revenue from our corporate-owned stores segment was partially offset by a comparable store sales  decrease  of  3%  in fiscal  2014  compared to fiscal  2013  which resulted in a  $42.8 million   decrease  to net revenue, including the effect of foreign currency fluctuations. Excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, comparable store sales would have  decreased   1% , or  $19.1 million , in fiscal  2014 . Comparable store sales have decreased, primarily as the result of lower conversion rates and lower units purchased per transaction. Direct to Consumer.  Net revenue from our direct to consumer segment  increased   $58.1 million , or  22% , to  $321.2 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $263.1 million  in fiscal  2013 . Excluding the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations, direct to consumer net revenue would have increased  24% . The increase in net revenue from our direct to consumer segment was a result of increasing traffic on our e-commerce websites. Other.  Net revenue from our other segment  increased   $28.7 million , or  29% , to  $127.8 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $99.1 million  in fiscal  2013 . The  increase  in net revenue from our other segment was primarily due to increased sales from our outlets, showrooms, and temporary locations. We continue to employ our other segment strategy to increase interest in our product in markets where we may not have corporate-owned stores. Gross Profit Gross profit  increased   $74.1 million , or  9% , to  $914.2 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $840.1 million  in fiscal  2013 .   Increased net revenue resulted in an increased gross profit. A $17.5 million inventory provision related to the pull-back of black Luon pants was recorded in cost of sales during fiscal 2013. The increase in gross profit was partially offset by increased costs related to our production, design, distribution and merchandising departments, as well as increases in fixed costs, such as occupancy costs and depreciation.  Gross profit, as a percentage of net revenue, or gross margin,  decreased   190  basis points, to  50.9%  in fiscal  2014  from  52.8%  in fiscal  2013 . The  decrease  in gross margin resulted primarily from: • a decrease of 210 basis points due to product mix, increased product costs, and increased air freight costs; • an increase in expenses related to our product and supply chain departments, relative to the increase in net revenue, of 70 basis points;  • an increase in fixed costs, such as occupancy costs and depreciation, relative to the increase in net revenue, of 40 basis points; and • an unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates on product costs which contributed to a decrease in gross margin of 40 basis points. The decrease in gross margin was partially offset by a decrease in provision for inventories, charged to cost of sales, of 110 basis points related to the pull-back of black Luon pants which was recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2013. A decrease in markdowns of 60 basis points driven by high sell-through of seasonal items also partially offset the decrease in gross margin. 22 Table of Contents Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses  increased   $89.4 million , or  20% , to  $538.1 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $448.7 million  in fiscal  2013 . The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was principally comprised of: • an  increase  in employee costs of  $40.2 million  as there were increases in hourly wages and a growth in labor hours associated with new corporate-owned stores, outlets, showrooms and other; • an  increase  in variable store costs of  $5.7 million  from new corporate-owned stores, outlets, showrooms and other; • an  increase  in variable costs such as distribution costs, credit card fees and packaging related to our direct to consumer segment of  $6.0 million  as a result of increased sales volume; • an  increase  in administrative costs related to our direct to consumer segment of  $4.4 million  associated with the growth in this channel and increased head count to support it; • an  increase  in head office employee costs of  $5.7 million  from increased head count in order to position us for long-term growth, partially offset by decreased stock-based compensation; • an  increase  in other head office costs of  $5.2 million  as a result of the overall growth of our business and investment in strategic initiatives and projects; • an  increase  in other costs, including occupancy costs not included in cost of goods sold, of  $11.4 million ; and • a decrease in net foreign exchange gains of  $10.8 million . As a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses  increased   180  basis points, to  30.0%  in fiscal  2014  from  28.2%  in fiscal  2013 . We expect selling, general and administrative expenses to increase throughout fiscal  2015  as we add administrative and sales personnel and increase our infrastructure to support the growth in our store base. Income from Operations Income from operations  decreased   $15.3 million , or  4% , to  $376.0 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $391.4 million  in fiscal  2013 . The  decrease  was a result of  increased  selling, general and administrative costs of  $89.4 million , partially offset by  increased  gross profit of  $74.1 million . The  increase  in selling, general and administrative costs was primarily driven by the increase in our business. On a segment basis, we determine income from operations without taking into account our general corporate expenses. We have reviewed our general corporate expenses and determined some costs previously classified as general corporate are direct segment expenses. Accordingly, all prior year comparable information has been reclassified to conform to the current year classification. Income from operations before general corporate expenses for fiscal  2014  and fiscal  2013  is summarized below and is expressed in dollar amounts. The percentages are presented as a percentage of net revenue of the respective operating segments.       Fiscal Year Ended February 1, 2015 and February 2, 2014     2014   2013   2014   2013     (In thousands)   (Percentages) Corporate-owned stores   $ 356,589   $ 372,267   26.4   30.3 Direct to consumer   132,877   109,999   41.4   41.8 Other   9,499   13,994   7.4   14.1 Income from operations before general corporate expense   498,965   496,260         General corporate expense   122,932   104,902         Income from operations   $ 376,033   $ 391,358         Corporate-Owned Stores.  Income from operations from our corporate-owned stores segment  decreased   $15.7 million , or  4% , to  $356.6 million  for fiscal  2014  from  $372.3 million  for fiscal  2013  primarily due to an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses related to employee costs as well as operating expenses associated with new stores, partially offset by an  increase  of  $31.2 million  in gross profit from increased sales. Income from operations as a percentage of corporate-owned stores net revenue  decreased  by  390  basis points primarily due to higher selling, general and administrative expenses as a  23 Table of Contents percentage of net revenue as well as lower gross margin resulting from product mix, increased product costs, and increased air freight costs. Direct to Consumer.  Income from operations from our direct to consumer segment  increased   $22.9 million , or  21% , to  $132.9 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $110.0 million  in fiscal  2013 . The increase was primarily the result of increased gross profit of  $33.1 million  primarily due to increased net revenue resulting from increased traffic, partially offset by increased selling, general and administrative expenses related to our long-term strategy for developing this channel. Income from operations as a percentage of direct to consumer net revenue decreased to  41.4%  in fiscal  2014  from  41.8%  in fiscal  2013 . Other.  Income from operations from our other segment  decreased   $4.5 million , or  32% , to  $9.5 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $14.0 million  in fiscal  2013 . Income from operations as a percentage of other net revenue  decreased  by  670  basis points primarily due to an increased number of showrooms in new international markets which have a higher cost structure than North America. We continue to employ our other segment strategy to increase interest in our product in markets we have not otherwise entered with corporate-owned stores. General Corporate Expense.  General corporate expense  increased   $18.0 million , or  17% , to  $122.9 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $104.9 million  in fiscal  2013 . This increase was primarily due to a $10.8 million decrease in net foreign exchange gains, primarily from our Canadian operating entity. An increase in expenses related to our head office growth of $7.2 million, which was largely related to additional costs incurred to support the growth of our business, including increased professional fees related to investment in strategic initiatives and projects. General corporate expenses are expected to continue to increase in future years as we grow our overall business and require increased efforts at our head office to support our corporate-owned stores, direct to consumer and other segments. Other Income (Expense), Net Other income (expense), net  increased   $1.3 million , to  $7.1 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $5.8 million  in fiscal  2013 . The increase was primarily the result of increased interest earned on cash and cash equivalents. Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes  increased   $26.5 million , or  23% , to  $144.1 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $117.6 million  in fiscal  2013 . In fiscal  2014 , our effective tax rate was  37.6%  compared to  29.6%  in fiscal  2013 . The increase in our effective tax rate was a result of a tax expense of  $33.7 million  recorded during fiscal 2014 to provide for U.S. income and applicable foreign withholding taxes on dividends of  $473.7 million  which were distributed during fiscal 2014 from foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. parent entity to fund the share repurchase program. Net Income Net income  decreased   $40.5 million , or  15% , to  $239.0 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $279.5 million  in fiscal  2013 . The  decrease  in net income in fiscal  2014  was primarily due to an  increase  of  $89.4 million  in selling, general and administrative expenses, and an  increase  of  $26.5 million  in provision for income taxes, partially offset by a  $1.3 million   increase  in other income (expense), and a  $74.1 million   increase  in gross profit resulting from new stores and the growth of our direct to consumer segment. Comparison of Fiscal  2013  to Fiscal  2012 Net Revenue Net revenue increased  $220.8 million , or  16% , to  $1.591 billion  in fiscal  2013  from  $1.370 billion  in fiscal  2012 . Assuming the average exchange rates in fiscal  2013  remained constant with the average exchange rates in fiscal  2012 , our net revenue would have increased  $247.0 million , or  18% . Total comparable sales, including comparable stores and direct to consumer, and excluding the fifty-third week’s sales of fiscal 2012,  increased   7%  in fiscal 2013, or  9%  excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations. The net revenue  increase  was driven by sales from new stores, the growth of our direct to consumer segment, and increased sales at locations in our comparable stores base. The constant dollar increase in comparable store sales was driven primarily by the strength of our existing product lines, successful introduction of new products and increasing recognition of the lululemon athletica brand name, especially at our U.S. stores, that drove higher transactions per store in the United States. 24 Table of Contents Our net revenue on a segment basis for fiscal  2013  and fiscal  2012  are expressed in dollar amounts as well as relevant percentages, presented as a percentage of total net revenue below.       Fiscal Year Ended February 2, 2014 and February 3, 2013     2013   2012   2013   2012     (In thousands)   (Percentages) Corporate-owned stores   $ 1,228,999   $ 1,090,181   77.3   79.6 Direct to consumer   263,083   197,255   16.5   14.4 Other   99,106   82,922   6.2   6.0 Net revenue   $ 1,591,188   $ 1,370,358   100.0   100.0 Corporate-Owned Stores . Net revenue from our corporate-owned stores segment increased  $138.8 million , or  13% , to  $1.229 billion  in fiscal  2013  from  $1.090 billion  in fiscal  2012 . The following contributed to the increase in net revenue from our corporate-owned stores segment:  • Net revenue from corporate-owned stores we opened during fiscal  2013 , and during fiscal  2012  prior to sales from such stores becoming part of our comparable stores base, contributed  $138.0 million  of the increase. New store openings in fiscal  2013  included  three  stores in Canada, including  one  ivivva branded store,  36  stores in the United States, including  three  ivivva branded stores,  two  stores in Australia, and  two  stores in New Zealand; and  • Comparable store sales increase of  2%  in fiscal  2013  resulted in a  $19.5 million  increase to net revenue, including the effect of foreign currency fluctuations. Excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, comparable store sales increased  4% , or  $37.3 million , in fiscal  2013 . The increase in net revenue was partially offset by $18.7 million of net revenue from the 53rd week of fiscal 2012, which was excluded in the calculation of comparable store sales. Direct to Consumer.  Net revenue from our direct to consumer segment  increased   $65.8 million , or  33% , to  $263.1 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $197.3 million  in fiscal  2012 , including  $4.2 million  of net revenue from the 53rd week of fiscal  2012 . Excluding the net revenue from the 53rd week of fiscal 2012, net revenue from our direct to consumer segment increased  36% ; excluding the effect of foreign exchange fluctuations, direct to consumer net revenue would have increased  38% . The increase in net revenue from our direct to consumer segment was a result of increasing traffic on our e-commerce websites. Other.  Net revenue from our other segment  increased   $16.2 million , or  20% , to  $99.1 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $82.9 million  in fiscal  2012 , including $3.3 million of net revenue from the 53rd week of fiscal 2012. The  increase  in net revenue from our other segment was primarily due to increased sales from our outlets and showrooms sales channels. We continue to employ our other segment strategy to increase interest in our product in markets where we may not have corporate-owned stores. Gross Profit  Gross profit  increased   $77.2 million , or  10% , to  $840.1 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $762.8 million  in fiscal  2012 .  Increased  net revenue in all of our operating segments resulted in an  increased  gross profit. A $17.5 million charge related to the pull-back of black Luon pants was recorded in cost of sales during fiscal 2013. The  increase  in gross profit was partially offset by increases in fixed costs, such as occupancy costs and depreciation, as well as increased costs related to our design, merchandising, and production departments. Gross profit, as a percentage of net revenue, or gross margin,  decreased   290  basis points, to  52.8%  in fiscal  2013  from  55.7%  in fiscal  2012 . The  decrease  in gross margin resulted primarily from:  • a decrease in product margin of 200 basis points due to a lower sales mix of higher margin core items related to the pull-back of black Luon pants, along with higher markdowns and an increase in provision for inventories charged to cost of sales; and • a non-recurring charge of 110 basis points related to the pull-back of black Luon pants in the first quarter of fiscal  2013 . The decrease in gross margin was partially offset by a decrease in expenses related to our product and supply chain departments, relative to the increase in net revenue, and by leverage on fixed costs, such as depreciation and occupancy costs, which together contributed to an increase in gross margin of 20 basis points. 25 Table of Contents Selling, General and Administrative Expenses  Selling, general and administrative expenses  increased   $62.3 million , or  16% , to  $448.7 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $386.4 million  in fiscal  2012 . The  increase  in selling, general and administrative expenses was principally comprised of:  • an  increase  in employee costs of  $25.3 million  as we experience growth in labor hours associated with new and existing corporate-owned stores, outlets, showrooms and other, as well as an increase in wages as we invest in our employees; • an  increase  in variable store costs of  $9.5 million  from new and existing corporate-owned stores, outlets, showrooms and other; • an  increase  in variable costs such as distribution costs, credit card fees and packaging related to our direct to consumer segment of  $7.3 million  as a result of increased sales volume; • an  increase  in administrative costs related to our direct to consumer segment of  $5.3 million  associated with the growth in this channel and increased head count to support it; • an  increase  in head office employee costs of  $5.7 million  from increased head count in order to position us for long-term growth, partially offset by decreased management incentive-based compensation and stock-based compensation; • an  increase  in other head office costs of  $17.5 million  as a result of the overall growth of our business and investment in strategic initiatives and projects; and • an  increase  in other costs, including occupancy costs and depreciation not included in cost of goods sold, of  $9.6 million  as a result of the expansion of our business and in order to position us for long-term growth. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was partially offset by a  $17.9 million  increase in net foreign exchange gains which were primarily from our Canadian operating entity. As a percentage of net revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses remained unchanged at  28.2%  in both fiscal  2013  and fiscal  2012 .  Income from Operations  Income from operations  increased   $14.9 million , or  4% , to  $391.4 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $376.4 million  in fiscal  2012 . The  increase  was a result of increased gross profit of  $77.2 million , partially offset by  increased  selling, general and administrative costs of  $62.3 million . The  increase  in selling, general and administrative costs was primarily driven by the increase in our business, as seen in our net revenue increases.  On a segment basis, we determine income from operations without taking into account our general corporate expenses. We have reviewed our general corporate expenses and determined some costs previously classified as general corporate are direct segment expenses. Accordingly, all prior year comparable information has been reclassified to conform to the current year classification. Income from operations before general corporate expenses for fiscal  2013  and fiscal  2012  are expressed in dollar amounts as well as percentages, presented as a percentage of net revenue of their respective operating segments below.       Fiscal Year Ended February 2, 2014 and February 3, 2013     2013   2012   2013   2012     (In thousands)   (Percentages) Corporate-owned stores   $ 372,267   $ 373,607   30.3   34.3 Direct to consumer   109,999   85,128   41.8   43.2 Other   13,994   19,787   14.1   23.9 Income from operations before general corporate expense   496,260   478,522         General corporate expense   104,902   102,083         Income from operations   $ 391,358   $ 376,439         Corporate-Owned Stores.  Income from operations from our corporate-owned stores segment  decreased   $1.3 million , or less than 1%, to  $372.3 million  for fiscal  2013  from  $373.6 million  for fiscal  2012  primarily due to an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses related to employee costs as well as operating expenses associated with new stores and a $17.5 million charge related to the pull-back of black Luon pants, which was partially offset by an  increase  of  $38.3 million  in gross profit. Income from operations as a percentage of corporate-owned stores net revenue  decreased  by  400  basis points  26 Table of Contents primarily from a decrease in gross margin due to a lower mix of higher margin core items related to the pull-back of black Luon pants. Direct to Consumer.  Income from operations from our direct to consumer segment  increased   $24.9 million , or  29% , to  $110.0 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $85.1 million  in fiscal  2012  due to increased sales through our e-commerce websites, with gross profit  increasing   $36.3 million  over fiscal  2012 . Income from operations as a percentage of direct to consumer net revenue  decreased  by  140  basis points in fiscal  2013  compared to fiscal  2012 . Other.  Income from operations from our other segment  decreased   $5.8 million , or  29% , to  $14.0 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $19.8 million  in fiscal  2012 . We continue to employ our other segment strategy to increase interest in our product in markets we have not otherwise entered with corporate-owned stores. General Corporate Expense.  General corporate expenses  increased   $2.8 million , or  3% , to  $104.9 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $102.1 million  in fiscal  2012 . This increase was primarily due to an increase in expenses related to our head office growth of $27.3 million, which was largely related to the growth of our information technology and human resources departments as well as the overall growth of our business, and increased professional fees related to investment in strategic initiatives and projects. Increased depreciation and amortization expense of $3.3 million also contributed to the increase in general corporate expense. The increase in general corporate expense was partially offset by an increase of $17.9 million in net foreign exchange gains which were primarily from our Canadian operating entity as well as decreased management incentive-based compensation of $5.0 million and decreased stock-based compensation expense of $4.9 million.  Other Income (Expense), Net  Other income (expense), net  increased   $0.8 million , to  $5.8 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $5.0 million  in fiscal  2012 . The  increase  was primarily a result of increased interest income earned in fiscal  2013  compared to fiscal  2012  on our increased cash balances.  Provision for Income Taxes  Provision for income taxes increased  $7.6 million , or  7% , to  $117.6 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $110.0 million  in fiscal  2012 . In fiscal  2013 , our effective tax rate was  29.6%  compared to  28.8%  in fiscal  2012 . Net Income  Net income  increased   $9.0 million , or  3% , to  $279.5 million  in fiscal  2013  from  $270.6 million  in fiscal  2012 . The  increase  in net income in fiscal  2013  was primarily due to a  $77.2 million   increase  in gross profit resulting from sales growth at existing and additional corporate-owned stores opened during fiscal  2013  and increasing traffic on our e-commerce websites and the addition of regional websites and a  $0.8 million   increase  in other income (expense), net, partially offset by an  increase  of  $62.3 million  in selling, general and administrative expenses, and an  increase  of  $7.6 million  in provision for income taxes. Comparable Sales We separately track comparable store sales, which reflect net revenue at corporate-owned stores that have been open for at least 12 months. Therefore, net revenue from a store is included in comparable store sales beginning with the first month for which the store has a full month of comparable prior year sales. Non-comparable store sales include sales from new stores that have not been open or otherwise not operated by us for 12 months or from stores which have been significantly remodeled or relocated. Also included in non-comparable stores sales are sales from direct to consumer sales, outlets, wholesale, warehouse sales, showrooms, temporary locations, and sales from corporate-owned stores which we have closed. The 53rd week of fiscal 2012 is excluded from the calculation of comparable store sales.  We began to report total comparable sales in fiscal 2013, which combines comparable store sales and direct to consumer sales, excluding the 53rd week of sales from fiscal 2012. Our direct to consumer segment represents a growing portion of our net revenue as the shopping behavior of our guests evolves. Our approach to our guests supports this as it involves country and region specific websites, mobile/tablet devices in stores, social networks, and product notification emails. We therefore believe that reporting total comparable sales with comparable store sales and direct to consumer sales combined provides a more relevant metric. By measuring the change in year-over-year net revenue in stores that have been open for 12 months or more as well as direct to consumer sales, total comparable sales allows us to evaluate our performance eliminating the impact of newly opened stores. Various factors affect comparable sales, including: • the location of new stores relative to existing stores; 27 Table of Contents • consumer preferences, buying trends and overall economic trends; • our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to customer preferences for technical athletic apparel; • competition; • changes in our merchandise mix; • pricing; • the timing of our releases of new merchandise and promotional events; • the effectiveness of our grassroots marketing efforts; • the level of customer service that we provide in our stores and on our websites; • our ability to source and distribute products efficiently; and • the number of stores we open, close (including for temporary renovations) and expand in any period. Opening new stores is an important part of our growth strategy. Accordingly, total comparable sales has limited utility for assessing the success of our growth strategy insofar as comparable sales do not reflect the performance of stores open less than 12 months. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Net revenue changes in constant dollars, total comparable sales in constant dollars, comparable store sales in constant dollars, changes in direct to consumer net revenue in constant dollars, the tax rate excluding the tax expense on the repatriation of foreign earnings, and diluted earnings per share excluding the tax expense on the repatriation of foreign earnings are non-GAAP performance measures.  We provide constant dollar changes in net revenue, total comparable sales, comparable store sales, and changes in direct to consumer net revenue because we use these measures to understand the underlying growth rate of net revenue excluding the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates, which are not under management’s control. We believe that disclosing these measures on a constant dollar basis is useful to investors because it enables them to better understand the level of growth of our business. We disclose the tax rate and diluted earnings per share excluding the tax expense on repatriated foreign earnings because of their comparability to our historical information as well as our diluted earnings per share guidance, which we believe is useful to investors. The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures follows, which includes more detail on the GAAP financial measure that is most directly comparable to each non-GAAP financial measure, and the related reconciliations between these financial measures. The below performance measures show the dollar and percentage change compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. Constant dollar changes in net revenue     Fiscal Year Ended   February 1, 2015   Fiscal Year Ended   February 2, 2014     (In thousands)   (Percentage)   (In thousands)   (Percentage) Net revenue increase   $ 206,024   13 %   $ 220,830   16 % Adjustments due to foreign exchange rate changes   35,656   2 %   26,153   2 % Net revenue increase in constant dollars   $ 241,680   15 %   $ 246,983   18 % 28 Table of Contents Constant dollar total comparable sales     Fiscal Year Ended   February 1, 2015   Fiscal Year Ended   February 2, 2014 Total comparable sales   1 %   7 % Adjustments due to foreign exchange rate changes   2 %   2 % Total comparable sales in constant dollars   3 %   9 % Constant dollar comparable store sales     Fiscal Year Ended   February 1, 2015   Fiscal Year Ended   February 2, 2014     (In thousands)   (Percentage)   (In thousands)   (Percentage) Comparable store sales   $ (42,801 )   (3 )%   $ 19,460   2 % Adjustments due to foreign exchange rate changes   23,712   2  %   17,874   2 % Comparable store sales in constant dollars   $ (19,089 )   (1 )%   $ 37,334   4 % Constant dollar changes in direct to consumer net revenue     Fiscal Year Ended   February 1, 2015   Fiscal Year Ended   February 2, 2014     (Percentage) Change in direct to consumer net revenue   22 %   36 % Adjustments due to foreign exchange rate changes   2 %   2 % Change in direct to consumer net revenue in constant dollars   24 %   38 % Tax rate, excluding the tax expense on repatriated foreign earnings      Fiscal Year Ended   February 1, 2015   Fiscal Year Ended   February 2, 2014 Tax rate   37.6  %   29.6 % Tax expense on repatriated foreign earnings   (8.8 )%   — % Tax rate, excluding the tax expense on repatriated foreign earnings   28.8  %   29.6 % Diluted earnings per share, excluding the tax expense on repatriated foreign earnings     Fiscal Year Ended   February 1, 2015   Fiscal Year Ended   February 2, 2014 Diluted earnings per share   $ 1.66   $ 1.91 Tax expense on repatriated foreign earnings   0.23   — Diluted earnings per share, excluding the tax expense on repatriated foreign earnings   $ 1.89   $ 1.91 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our primary sources of liquidity are our current balances of cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and borrowings available under our revolving credit facility. Our primary cash needs are capital expenditures for opening new stores and remodeling existing stores, making information technology system enhancements and funding working capital requirements. Cash and cash equivalents in excess of our needs are held in interest bearing accounts with financial institutions. As of  February 1, 2015 , our working capital (excluding cash and cash equivalents) was  $126.7 million  and our cash and cash equivalents were  $664.5 million . 29 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our net cash flows provided by and used in operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated:     Fiscal Year Ended     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013     (In thousands) Total cash provided by (used in):             Operating activities   $ 314,449   $ 278,339   $ 280,113 Investing activities   (119,733 )   (106,408 )   (93,229 ) Financing activities   (149,077 )   8,907   (5,491 ) Effect of exchange rate changes   (79,809 )   (72,368 )   (651 ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents   $ (34,170 )   $ 108,470   $ 180,742 Operating Activities Operating Activities  consist primarily of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense and the effect of changes in non-cash working capital items, principally accounts payable, inventories, prepaid expenses, income taxes payable, accrued compensation and related expenses, and deferred gift card revenue. In fiscal  2014 , cash provided by operating activities  increased   $36.1 million , to  $314.4 million  compared to cash provided by operating activities of  $278.3 million  in fiscal  2013 . The  increase  was primarily a result of decreased income taxes paid and an increase in accrued compensation and related benefits, partially offset by a decrease in net income. The net increase in items not affecting cash was primarily due to an increase in depreciation related to our increased number of stores. Investing Activities Investing Activities  relate primarily to capital expenditures. Cash used in investing activities  increased   $13.3 million , to  $119.7 million  in fiscal  2014  from  $106.4 million  in fiscal  2013 . Capital expenditures for our corporate-owned stores segment were  $76.9 million  in fiscal  2014  which included  $38.1 million  to open  49  corporate-owned stores and  $60.2 million  in fiscal  2013  which included  $31.3 million  to open  45  corporate-owned stores. The remaining capital expenditures for our corporate-owned stores segment in each period were for ongoing store refurbishment. Capital expenditures for our direct to consumer segment were  $10.0 million  and  $6.0 million  in fiscal  2014  and fiscal  2013 , respectively. Capital expenditures related to corporate activities and administration were  $32.9 million  and  $40.2 million  in fiscal  2014  and fiscal  2013 , respectively. The capital expenditures in each period for corporate activities and administration were for improvements at our head office and other corporate buildings as well as investments in information technology and business systems. Capital expenditures are expected to range between $130 million and $135 million in fiscal  2015 . Financing Activities Financing Activities  consist primarily of cash used to repurchase shares of our common stock, cash received on the exercise of stock options, excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation, taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards, and cash paid to acquire the remaining non-controlling interest in Australia in fiscal 2012. Cash  used  by financing activities  increase d  $158.0 million , to cash  used  of  $149.1 million  in fiscal  2014  from cash  provided  of  $8.9 million  in fiscal  2013 . The primary cause of this increase is our stock repurchase program which began in the second quarter of fiscal  2014 . During fiscal  2014  we repurchased  3.7 million  shares for a total cost of  $147.4 million . We believe that our cash and cash equivalent balances, cash generated from operations, and borrowings available to us under our revolving credit facility will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our cash from operations may be negatively impacted by a decrease in demand for our products as well as the other factors described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors". In addition, we may make discretionary capital improvements with respect to our stores, distribution facilities, headquarters, or other systems, which we would expect to fund through the use of cash, issuance of debt or equity securities or other external financing sources to the extent we were unable to fund such capital expenditures out of our cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations. 30 Table of Contents Revolving Credit Facility On November 22, 2013, we entered into unsecured demand revolving credit facilities with HSBC Bank Canada and Bank of America, N.A., Canada Branch, which replaced our 2007 credit facility. The credit facilities provide us with available borrowings in a total amount of $15.0 million. Borrowings under the credit facilities must be repaid in full on demand and are available by way of U.S. or Canadian denominated advances, letters of credit or depository bills. Advances denominated in U.S. Dollars bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to U.S. LIBOR plus 100 basis points or the U.S. prime rate, at our option. Advances denominated in Canadian Dollars bear interest on the outstanding balance at a rate equal to the CDOR Rate plus 100 basis points or the Canadian prime rate, at our option. Borrowings drawn down under standby letters of credit bear a fee of 100 basis points and borrowings drawn down under commercial letters of credit bear the banks' standard pricing. We are also required to pay a quarterly commitment fee of 10 basis points on the unused portion of the facility. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, lululemon usa inc., has provided a guarantee to the bank counter-parties under the facilities. The revolving credit facilities are unsecured, with a negative pledge on assets subject to permitted encumbrances, and no financial covenants. These facilities were renewed for a one year period in November 2014. As of  February 1, 2015 , aside from letters of credit of  $0.6 million , we had no other borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. Contractual Obligations and Commitments Leases.  We lease certain store and other retail locations, distribution centers, offices, and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Our leases generally have initial terms of between five and 10 years, and generally can be extended only in five-year increments, if at all. Our leases expire at various dates between one and 10 years, excluding extensions at our option. A substantial number of our leases include renewal options and certain of our leases include rent escalation clauses, rent holidays and leasehold rental incentives, none of which are reflected in the table below. Most of our leases for store premises also include contingent rental payments based on sales volume, the impact of which also are not reflected in the table below.  Product purchase obligations.  The amounts listed for product purchase obligations in the table below represent agreements (including open purchase orders) to purchase products in the ordinary course of business that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms. In some cases, prices are subject to change throughout the production process. The reported amounts exclude product purchase liabilities included in accounts payable and accrued inventory liabilities as of  February 1, 2015 . The following table summarizes our contractual arrangements as of  February 1, 2015 , and the timing and effect that such commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods:     Payments Due by Fiscal Year     Total   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   Thereafter     (In thousands) Operating leases (minimum rent)   $ 395,483   $ 82,282   $ 81,697   $ 72,660   $ 57,190   $ 43,625   $ 58,029 Product purchase obligations   $ 189,723   $ 189,723   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ —   $ — Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We enter into standby letters of credit to secure certain of our obligations, including leases, taxes and duties. As of  February 1, 2015 , letters of credit and letters of guarantee totaling  $0.6 million  have been issued. Other than our operating leases and these standby letters of credit, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, investments in special purpose entities or undisclosed borrowings or debt. In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts or synthetic leases. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions. Predicting future events is inherently an imprecise activity and, as such, requires the use of judgment. Actual results may vary from estimates in amounts that may be material to the financial statements. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 31 Table of Contents We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: Revenue Recognition.  Net revenue is recognized net of sales taxes, discounts, and an estimated allowance for sales returns. Sales to customers through corporate-owned stores and other physical locations are recognized at the point of sale, net of an estimated allowance for sales returns. Direct to consumer sales are recognized when goods are shipped and collection is reasonably assured, net of an estimated allowance for sales returns. Other net revenue includes outlet sales, showroom sales, sales to wholesale accounts, warehouse sales, and sales from temporary locations. Revenue is recognized when these sales occur and amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling are recognized at the time of shipment. Our estimated allowance for sales returns is a subjective critical estimate that has a direct impact on reported net revenue. This allowance is calculated based on a history of actual returns, estimated future returns and any significant future known or anticipated events. Consideration of these factors results in an estimated allowance for sales returns. Our standard terms for retail sales limit returns to approximately 14 days after the sale of the merchandise, however we accept returns after 14 days where the product fails to meet our guests' quality expectations. For our wholesale sales, we allow returns from our wholesale accounts if properly requested and approved. Employee discounts are classified as a reduction of net revenue. Revenue from our gift cards is recognized when tendered for payment, or upon redemption. Outstanding customer balances are included in "Unredeemed gift card liability" on the consolidated balance sheets. There are no expiration dates on our gift cards, and we do not charge any service fees that cause a decrement to customer balances. While we will continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment, we may determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain card balances due to, among other things, long periods of inactivity. In these circumstances, to the extent we determine there is no requirement for remitting card balances to government agencies under unclaimed property laws, card balances may be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in net revenue. The amount to be recognized is an estimate, based on historical customer redemption rates. Inventory.  Inventory is valued at the lower of cost and market. We periodically review our inventories and make provisions as necessary to appropriately value obsolete and damaged goods. The amount of the provision is equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demands, selling prices and market conditions. If changes in market conditions result in reductions in the estimated net realizable value of our inventory below our previous estimate, we would increase our reserve in the period in which we made such a determination. In addition, we provide for inventory shrinkage as a percentage of sales, based on historical trends from actual physical inventories. Inventory shrinkage estimates are made to reduce the inventory value for lost or stolen items. We perform physical inventory counts throughout the year and adjust the shrink provision accordingly. In fiscal  2014 , we wrote-off  $12.4 million  of inventory, and in fiscal  2013  we wrote-off  $28.1 million  of inventory, including $17.5 million related to the pull-back of black Luon pants. Property and Equipment.  Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Buildings are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the expected useful life of the asset, which we estimate to be 20 years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the length of the lease and the estimated useful life of the assets, up to a maximum of five years. All other property and equipment is depreciated using the declining balance method as follows:   Furniture and fixtures   20 % Computer hardware and software   30 % Equipment and vehicles   30 % Changes in circumstances (such as technological advances) can result in differences between the actual and estimated useful lives. In those cases where we determine that the useful life of a long-lived asset should be shortened, we increase depreciation expense over the remaining useful life to depreciate the asset’s net book value to its salvage value. Long-Lived Assets.  Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives are evaluated for impairment when the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable as measured by comparing their net book value to the undiscounted estimated future cash flows generated by their use and eventual disposition. Impaired assets are recorded at fair value, determined principally by the present value of the estimated future cash flows expected from their use and eventual disposition.  Income Taxes.  Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance, if based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 32 Table of Contents The recognition of a deferred income tax asset is based upon several assumptions and forecasts, including current and proposed tax legislation, current and anticipated taxable income, utilization of previously unrealized non-operating loss carry forwards and regulatory reviews of tax filings. Given the judgments and estimates required and the sensitivity of the results to the significant assumptions used, we believe the accounting estimates used in relation to the recognition of deferred income tax assets are subject to measurement uncertainty and are susceptible to a material change if the underlying assumptions change. We have not recorded U.S. income tax expense for foreign earnings that we have determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside the United States. We periodically assess the need to utilize these unremitted earnings to finance our foreign operations. This assessment is based on cash flow projections by tax jurisdiction. Such estimates are inherently imprecise since many assumptions utilized in the cash flow projections are subject to revision in the future. The possibility exists that amounts determined to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States may ultimately be repatriated. For instance, the cash needs of our U.S. entities may exceed our current expectations, or the actual cash needs of our foreign entities may be less than our current expectations. This would result in additional income tax expense in the year we determined that amounts were no longer indefinitely reinvested. We file income tax returns in the United States, Canada and various foreign and state jurisdictions. The 2011 to 2013 tax years remain subject to examination by the U.S. federal and state tax authorities. The 2010 tax year is still open for certain state tax authorities. The 2007 to 2013 tax years remain subject to examination by Canadian tax authorities. The 2008 to 2013 tax years remain subject to examination by tax authorities in certain foreign jurisdictions. Our policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as a selling, general and administrative expense. At February 1, 2015, we do not have any significant accruals for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits or tax penalties. Our intercompany transfer pricing policies are currently subject to audits by various foreign tax jurisdictions. Although we believe that our intercompany transfer pricing policies and tax positions are reasonable, the final outcomes of tax audits or potential tax disputes may be materially different from that which is reflected in our income tax provisions and accruals. Goodwill and Intangible Assets.  Intangible assets are recorded at cost. Reacquired franchise rights are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 10 years. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair market value of identifiable net assets acquired and is not amortized. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently when an event or circumstance indicates that goodwill might be impaired. Goodwill impairment testing requires us to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. We generally base our measurement of the fair value on the present value of future cash flows. Our significant estimates in the discounted cash flows model include: the discount rate and long-term rates of growth. We use our best estimates and judgment based on available evidence in conducting the impairment testing.  Stock-Based Compensation.  We account for stock-based compensation using the fair value method. The fair value of the awards is estimated at the date of grant and recognized as employee compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. For awards with service and/or performance conditions, the amount of compensation expense recognized is based on the number of awards that are expected to vest.  The estimation of the number stock awards that will ultimately vest requires judgment, and to the extent actual results differ from our estimates, such amounts will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. We consider several factors when estimating the number of awards which are expected to vest, including, future profit forecasts, types of awards, size of option holder group and anticipated employee retention. Actual results may differ substantially from these estimates.  The calculation of the grant-date fair value of stock options requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions, including, stock price volatility, and the expected life of the options. These assumptions are evaluated and revised, as necessary, to reflect market conditions and the Company's historical experience. The expected term of the options is based upon historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration for expectations of future employee behavior. Expected volatility is based upon the historical volatility of the Company's common stock for the period corresponding with the expected term of the options. In the future, as we gain historical data for volatility in our own stock and the actual term employees hold our options, expected volatility and expected term may change which could substantially change the grant-date fair value of future awards of stock options and, ultimately, the expense we record.  Contingencies . In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in legal proceedings regarding contractual and employment relationships and a variety of other matters. We record contingent liabilities resulting from claims against us, when a loss is assessed to be probable and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. Assessing probability of loss and estimating probable losses requires analysis of multiple factors, including in some cases judgments about the potential actions of third-party claimants and courts.  33 Table of Contents ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk . The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is generally the applicable local currency. Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. Therefore, the net revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries are translated from their functional currencies into U.S. dollars. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar affect the reported amounts of net revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities. Foreign exchange differences which arise on translation of our foreign subsidiaries’ balance sheets into U.S. dollars are recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment in accumulated other comprehensive income within stockholders' equity.  We also have exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates associated with transactions which are undertaken by our subsidiaries in currencies other than their functional currency. Such transactions include intercompany transactions and inventory purchases denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the purchasing entity. As a result, we have been impacted by changes in exchange rates and may be impacted materially for the foreseeable future. The potential impact of currency fluctuation increases as international expansion increases. We currently generate a significant portion of our net revenue and incur a significant portion of our expenses in Canada. The reporting currency for our consolidated financial statements is the U.S. dollar. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar during fiscal  2014  has resulted in: • a reduction in our net revenue upon translation of the sales made by our Canadian operations into U.S. dollars for the purposes of consolidation; • a reduction in our selling, general and administrative expenses incurred by our Canadian operations into U.S. dollars for the purposes of consolidation; and • foreign exchange gains by our Canadian subsidiaries on U.S. dollar cash and receivables denominated in U.S. dollars.  A 10% depreciation in the relative value of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar compared to the exchange rates in effect for fiscal 2014 would have resulted in  lost  income from operations of approximately  $2.2 million  in fiscal  2014 . This assumes a consistent 10% depreciation in the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar throughout the fiscal year. The timing of changes in the relative value of the Canadian dollar combined with the seasonal nature of our business, can affect the magnitude of the impact that fluctuations in foreign exchange rates have on our income from operations. We have not historically hedged foreign currency fluctuations. However, in the future, in an effort to mitigate losses associated with these risks, we may at times enter into derivative financial instruments, although we have not historically done so. We do not, and do not intend to, engage in the practice of trading derivative securities for profit. Interest Rate Risk.  Our revolving credit facilities provide us with available borrowings in amount up to $15.0 million in the aggregate. Because our revolving credit facilities bear interest at a variable rate, we will be exposed to market risks relating to changes in interest rates, if we have a meaningful outstanding balance. As of  February 1, 2015 , aside from letters of credit and guarantees, we had no outstanding balances under our revolving facilities. We currently do not engage in any interest rate hedging activity and currently have no intention to do so in the foreseeable future. However, in the future, if we have a meaningful outstanding balance under our revolving facility, in an effort to mitigate losses associated with these risks, we may at times enter into derivative financial instruments, although we have not historically done so. These may take the form of forward contracts, option contracts, or interest rate swaps. We do not, and do not intend to, engage in the practice of trading derivative securities for profit.  Inflation Inflationary factors such as increases in the cost of our product and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenue if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs. 34 Table of Contents ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA lululemon athletica inc. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS       Consolidated Financial Statements:   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 36 Consolidated Balance Sheets 37 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 38 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 39 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 41 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 42 35 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Directors of  lululemon athletica inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of lululemon athletica inc. and its subsidiaries as of February 1, 2015 and February 2, 2014 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the 52, 52, and 53 week periods ended February 1, 2015, February 2, 2014, and February 3, 2013, respectively. In addition, we have audited the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2). We also have audited lululemon athletica inc.'s and its subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements, the financial statement schedule and the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements and the financial statement schedule are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of lululemon athletica inc. and its subsidiaries as of February 1, 2015 and February 2, 2014 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the 52, 52, and 53 week periods ended February 1, 2015, February 2, 2014, and February 3, 2013, respectively, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also, in our opinion, lululemon athletica inc. and its subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 1, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.  /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Chartered Accountants Vancouver, British Columbia March 25, 2015 36 Table of Contents lululemon athletica inc. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)     February 1,  2015   February 2,  2014 ASSETS         Current assets         Cash and cash equivalents   $ 664,479   $ 698,649 Accounts receivable   13,746   11,903 Inventories   208,116   188,790 Prepaid expenses and other current assets   64,671   46,197     951,012   945,539 Property and equipment, net   296,008   255,603 Goodwill and intangible assets, net   26,163   28,201 Deferred income tax asset   16,018   18,300 Other non-current assets   7,012   4,745     $ 1,296,213   $ 1,252,388 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY         Current liabilities         Accounts payable   $ 9,339   $ 12,647 Accrued inventory liabilities   22,296   15,415 Accrued compensation and related expenses   29,932   19,445 Income taxes payable   20,073   769 Unredeemed gift card liability   46,252   38,343 Other accrued liabilities   31,989   29,595     159,881   116,214 Deferred income tax liability   3,633   3,977 Other non-current liabilities   43,131   35,515     206,645   155,706 Stockholders' equity         Undesignated preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 5,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding   —   — Exchangeable stock, no par value, 60,000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding 9,833 and 29,955   —   — Special voting stock, $0.000005 par value, 60,000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding 9,833 and 29,955   —   — Common stock, $0.005 par value, 400,000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding 132,112 and 115,342   661   577 Additional paid-in capital   241,695   240,351 Retained earnings   1,020,619   923,822 Accumulated other comprehensive loss   (173,407 )   (68,068 )     1,089,568   1,096,682     $ 1,296,213   $ 1,252,388 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 37 Table of Contents lululemon athletica inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)     Fiscal Year Ended     February 1,  2015   February 2,  2014   February 3,  2013 Net revenue   $ 1,797,213   $ 1,591,188   $ 1,370,358 Cost of goods sold   883,033   751,112   607,532 Gross profit   914,180   840,076   762,826 Selling, general and administrative expenses   538,147   448,718   386,387 Income from operations   376,033   391,358   376,439 Other income (expense), net   7,102   5,768   4,957 Income before provision for income taxes   383,135   397,126   381,396 Provision for income taxes   144,102   117,579   109,965 Net income   239,033   279,547   271,431 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest   —   —   875 Net income attributable to lululemon athletica inc.   $ 239,033   $ 279,547   $ 270,556               Other comprehensive (loss) income:             Foreign currency translation adjustment   (105,339 )   (89,158 )   (459 ) Comprehensive income   $ 133,694   $ 190,389   $ 270,097               Basic earnings per share   $ 1.66   $ 1.93   $ 1.88 Diluted earnings per share   $ 1.66   $ 1.91   $ 1.85 Basic weighted-average number of shares outstanding   143,935   144,913   144,000 Diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding   144,298   146,043   145,806 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 38 Table of Contents lululemon athletica inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   (Amounts in thousands)     Exchangeable Stock   Special Voting Stock   Common Stock   Additional Paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Total   Non-Controlling Interest   Total     Shares   Par Value   Shares   Par Value   Shares   Par Value             Balance at January 29, 2012   33,412   $ —   33,412   $ —   110,135   $ 551   $ 205,557   $ 373,719   $ 21,549   $ 601,376   $ 4,805   $ 606,181 Net income attributable to lululemon athletica inc.                               270,556       270,556       270,556 Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   (459 )   (459 )       (459 ) Common stock issued upon exchange of exchangeable shares   (1,347 )   —   (1,347 )   —   1,347   7   (7 )           —       — Stock-based compensation                           15,637           15,637       15,637 Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation                           9,901           9,901       9,901 Restricted share issuance                   16   —   —           —       — Stock options exercised                   873   4   11,010           11,014       11,014 Registration fees associated with shelf registration statement                           (393 )           (393 )       (393 ) Non-controlling interest:                                                 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests                                           875   875 Purchase of remaining non-controlling interests                           (20,333 )           (20,333 )   (5,680 )   (26,013 ) Balance at February 3, 2013   32,065   $ —   32,065   $ —   112,371   $ 562   $ 221,372   $ 644,275   $ 21,090   $ 887,299   $ —   $ 887,299 Net income attributable to lululemon athletica inc.                               279,547       279,547       279,547 Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   (89,158 )   (89,158 )       (89,158 ) Common stock issued upon exchange of exchangeable shares   (2,110 )       (2,110 )   —   2,110   11   (11 )           —       — Stock-based compensation                           10,087           10,087       10,087 Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation                           6,457           6,457       6,457 Restricted share issuance                   58   —   —           —       — Stock options exercised                   686   3   8,168           8,171       8,171 Common stock issued upon settlement of performance-based restricted stock units                   208   1   (1 )           —       — Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards                   (91 )   —   (5,721 )           (5,721 )       (5,721 ) Balance at February 2, 2014   29,955   $ —   29,955   $ —   115,342   $ 577   $ 240,351   $ 923,822   $ (68,068 )   $ 1,096,682   $ —   $ 1,096,682 39 Table of Contents     Exchangeable Stock   Special Voting Stock   Common Stock   Additional Paid-in Capital   Retained Earnings   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)   Total   Non-Controlling Interest   Total     Shares   Par Value   Shares   Par Value   Shares   Par Value             Net income attributable to lululemon athletica inc.                               239,033       239,033       239,033 Foreign currency translation adjustment                                   (105,339 )   (105,339 )       (105,339 ) Common stock issued upon exchange of exchangeable shares   (20,122 )       (20,122 )   —   20,122   101   (101 )           —       — Stock-based compensation                           8,269           8,269       8,269 Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation                           413           413       413 Stock options exercised                   158   1   2,912           2,913       2,913 Restricted share issuance                   34   —   —           —       — Common stock issued upon settlement of performance-based restricted stock units                   217   1   (1 )           —       — Shares withheld related to net share settlement of stock-based compensation                   (104 )   (1 )   (4,971 )           (4,972 )       (4,972 ) Repurchase of common stock                   (3,657 )   (18 )   (5,177 )   (142,236 )       (147,431 )       (147,431 ) Balance at February 1, 2015   9,833   $ —   9,833   $ —   132,112   $ 661   $ 241,695   $ 1,020,619   $ (173,407 )   $ 1,089,568   $ —   $ 1,089,568 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 40 Table of Contents lululemon athletica inc. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Amounts in thousands)     Fiscal Year Ended     February 1,  2015   February 2,  2014   February 3,  2013 Cash flows from operating activities             Net income    $ 239,033   $ 279,547   $ 271,431 Items not affecting cash             Depreciation and amortization    58,364   49,068   43,000 Stock-based compensation    8,269   10,087   15,637 Derecognition of unredeemed gift card liability   (1,468 )   (4,654 )   (1,351 ) Deferred income taxes   2,087   820   (6,445 ) Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation    (413 )   (6,457 )   (9,901 ) Other, including net changes in other non-cash balances             Prepaid tax installments   (15,234 )   3,067   (7,812 ) Other prepaid expenses and other current assets    (8,813 )   (14,408 )   (10,492 ) Inventories    (26,806 )   (38,507 )   (51,222 ) Accounts payable    (2,198 )   11,627   (13,481 ) Accrued inventory liabilities   8,276   6,985   (1,785 ) Other accrued liabilities    3,271   7,837   1,777 Sales tax collected    517   161   (4,232 ) Income taxes payable    19,304   (35,075 )   30,951 Accrued compensation and related expenses    11,561   (6,282 )   4,695 Deferred gift card revenue   11,326   9,306   13,711 Other non-cash balances    7,373   5,217   5,632 Net cash provided by operating activities    314,449   278,339   280,113 Cash flows from investing activities             Purchase of property and equipment    (119,733 )   (106,408 )   (93,229 ) Net cash used in investing activities    (119,733 )   (106,408 )   (93,229 ) Cash flows from financing activities             Proceeds from exercise of stock options    2,913   8,171   11,014 Excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation    413   6,457   9,901 Registration fees associated with shelf registration statement   —   —   (393 ) Purchase of non-controlling interest    —   —   (26,013 ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards    (4,972 )   (5,721 )   — Repurchase of common stock   (147,431 )   —   — Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities    (149,077 )   8,907   (5,491 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash    (79,809 )   (72,368 )   (651 ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents   (34,170 )   108,470   180,742 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period   $ 698,649   $ 590,179   $ 409,437 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period   $ 664,479   $ 698,649   $ 590,179 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 41 Table of Contents lululemon athletica inc. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts and store count information, unless otherwise indicated) 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION Nature of operations lululemon athletica inc., a Delaware corporation ("lululemon" and, together with its subsidiaries unless the context otherwise requires, the "Company") is engaged in the design, manufacture and distribution of healthy lifestyle inspired athletic apparel, which is sold through a chain of corporate-owned and operated retail stores, direct to consumer through e-commerce, showrooms, a network of wholesale accounts, outlets and warehouse sales. The Company's primary markets are the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and Singapore where  211 ,  57 ,  26 ,  five ,  two , and  one  corporate-owned store(s), respectively, were in operation as at  February 1, 2015 . There were  302 ,  254 , and  211  corporate-owned stores in operation as at  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013 , respectively. Basis of presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company during the three-year period ended  February 1, 2015 . The consolidated financial statements have been presented in U.S. dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The Company's fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to January 31 of the following year, typically resulting in a 52 week year, but occasionally giving rise to an additional week, resulting in a 53 week year. Fiscal 2014 and 2013 were 52 week years whereas fiscal 2012 was a 53 week year. Fiscal  2014 ,  2013  and  2012  ended on  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013 , respectively. The Company's business is affected by the pattern of seasonality common to most retail apparel businesses. Historically, the Company has recognized a significant portion of its operating profit in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year as a result of increased sales during the holiday season.  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to fiscal 2014 presentation. 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Principles of consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of lululemon athletica inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. The results of operations of lululemon athletica australia Pty attributable to the non-controlling interest for fiscal 2012 are presented within equity and net income, and are shown separately from the Company's equity and net income attributable to the Company.  Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, bank balances and short-term deposits with original maturities of less than  three months . The Company has not experienced any losses related to these balances, and management believes its credit risk to be minimal. Accounts receivable Accounts receivable primarily arise out of sales to wholesale accounts and landlord lease inducements. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents management's best estimate of probable credit losses in accounts receivable. Receivables are written off against the allowance when management believes that the amount receivable will not be recovered. As at  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014  and  February 3, 2013  the Company recorded an insignificant allowance for doubtful accounts. Inventories Inventories, consisting of finished goods, inventories in transit, and raw materials, are stated at the lower of cost and market value. Cost is determined using weighted-average costs. For finished goods, market is defined as net realizable value,  42 Table of Contents and for raw materials, market is defined as replacement cost. Cost of inventories includes all costs incurred to deliver inventory to the Company's distribution centers including freight, non-refundable taxes, duty and other landing costs. The Company makes provisions as necessary to appropriately value obsolete or damaged goods. The amount of the provision is equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated net realizable value based upon assumptions about future demand, selling prices and market conditions. In addition, the Company provides for inventory shrinkage based on historical trends from actual physical inventory counts. Inventory shrinkage estimates are made to reduce the inventory value for lost or stolen items. The Company performs physical inventory counts and cycle counts throughout the year and adjusts the shrink reserve accordingly. Property and equipment Property and equipment are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Direct internal and external costs related to software used for internal purposes which are incurred during the application development stage or for upgrades that add functionality are capitalized. All other costs related to internal use software are expensed as incurred. Depreciation commences when an asset is ready for its intended use. Buildings are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the expected useful life of the asset, which is estimated to be  20  years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the length of the lease and the estimated useful life of the improvement, to a maximum of  five  years. All other property and equipment are depreciated using the declining balance method as follows: Furniture and fixtures   20 % Computer hardware and software   30 % Equipment and vehicles   30 % Goodwill and intangible assets Intangible assets are recorded at cost. Reacquired franchise rights are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of  10  years. Goodwill represents the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree, and the acquisition-date fair value of the Company's previously held equity interest over the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested annually for impairment or more frequently when an event or circumstance indicates that goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets might be impaired. The Company's operating segment for goodwill is its corporate-owned stores. Impairment of long-lived assets Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, held for use are evaluated for impairment when the occurrence of events or a change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable as measured by comparing their carrying value to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated by their use and eventual disposition. Impaired assets are recorded at fair value, determined principally by discounting the future cash flows expected from their use and eventual disposition. Reductions in asset values resulting from impairment valuations are recognized in income in the period that the impairment is determined.  Leased property and equipment The Company leases stores, distribution centers, and administrative offices. Minimum rental payments, including any fixed escalation of rental payments and rent premiums, are amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease beginning on the possession date. Rental costs incurred during a construction period, prior to store opening, are recognized as rental expense.  Deferred lease inducements, which include leasehold improvements paid for by the landlord and rent free periods, are recorded as liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and recognized as a reduction of rent expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The difference between the recognized rental expense and the total rental payments paid is reflected on the consolidated balance sheet as a deferred lease liability or a prepaid lease asset. Contingent rental payments based on sales volumes are recorded in the period in which the sales occur. 43 Table of Contents The Company recognizes a liability for the fair value of asset retirement obligations ("AROs") when such obligations are incurred. The Company's AROs are primarily associated with leasehold improvements which, at the end of a lease, the Company is contractually obligated to remove in order to comply with the lease agreement. At the inception of a lease with such conditions, the Company records an ARO liability and a corresponding capital asset in an amount equal to the estimated fair value of the obligation. The liability is estimated based on a number of assumptions requiring management's judgment, including store closing costs, cost inflation rates and discount rates, and is accreted to its projected future value over time. The capitalized asset is depreciated using the convention for depreciation of leasehold improvement assets. Upon satisfaction of the ARO conditions, any difference between the recorded ARO liability and the actual retirement costs incurred is recognized as an operating gain or loss in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company recognizes a liability for a cost associated with a lease exit or disposal activity when such obligation is incurred. A lease exit or disposal liability is measured initially at its fair value in the period in which the liability is incurred. The Company estimates fair value at the cease-use date of its operating leases as the remaining lease rentals, reduced by estimated sublease rentals that could be reasonably obtained for the property, even where the Company does not intend to enter into a sublease. Estimating the cost of certain lease exit costs involves subjective assumptions, including the time it would take to sublease the leased location and the related potential sublease income. The estimated accruals for these costs could be significantly affected if future experience differs from that used in the initial estimate.  Deferred revenue Receipts from the sale of gift cards are treated as deferred revenue. Amounts received in respect of gift cards are recorded as unredeemed gift card liability. When gift cards are redeemed for apparel, the Company recognizes the related revenue. Revenue recognition Net revenue is comprised of corporate-owned store net revenue, direct to consumer sales through  www.lululemon.com ,  www.ivivva.com  and other country and region specific websites, and other net revenue, which includes outlet sales, showroom sales, sales to wholesale accounts, warehouse sales, and sales from temporary locations. Sales to customers through corporate-owned retail stores are recognized at the point of sale, net of discounts and an estimated allowance for sales returns. Sales of apparel to customers through the Company's retail internet sites are recognized when goods are shipped, and collection is reasonably assured, net of an estimated allowance for sales returns. Sales of apparel to wholesale accounts are recognized when goods are shipped and collection is reasonably assured. All revenue is reported net of sales taxes collected for various governmental agencies. Revenue from the Company's gift cards is recognized when tendered for payment, or upon redemption. Outstanding customer balances are included in "Unredeemed gift card liability" on the consolidated balance sheets. There are no expiration dates on the Company's gift cards, and lululemon does not charge any service fees that cause a decrement to customer balances. While the Company will continue to honor all gift cards presented for payment, management may determine the likelihood of redemption to be remote for certain card balances due to, among other things, long periods of inactivity. In these circumstances, to the extent management determines there is no requirement for remitting card balances to government agencies under unclaimed property laws, card balances may be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations in net revenue. For the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014  and  February 3, 2013 , net revenue recognized on unredeemed gift card balances was  $1,468 ,  $4,654 , and  $1,351 , respectively. Cost of goods sold Cost of goods sold includes: • the cost of purchased merchandise, which includes acquisition and production costs including raw material and labor, as applicable; • the cost incurred to deliver inventory to the Company's distribution centers including in-bound freight, non-refundable taxes, duty and other landing costs; • the cost of the Company's distribution centers (such as labor, rent and utilities) and the depreciation related to the Company's distribution centers; 44 Table of Contents • the cost of the Company's production, design, distribution and merchandising departments including salaries, stock-based compensation and benefits, and operating expenses; • occupancy costs such as minimum rent, contingent rent where applicable, property taxes, utilities and depreciation expense for the Company's corporate-owned store locations; • hemming; and • shrink and inventory valuation reserves. Selling, general and administrative expenses  Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of all operating costs not otherwise included in cost of goods sold. Our selling, general and administrative expenses include the costs of corporate and store-level wages and benefits, costs to transport our products from our distribution facilities to our sales locations and e-commerce guests, professional fees, marketing, information technology, human resources, accounting, corporate facility and occupancy costs, and depreciation and amortization expense other than in cost of goods sold. For the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014  and  February 3, 2013  the Company incurred transportation costs of  $35,901 ,  $31,296 , and  $23,407  respectively.  Store pre-opening costs Operating costs incurred prior to the opening of new stores are expensed as incurred. Income taxes The Company follows the liability method with respect to accounting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that are expected to be in effect when these differences are anticipated to reverse. Deferred income tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance, if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The evaluation as to the likelihood of realizing the benefit of a deferred income tax asset is based on the timing of scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, taxable income forecasts, and tax-planning strategies. The Company provides for taxes at the rate applicable for the appropriate tax jurisdiction. U.S. income taxes on unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries which the Company has determined to be indefinitely reinvested have not been recognized. Management periodically assesses the need to utilize these unremitted earnings to finance foreign operations. This assessment is based on cash flow projections that are the result of estimates of future production and operational and fiscal objectives by tax jurisdiction for our operations. Such estimates are inherently imprecise since many assumptions utilized in the cash flow projections are subject to revision in the future. Currency translation The functional currency for each entity included in these consolidated financial statements that is domiciled outside of the United States is generally the applicable local currency. Assets and liabilities of each foreign entity are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the balance sheet date. Net revenue and expenses are translated at the average rate in effect during the period. Unrealized translation gains and losses are recorded as a cumulative translation adjustment, which is included in other comprehensive income or loss, which is a component of accumulated other comprehensive income or loss included in stockholders' equity. Foreign currency transactions denominated in a currency other than an entity's functional currency are remeasured into the functional currency with any resulting gains and losses included in income, except for gains and losses arising on intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term investment nature.  The aggregate foreign exchange gains (losses) included in selling, general and administrative expenses amount to  $6,372 ,  $17,314 , and  $(625)  for the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013 , respectively. Fair value of financial instruments The Company's financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other liabilities. Unless otherwise noted, it is management's opinion that the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. All foreign exchange gains or losses are  45 Table of Contents recorded in the consolidated statements of operations under selling, general and administrative expenses. The fair value of these financial instruments approximates their carrying value, unless otherwise noted. Concentration of credit risk The Company is not exposed to significant credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents are held with high quality financial institutions. Accounts receivable are primarily from wholesale accounts and for landlord lease inducements. The Company does not require collateral to support the accounts receivable; however, in certain circumstances, the Company may require parties to provide payment for goods prior to delivery of the goods. The accounts receivable are net of an allowance for doubtful accounts, which is established based on management's assessment of the credit risk of the underlying accounts. Stock-based compensation The Company accounts for stock-based compensation using the fair value method. The fair value of awards granted is estimated at the date of grant and recognized as employee compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period with the offsetting credit to additional paid-in capital. For awards with service and/or performance conditions, the amount of compensation expense recognized is based on the number of awards expected to vest and is adjusted to reflect those awards that do ultimately vest. For awards with performance conditions, the Company recognizes the compensation expense if and when the Company concludes that it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The Company reassesses the probability of achieving the performance condition at each reporting date. The fair value of the restricted shares, performance-based restricted stock units, and restricted stock units is based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the award date. Earnings per share Earnings per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income available to common stockholders for the period by the diluted weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution from common shares issuable through stock options, performance-based restricted stock units that have satisfied their performance factor, and restricted stock units using the treasury stock method. Contingencies In the ordinary course of business, we are involved in legal proceedings regarding contractual and employment relationships and a variety of other matters. We record contingent liabilities resulting from claims against us, when a loss is assessed to be probable and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable.  Use of estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of net revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Recently issued accounting standards In May 2014, the FASB issued ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ("ASC 606"), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605 Revenue Recognition, including most industry-specific revenue recognition guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. This guidance requires that an entity recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services, and expands the related disclosure requirements. This guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of fiscal 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this new guidance may have on its consolidated financial statements. In June 2014, the FASB amended ASC Topic 718,  Compensation - Stock Compensation  ("ASC 718") for share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target can be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. This guidance is effective for public companies for years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after December 15, 2015, and early application is permitted. This guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in its first quarter of fiscal 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this new guidance may have on its consolidated financial statements. 46 Table of Contents 3 INVENTORIES     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014 Finished goods   $ 214,113   $ 196,292 Provision to reduce inventory to market value   (5,997 )   (7,502 )     $ 208,116   $ 188,790 4 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014 Land   $ 60,548   $ 67,903 Buildings   29,099   20,407 Leasehold improvements   176,677   140,748 Furniture and fixtures   55,320   41,400 Computer hardware   35,457   29,497 Computer software   84,854   70,537 Equipment and vehicles   11,908   4,108 Accumulated depreciation   (157,855 )   (118,997 )     $ 296,008   $ 255,603 Included in the cost of computer software are capitalized costs of  $2,620  and  $1,697  at  February 1, 2015  and  February 2, 2014 , respectively, associated with internally developed software. Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was  $57,450 ,  $48,177  and  $41,671  for the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013 , respectively. 5 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014 Goodwill   $ 25,496   $ 25,496 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates   (1,083 )   (217 )     24,413   25,279 Intangibles—reacquired franchise rights   $ 10,150   $ 10,630 Accumulated amortization   (8,264 )   (7,830 ) Changes in foreign currency exchange rates   (136 )   122     1,750   2,922 Total goodwill and intangibles   $ 26,163   $ 28,201 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was  $914 ,  $891 , and  $1,329  for the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013 , respectively. The estimated aggregate future amortization expense is as follows:   Fiscal Year     2015   $ 747 2016   677 2017   254 2018   72 Thereafter   —     $ 1,750 47 Table of Contents The weighted-average remaining useful lives of the reacquired franchise rights was  1.79 years  as at  February 1, 2015  and  2.49 years  as at  February 2, 2014 .  6 OTHER ACCRUED LIABILITIES     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014 Sales tax collected   $ 8,579   $ 8,341 Accrued rent   5,567   5,936 Other   17,843   15,318     $ 31,989   $ 29,595 7 OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014 Deferred lease liability   $ 20,837   $ 17,994 Tenant inducements   22,294   17,521     $ 43,131   $ 35,515 8 LONG-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT FACILITIES In November 2013, the Company canceled the uncommitted senior secured demand revolving credit facility with Royal Bank of Canada that it had entered into in April 2007 and entered into unsecured demand revolving credit facilities with HSBC Bank Canada and Bank of America, N.A., Canada Branch for up to  $15,000  in the aggregate to support the issuance of letters of credit and to fund the working capital requirements of the Company. Borrowings under the uncommitted credit facilities are made on a when-and-as-needed basis at the discretion of the Company. These facilities were renewed for a one year period in November 2014. Borrowings under the credit facility can be made either as (i) U.S. Dollar Loans - U.S. Dollar Loans bear interest a rate equal to U.S. LIBOR plus 100 basis points or U.S. prime rate, at the Company's option; (ii) Letters of Credit - Borrowings drawn down under standby letters of credit issued by the banks bear a fee of 100 basis points; and (iii) CDN Dollar Loans - CDN Dollar Loans bear interest at a rate equal to the CDOR Rate plus 100 basis points or the Canadian Prime Rate, at the Company's option. At  February 1, 2015 , aside from letters of credit and guarantees, there were  no  borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities. At  February 1, 2015 , letters of credit totaling  $566  had been issued under these credit facilities. 9 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Authorized share capital The holders of the special voting stock are entitled to  one  vote for each share held. The special voting shares are not entitled to receive dividends or distributions or receive any consideration in the event of a liquidation, dissolution or wind-up. To the extent that exchangeable shares as described below are exchanged for common stock, a corresponding number of special voting shares will be cancelled without consideration. The holders of the exchangeable shares have dividend and liquidation rights equivalent to those of holders of the common shares of the Company. The exchangeable shares can be converted on a one for one basis by the holder at any time into common shares of the Company plus a cash payment for any accrued and unpaid dividends. Holders of exchangeable shares are entitled to the same or economically equivalent dividend as declared on the common stock of the Company. The exchangeable shares are non-voting. The Company has the right to convert the exchangeable shares into common shares of the Company at any time after the earlier of  July 26, 2047 , the date on which less than  4,188  exchangeable shares are outstanding or in the event of certain events such as a change in control. 48 Table of Contents Purchase of non-controlling interest In August 2012, the Company purchased the non-controlling interest in lululemon athletica Australia Pty Ltd ("lululemon australia") for  $26,013 . The Company previously accounted for its  80 percent  interest in lululemon australia as a subsidiary with non-controlling interest. As a result of the transaction, the carrying amount of  $5,680  of the non-controlling interest was reduced to $ nil . The Company's equity was reduced by  $20,333 , the excess of the purchase price over the net adjustments, as a charge to additional paid in capital. 10 STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION Stock-based compensation plans The Company's employees participate in various stock-based compensation plans which are provided by the Company directly. In June 2014, the Company's stockholders approved the adoption of the lululemon athletica inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan ("2014 Plan"). The 2014 Plan provides for awards in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock purchase rights, restricted share bonuses, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance-based restricted stock units, cash-based awards, other stock-based awards, and deferred compensation awards to employees (including officers and directors who are also employees), consultants, and directors of the Company.  The awards granted under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan ("2007 Plan") remain outstanding and continue to vest under their original conditions. No further awards will be granted under the 2007 Plan. The Company has granted stock options, performance-based restricted stock units, restricted stock units and restricted shares. The majority of stock options granted to date have a  four -year vesting period and vest at a rate of  25%  each year on the anniversary date of the grant and generally expire  seven years  from the date of grant. Performance-based restricted stock units issued generally vest  three  years from the grant date and restricted shares vest  one  year from the grant date. Restricted stock units granted generally have a  three -year vesting period and vest at a certain percentage each year on the anniversary date of the grant. To date,  199  restricted shares have been issued to certain directors of the Company. The Company's policy is to issue shares from treasury upon the exercise of Company options, vesting of performance-based restricted stock units or restricted stock units, and granting of restricted shares. Stock-based compensation expense charged to income for the plans was  $8,269 ,  $10,087  and  $15,637  for the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013 , respectively. Total unrecognized compensation cost for all stock-based compensation plans was  $25,720  as at  February 1, 2015 , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of  2.5 years , and was  $17,065  as at  February 2, 2014  over a weighted-average period of  2.2 years . Employee stock purchase plan The Company's board of directors and stockholders approved the Company's Employee Share Purchase Plan ("ESPP") in September 2007. Contributions are made by eligible employees, subject to certain limits as defined in the ESPP, and the Company matches one-third of the contribution. The maximum number of shares available under the ESPP is  6,000  shares. During the year ended  February 1, 2015 , there were  145  shares purchased under the ESPP in the open market. 49 Table of Contents Company stock options, performance-based restricted stock units, restricted shares and restricted stock units A summary of the Company's stock option, performance-based restricted stock unit, restricted share and restricted stock unit activity as of  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013 , and changes during the years then ended is presented below:       Stock Options   Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units   Restricted Shares   Restricted Stock Units     Number   Weighted-Average Exercise Price   Number   Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value   Number   Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value   Number   Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value Balance at January 29, 2012   2,253   $ 14.77   384   $ 31.90   8   $ 46.10   —   $ — Granted   84   75.52   156   74.46   16   63.97   —   — Exercised/vested   874   12.60   —   —   8   46.10   —   — Forfeited   86   20.43   49   31.81   —   —   —   — Balance at February 3, 2013   1,377   $ 19.51   491   $ 45.47   16   $ 63.97   —   $ — Granted   118   64.86   290   52.41   59   52.35   —   — Exercised/vested   686   11.90   208   21.72   16   63.97   —   — Forfeited   140   41.33   145   59.03   2   64.30   —   — Balance at February 2, 2014   669   $ 30.76   428   $ 57.08   57   $ 51.99   —   $ — Granted   447   48.16   321   49.67   34   39.00   195   45.76 Exercised/vested   158   18.50   217   40.04   29   56.28   —   — Forfeited   79   59.09   80   61.34   —   —   9   45.92 Balance at February 1, 2015   879   $ 39.25   452   $ 59.27   62   $ 42.86   186   $ 45.75 A total of  15,180  of shares of our common stock have been authorized for future issuance under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. The Company's performance-based restricted stock units are awarded to eligible employees and entitle the grantee to receive a maximum of  1.5  shares of common stock per performance-based restricted stock unit if the Company achieves specified performance goals and the grantee remains employed during the vesting period. The fair value of performance-based restricted stock units is based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the award date. Expense for performance-based restricted stock units is recognized when it is probable that the performance goal will be achieved. The fair value of the restricted shares and restricted stock units is based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on the award date. The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at  February 1, 2015 :     Outstanding   Exercisable Range of Exercise Prices   Number of Options   Weighted-Average Exercise Price   Weighted-Average Remaining Life (Years)   Number of Options   Weighted-Average Exercise Price   Weighted-Average Remaining Life (Years) $0.25 – $14.16   176   $ 7.37   2.6   176   $ 7.37   2.6 $14.29 – $39.56   140   25.96   2.9   132   25.27   2.8 $44.20 – $44.20   224   44.20   6.6   —   —   0.0 $45.75 – $52.59   191   52.02   5.9   13   46.97   3.6 $53.44 – $76.49   148   65.65   5.1   55   66.55   4.6     879   $ 39.25   4.8   376   $ 23.73   3.0 Intrinsic value   $ 24,211           $ 16,220         50 Table of Contents As of  February 1, 2015 , the unrecognized compensation cost related to these options was  $8,172 , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of  3.1 years ; and the total aggregate intrinsic value for stock options outstanding and exercisable was  $16,220 . The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013  was  $17.69 ,  $31.96 , and  $37.20 , respectively. The following table summarizes the intrinsic value of options exercised and full value awards vested during fiscal  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 :     Intrinsic Value of Options Exercised and Full Value Awards Vested During the Fiscal Year Ended     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013 Stock Options   $ 4,382   $ 37,591   $ 53,605 Performance-based restricted stock units   10,242   13,057   — Restricted shares   1,567   1,070   474 Restricted stock units   —   —   —     $ 16,191   $ 51,718   $ 54,079 The fair value of each stock option granted is estimated on date of grant using the Black-Scholes model. The assumptions used to calculate the fair value of options granted are evaluated and revised, as necessary, to reflect market conditions and the Company's historical experience. The expected term of the options is based upon historical experience of similar awards, giving consideration for expectations of future employee behavior. Expected volatility is based upon the historical volatility of the Company's common stock for the period corresponding with the expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve for the period corresponding with the expected term of the options. The Company began using its own historical data in fiscal 2014 to determine the assumptions; prior to fiscal 2014, the assumptions were based upon a review of a peer group of publicly traded apparel retailers. The following assumptions were used in calculating the fair value of stock options granted in fiscal  2014 ,  2013 , and  2012 :     Stock Options Granted During the Fiscal Year Ended     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013 Expected term   4.00 years   4.06 years   4.06 years Expected volatility   45.93 %   64.65 %   64.65 % Risk-free interest rate   1.04 %   0.72 %   0.72 % Dividend yield   — %   — %   — % 11 EARNINGS PER SHARE The details of the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share are as follows:       Fiscal Year Ended     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013 Net income attributable to lululemon athletica inc   $ 239,033   $ 279,547   $ 270,556 Basic weighted-average number of shares outstanding   143,935   144,913   144,000 Effect of stock options assumed exercised   363   1,130   1,806 Diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding   144,298   146,043   145,806 Basic earnings per share   $ 1.66   $ 1.93   $ 1.88 Diluted earnings per share   $ 1.66   $ 1.91   $ 1.85 51 Table of Contents The Company's calculation of weighted-average shares includes the common stock of the Company as well as the exchangeable shares. Exchangeable shares are the equivalent of common shares in all material respects. All classes of stock have in effect the same rights and share equally in undistributed net income. For the fiscal years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014  and  February 3, 2013 ,  296 ,  57  and  45  stock options, respectively, were anti-dilutive to earnings and therefore have been excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share. On June 11, 2014, the Company's board of directors approved a program to repurchase shares of the Company's common stock up to an aggregate value of  $450,000 . The common stock is to be repurchased in the open market at prevailing market prices, with the timing and actual number of shares to be repurchased depending upon market conditions and other factors. The repurchases will be made up until June 2016. During the  fiscal year ended February 1, 2015 ,  3,657  shares were repurchased under the program at a total cost of  $147,431 . Subsequent to  February 1, 2015 , and up to  March 23, 2015 , no shares were repurchased. 12 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company has obligations under operating leases for its store and other retail locations, distribution centers, offices, and equipment. As of  February 1, 2015 , the lease terms of the various leases are from  two  to  10 years . A substantial number of the Company's leases include renewal options and certain of the Company's leases include rent escalation clauses, rent holidays and leasehold rental incentives. Certain of the Company's leases for store premises also include contingent rental payments based on sales volume. The Company is required to make deposits for rental payments pursuant to certain lease agreements, which have been included in other non-current assets. Minimum annual basic rent payments excluding other executory operating costs, pursuant to lease agreements are approximately as laid out in the table below. These amounts include commitment in respect of corporate-owned stores that have not yet opened but for which lease agreements have been executed.     Payments Due by Fiscal Year     Total   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   Thereafter Operating leases (minimum rent)   $ 395,483   $ 82,282   $ 81,697   $ 72,660   $ 57,190   $ 43,625   $ 58,029 Rent expense for the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013  was  $105,989 ,  $95,574 , and  $82,428 , respectively, under operating lease agreements, consisting of minimum rental expense of  $68,598 ,  $61,552 , and  $54,050 , respectively, and contingent rental amounts of  $37,391 ,  $34,022 , and  $28,378 , respectively. On January 11, 2015, the Company entered into a license and supply agreement with a license to a partner in the Middle East which grants it the right to operate lululemon athletica branded retail locations in the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, Oman and Bahrain for an initial term of  five years . Under this arrangement the Company will be supplying the partner with lululemon products, training and other support. As at  February 1, 2015  there were  no  franchised retail locations in operation. In addition to the legal matters described below, the Company is, from time to time, involved in routine legal matters incidental to the conduct of its business, including legal matters such as initiation and defense of proceedings to protect intellectual property rights, slip and fall/personal injury claims, product liability claims, and similar matters. The Company believes the ultimate resolution of any such current proceeding will not have a material adverse effect on its continued financial position, results of operations or cash flows. On October 25, 2013, plaintiff Laborers' District Council Industry Pension Fund filed a books-and-records action in the Delaware Court of Chancery entitled  Laborers' District Council Construction Industry Pension Fund v. lululemon athletica inc.,  C.A. No. 9039-VCP (Del. Ch.) under 8 Del. C. Sec. 220 based on a demand letter it sent to the Company on or around August 8, 2013 to request certain lululemon records relating to the March 2013 sheer Luon issue, the Company's announcement that its then CEO, Christine Day, intended to resign, and certain stock trades executed by the then-Chairman of the Company's board of directors, Mr. Wilson, prior to the Company's announcement regarding its former CEO, Christine Day. The Court held a one-day trial on February 19, 2014, which took the form of an oral argument. On April 2, 2014, the Court rejected the majority of books and records sought by plaintiff and ordered the Company to produce a narrow category of documents relating to one trade made by the Company's former Chairman. On June 11, 2014, the Court consolidated this action with the action captioned  Hallandale Beach Police Officers and Firefighters' Personnel Retirement Fund v. lululemon athletica inc. , C.A. No. 8522-VCP (Del. Ch.), which is described below. On June 13, 2014, Plaintiffs filed a Motion to Enforce the Court's April 2, 2014 Telephonic Rulings and Compel in Camera Inspection of Withheld and Redacted Documents. The Court held a hearing on the Motion to Enforce on December 1, 2014 and the judgment on the Motion remains pending. The Company believes there is no merit to the Motion. On August 12, 2013 and August 23, 2013, plaintiffs Thomas Canty and Tammy Federman filed shareholder derivative actions entitled  Canty v. Day, et al. , No. 13-CV-5629 (S.D.N.Y.) and  Federman v. Day, et al. , No. 13-CV-5977 (S.D.N.Y.). Plaintiffs allege that they are acting on behalf of the Company and name as defendants current and former directors and certain  52 Table of Contents officers of the Company. On January 17, 2014, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, operative in both actions. In that amended complaint, plaintiffs challenge certain public disclosures and conduct relating to the March 2013 sheer Luon issue, the June 2013 announcement regarding the resignation of the Company's former CEO, Christine Day, and certain stock trades executed by Mr. Wilson and Ms. Day in the months leading up to that announcement. Plaintiffs allege violations of Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act and breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, and gross mismanagement. On April 9, 2014, the Court dismissed all of plaintiffs' claims due to plaintiffs' failure to make a pre-suit demand. On May 9, 2014, plaintiff in the Canty action filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The Court of Appeals has scheduled an oral argument on the appeal on March 27, 2015. The Company believes there is no merit to the appeal. On July 2, 2013, plaintiff Houssam Alkhoury filed a putative shareholder class action entitled  Alkhoury v. lululemon athletica inc. , et al., No. 13-CV-4596 (S.D.N.Y.) against lululemon, a certain director and a certain officer of the Company (collectively, "Defendants"). On October 1, 2013, the Court appointed Louisiana Sheriffs' Pension & Relief Fund as Lead Plaintiff and on November 1, 2013, Lead Plaintiff filed a consolidated class action complaint on behalf of a proposed class of purchasers of lululemon stock between September 7, 2012 through June 11, 2013 (the "Complaint"). In its Complaint, Lead Plaintiff asserted causes of action under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against Defendants based on certain public disclosures made by the Company relating to lululemon's product quality and the March 2013 sheer Luon issue. On January 15, 2014, Lead Plaintiff filed a consolidated amended class action complaint (the "Amended Complaint") on behalf of a proposed class of purchasers of lululemon stock between September 7, 2012 through January 10, 2014. In its Amended Complaint, Lead Plaintiff added new claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on certain of lululemon's public disclosures related to the Company's ongoing quality control improvements and the impact of those improvements on the Company's financial results. On April 18, 2014, the Court dismissed all of Lead Plaintiff's claims for failure to state a claim. Lead Plaintiff filed a notice of appeal of this decision and filed its appeal brief on August 1, 2014. The Company filed a reply on October 23, 2014, Lead Plaintiff filed a further reply on November 6, 2014, and a hearing has been scheduled for May 8, 2015. The Company believes there is no merit to the appeal. On May 3, 2013, plaintiff Hallandale Beach Police Officers and Firefighters' Personnel Retirement Fund filed a books-and-records action in the Delaware Court of Chancery entitled  Hallandale Beach Police Officers and Firefighters' Personnel Retirement Fund v. lululemon athletica inc. , C.A. No. 8522-VCP (Del. Ch.) under 8 Del. C. Sec. 220 based on a demand letter it sent to the Company on April 17, 2013 to request certain lululemon records relating to the March 2013 sheer Luon issue and revisions to the Company's executive bonus plan. The Company moved to dismiss the complaint on May 28, 2013. On June 14, 2013, plaintiff sent a supplemental demand letter that requested additional records from the Company relating to the Company's announcement that Christine Day intended to resign as the Company's Chief Executive Officer, and certain stock trades executed by the Company's then-Chairman, Mr. Wilson, prior to the Company's announcement regarding Ms. Day. On July 1, 2013, plaintiff filed an amended complaint to incorporate allegations relating to the June 14, 2013 supplemental demand letter. The Company moved to dismiss the amended complaint on August 15, 2013, and in response to this filing, plaintiffs served the Company with a new demand letter and then filed a second amended complaint on November 4, 2013. The Company moved to dismiss the second amended complaint on December 4, 2013 and the Court held argument on the motion on February 5, 2014. On April 2, 2014, the Court rejected the majority of books and records sought by plaintiff and ordered the Company to produce a narrow category of documents relating to one trade made by the Company's former Chairman. On June 11, 2014 the Court consolidated this action with the action captioned  Laborers' District Council Construction Industry Pension Fund v. lululemon athletica inc.,  C.A. No. 9039-VCP (Del. Ch.) which is described above. On June 13, 2014 Plaintiffs filed a Motion to Enforce the Court's April 2, 2014 Telephonic Rulings and Compel in Camera Inspection of Withheld and Redacted Documents. The Court held a hearing on the Motion to Enforce on December 1, 2014 and the judgment on the Motion remains pending. The Company believes there is no merit to the Motion. The Company has indemnification agreements with certain of its current and former officers and directors that may require it, among other things, to indemnify such current or former officers and directors against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as directors or officers and to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. The Company is unable at this time to predict the amount of its legal expenses associated with these proceedings and any settlement or damages associated with these matters. In the event that the Company is unsuccessful in its defense, or if the Company pursues settlement with regard to any of these actions, the Company could be required to pay significant final settlement amounts and/or judgments that exceed the limits of its insurance policies or the carriers may decline to fund such final settlements and/or judgments, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and liquidity. Regardless of whether any of the claims asserted against the Company in these actions are valid, or whether the Company is ultimately held liable, such litigation may be expensive to defend and may divert resources away from the Company's operations and negatively impact earnings. Further, the Company may not be able to obtain adequate insurance to protect it from these types of litigation matters or extraordinary business losses. 53 Table of Contents 13 RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS The Company entered into the following transactions with related parties, all of which were approved by the Company's Audit Committee in accordance with the Company’s related party transaction policy:       February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013 Payments to related parties             Occupancy costs for one corporate-owned store   $ 140   $ 150   $ 151 Consulting fees   $ 289   $ 409   $ 295 The Company's founder, who was member of the Company's board of directors up until February 2, 2015, owns a retail space that the Company leases for  one  of its corporate-owned stores. Consulting fees were paid to a relative of the Company's founder. 14 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION February 1, 2015 February 2, 2014 February 3, 2013 Cash paid for income taxes $ 146,376 $ 155,394 $ 71,342 Interest paid $ 14 $ 117 $ 206 15 INCOME TAXES The Company files income tax returns in the U.S., Canada and various foreign, state and provincial jurisdictions. The  2011 to 2013 tax years remain subject to examination by the U.S. federal and state tax authorities. The 2010 tax year is still open for certain state tax authorities. The 2007 to 2013 tax years remain subject to examination by Canadian tax authorities. The 2008 to 2013 tax years remain subject to examination by tax authorities in certain foreign jurisdictions.  The Company's policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as part of other income (expense), net. At  February 1, 2015 , the Company does not have any significant accruals for interest related to unrecognized tax benefits or tax penalties. The Company's intercompany transfer pricing policies are currently subject to audits by the various foreign tax jurisdictions. Although the Company believes that its intercompany transfer pricing policies and tax positions are fully supportable, the final determination of tax audits or potential tax disputes may be different from that which is reflected in the Company's income tax provisions and accruals. The provision for income taxes consists of the following:   February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013 Federal income tax at statutory rate 35.0  %   35.0  %   35.0  % Non-deductible compensation expense 0.3   0.5   0.8 U.S. state taxes 1.2   1.2   1.2 Foreign tax rate differential (6.8 )   (7.1 )   (7.7 ) Tax on repatriated foreign earnings   8.8   —   — Permanent and other (0.9 )   —   (0.5 ) Provision for income taxes 37.6  %   29.6  %   28.8  % The provision for income taxes in fiscal  2014  includes a tax expense of  $33.7 million  to provide for U.S. income and applicable foreign withholding taxes on dividends of  $473.7 million  which were distributed during fiscal  2014  by foreign subsidiaries to the U.S. parent entity to fund the share repurchase program.  54 Table of Contents The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability at  February 1, 2015  and  February 2, 2014  are presented below:  February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014 Deferred income tax asset       Net operating loss carryforward $ 8,803   $ 5,097 Foreign tax credits —   4,585 Property and equipment (15,850 )   (12,447 ) Deferred lease liability 6,977   6,284 Stock-based compensation 4,662   3,758 Inventory 3,058   4,681 Tenant inducements 6,965   5,841 Other 1,403   501   16,018   18,300 Deferred income tax liability         Property and equipment   (5,027 )   (5,122 ) Other   1,394   1,145     (3,633 )   (3,977 ) Net deferred income tax asset   $ 12,385   $ 14,323 The Company's current and deferred taxes from federal, state and foreign sources were as follows:   February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013 Income before provision for income taxes           Domestic $ 94,234   $ 81,688   $ 63,426 Foreign 288,901   315,438   317,970 Income before provision for income taxes 383,135   397,126   381,396 Current taxes           Federal $ 54,172   $ 27,818   $ 22,598 State 8,203   4,017   3,795 Foreign 80,461   84,924   90,017 Total current 142,836   116,759   116,410 Deferred taxes           Federal $ 7,763   $ 266   $ (5,667 ) State 77   38   (786 ) Foreign (6,574 )   516   8 Total deferred 1,266   820   (6,445 ) Provision for income taxes $ 144,102   $ 117,579   $ 109,965 U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes have not been provided on approximately  $471,322  of cumulative undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries at  February 1, 2015 . The Company intends to reinvest these earnings for the foreseeable future. U.S. income taxes of approximately  $44,148  would be incurred if these earnings were distributed. 55 Table of Contents 16 SEGMENTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION The Company applies ASC Topic 280,  Segment Reporting  ("ASC 280"), in determining reportable segments for its financial statement disclosure. The Company reports segments based on the financial information it uses in managing its business. The Company's reportable segments are comprised of corporate-owned stores and direct to consumer. Direct to consumer represents sales from the Company's e-commerce websites. Outlet sales, showroom sales, sales to wholesale accounts, warehouse sales, and sales from temporary locations have been combined into the other segment. The Company has reviewed the classification of its expenses amongst its reportable segments and has updated the classification of some of these expenses. Accordingly, all prior year comparable information has been reclassified to conform to the current year classification. Information for these segments is detailed in the table below:     Fiscal Year Ended     February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013 Net revenue             Corporate-owned stores   $ 1,348,225   $ 1,228,999   $ 1,090,181 Direct to consumer   321,180   263,083   197,255 Other   127,808   99,106   82,922     $ 1,797,213   $ 1,591,188   $ 1,370,358 Income from operations before general corporate expense             Corporate-owned stores   $ 356,589   $ 372,267   $ 373,607 Direct to consumer   132,877   109,999   85,128 Other   9,499   13,994   19,787     498,965   496,260   478,522 General corporate expense   122,932   104,902   102,083 Income from operations   376,033   391,358   376,439 Other income (expense), net   7,102   5,768   4,957 Income before provision for income taxes   $ 383,135   $ 397,126   $ 381,396               Capital expenditures             Corporate-owned stores   $ 76,894   $ 60,233   $ 64,863 Direct to consumer   9,952   5,953   4,881 Corporate   32,887   40,222   23,485     $ 119,733   $ 106,408   $ 93,229 Depreciation and amortization             Corporate-owned stores   $ 37,951   $ 31,349   $ 28,874 Direct to consumer   6,299   4,599   3,393 Corporate   14,114   13,120   10,733     $ 58,364   $ 49,068   $ 43,000 Intercompany amounts are excluded from the above table as they are not included in the materials reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker. The Company operates in  five  geographic areas—Canada, the United States, Australia and New Zealand, Europe, and Asia. Net revenue from these regions for the years ended  February 1, 2015 ,  February 2, 2014 , and  February 3, 2013  was as follows:       February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014   February 3, 2013 United States   $ 1,257,351   $ 1,052,148   $ 839,908 Canada   434,328   454,209   461,586 Outside of North America   105,534   84,831   68,864     $ 1,797,213   $ 1,591,188   $ 1,370,358 56 Table of Contents Long-lived assets by geographic area for the years ended  February 1, 2015  and  February 2, 2014  were as follows:       February 1, 2015   February 2, 2014 United States   $ 133,222   $ 97,288 Canada   144,689   145,416 Outside of North America   18,097   12,899     $ 296,008   $ 255,603 The Company's intangible assets and goodwill relate to the reporting segment consisting of corporate-owned stores. 17 QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) The following tables present the Company's unaudited quarterly results of operations and comprehensive income for each of the eight fiscal quarters in the periods ended  February 1, 2015  and  February 2, 2014 . The following tables should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The Company has prepared the information below on a basis consistent with its audited consolidated financial statements and has included all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, which, in the opinion of the Company's management, are necessary to fairly present its operating results for the quarters presented. The Company's historical unaudited quarterly results of operations are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarter or for a full year.   Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2013   Fourth Quarter   Third Quarter   Second Quarter First Quarter Fourth Quarter   Third Quarter   Second Quarter   First Quarter   (Unaudited; Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) Consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income:       Net revenue $ 602,491   $ 419,396   $ 390,708   $ 384,618 $ 520,993   $ 379,900   $ 344,513   $ 345,782 Cost of goods sold 292,450   208,308   193,401   188,874 242,203   175,294   158,558   175,057 Gross profit 310,041   211,088   197,307   195,744 278,790   204,606   185,955   170,725 Selling, general and administrative expenses 152,853   129,932   129,419   125,943 124,643   112,270   106,969   104,836 Income from operations 157,188   81,156   67,888   69,801 154,147   92,336   78,986   65,889 Other income (expense), net 1,755   1,814   1,890   1,643 1,519   1,453   1,295   1,501 Income before provision for income taxes 158,943   82,970   69,778   71,444 155,666   93,789   80,281   67,390 Provision for income taxes 48,090   22,519   21,030   52,463 45,974   27,678   23,816   20,111 Net income $ 110,853   $ 60,451   $ 48,748   $ 18,981 $ 109,692   $ 66,111   $ 56,465   $ 47,279                                   Other comprehensive (loss) income:                                 Foreign currency translation adjustment (92,137 )   (29,256 )   3,664 12,390 (53,657 )   (9,153 )   (21,901 )   (4,447 ) Comprehensive income $ 18,716   $ 31,195   $ 52,412   $ 31,371 $ 56,035   $ 56,958   $ 34,564   $ 42,832                                   Basic earnings per share $ 0.78   $ 0.42   $ 0.34   $ 0.13 $ 0.75   $ 0.46   $ 0.39   $ 0.33 Diluted earnings per share $ 0.78   $ 0.42   $ 0.33   $ 0.13 $ 0.75   $ 0.45   $ 0.39   $ 0.32 The Company's quarterly results of operations have varied in the past and are likely to do so again in the future. As such, the Company believes that comparisons of its quarterly results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of the Company's future performance. 57 Table of Contents ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this report, or the Evaluation Date. Based upon the evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the Evaluation Date. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to reasonably ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Inherent Limitations Over Internal Controls Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurances regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource limitations on all control systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of  February 1, 2015 . The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of  February 1, 2015  has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report in Item 8 of Part II of this Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended  February 1, 2015 , which were identified in connection with management’s evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  58 Table of Contents PART III   ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this item concerning our directors, director nominees and Section 16 beneficial ownership reporting compliance is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement for our  2015  Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions "Election of Directors," "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance," "Executive Officers" and "Corporate Governance." We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics, which applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website,  www.lululemon.com , and can be obtained by writing to Investor Relations, lululemon athletica inc., 1818 Cornwall Avenue, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6J 1C7 or by sending an email to investors@lululemon.com. The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any amendments, other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics or waivers from the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer will be disclosed on our website within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver. ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our  2015  Proxy Statement under the captions "Executive Compensation" and "Executive Compensation Tables." ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our  2015  Proxy Statement under the caption "Principal Stockholders and Stock Ownership by Management."  Equity Compensation Plan Information (as of  February 1, 2015 )   Plan Category Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) (A)   Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (2) (B)   Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (A)) (3) (C) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 1,516,818 $ 39.25 20,458,987 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders — — — Total 1,516,818 $ 39.25 20,458,987 __________ (1) This amount represents the following: (a)  879,282  shares subject to outstanding options, (b)  451,503  shares subject to outstanding performance-based restricted stock units, and (c)  186,033  shares subject to outstanding restricted stock units. The options, performance-based restricted stock units and restricted stock units are all under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. Restricted shares outstanding under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan have already been reflected in our total outstanding common stock balance. (2)   The weighted-average exercise price is calculated solely on the exercise prices of the outstanding options and does not reflect the shares that will be issued upon the vesting of outstanding awards of performance-based restricted stock units and restricted stock units, which have no exercise price. (3)   This includes (a)  15,180,132  shares of our common stock available for future issuance pursuant to our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and (b)  5,278,855  shares of our common stock available for future issuance pursuant to our Employee Share Purchase Plan. The number of shares remaining available for future issuance under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan is reduced by 1.7 shares for each award other than stock options granted and by one share for each stock option award granted. Outstanding awards that expire or are canceled without having been exercised or settled in full are available for issuance again under our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and shares that are withheld in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations for full value awards are also again available for issuance. No further awards may be issued under the predecessor plan, our 2007 Equity Incentive Plan. 59 Table of Contents ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our  2015  Proxy Statement under the captions "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions" and "Corporate Governance." ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our  2015  Proxy Statement under the caption "Fees for Professional Services." 60 Table of Contents PART IV   ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 1.  Financial Statements.  The financial statements as set forth under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated herein. 2.  Financial Statement Schedule. Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Description Balance at Beginning of Year Charged to Costs and Expenses Write-offs Net of Recoveries Balance at End of Year   (In thousands) Shrink Provision on Finished Goods For the year ended February 3, 2013 $ (1,126 )   $ (2,823 )   $ 2,949   $ (1,000 ) For the year ended February 2, 2014 (1,000 )   (3,462 )   3,364   (1,098 ) For the year ended February 1, 2015 (1,098 )   (3,564 )   3,338   (1,324 ) Slow Moving and Obsolescence Provision on Finished Goods and Raw Materials   For the year ended February 3, 2013 $ (1,086 )   $ (6,901 )   $ 2,737   $ (5,250 ) For the year ended February 2, 2014 (5,250 )   (22,449 )   22,206   (5,493 ) For the year ended February 1, 2015 (5,493 )   (2,566 )   4,454   (3,605 ) Damage Provision on Finished Goods   For the year ended February 3, 2013 $ (283 )   $ (3,727 )   $ 3,491   $ (519 ) For the year ended February 2, 2014 (519 )   (6,327 )   5,935   (911 ) For the year ended February 1, 2015 (911 )   (8,064 )   7,907   (1,068 ) Sales Allowances   For the year ended February 3, 2013 $ 914   $ 914   $ —   $ 1,828 For the year ended February 2, 2014 1,828   (173 )   —   1,655 For the year ended February 1, 2015 1,655   672   —   2,327 Valuation Allowance on Deferred Income Taxes   For the year ended February 3, 2013 $ (91 )   $ —   $ —   $ (91 ) For the year ended February 2, 2014 (91 )   —   —   (91 ) For the year ended February 1, 2015 (91 )   —   —   (91 ) 61 Table of Contents 3.  Exhibits Exhibit Index               Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No.   Exhibit Title   Filed Herewith   Form   Exhibit No.   File No.   Filing Date                           3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of lululemon athletica inc. 8-K 3.1 001-33608 8/8/2007                           3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of lululemon athletica inc. 8-K 3.1 001-33608 7/1/2011                           3.3 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of lululemon athletica inc. 8-K 3.1 001-33608 9/11/2014                           4.1 Form of Specimen Stock Certificate of lululemon athletica inc. S-1/A 4.1 001-33608 7/9/2007                           10.1* lululemon athletica inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 8-K 10.1 001-33608 6/13/2014                           10.2* Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (standard) 8-K 10.1 001-33608 12/11/2014                           10.3* Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (for outside directors) 10-Q 10.2 001-33608 12/6/2012                           10.4* Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (with clawback provision) 8-K 10.2 001-33608 12/11/2014                           10.5*   Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (for international employees)     8-K   10.3   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.6*   Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares and Performance Shares Agreement (standard)     8-K   10.4   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.7* Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares and Performance Shares Agreement (with clawback provision) 8-K 10.5 001-33608 12/11/2014                           10.8*   Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares and Performance Shares Agreement (for international employees)     8-K   10.6   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.9*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (standard)     8-K   10.7   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.10*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (with clawback provision)   X                                   10.11*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (for international employees)     8-K   10.8   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.12*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (no tolling of vesting, standard)     8-K   10.9   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.13*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (no tolling of vesting, with clawback provision)     8-K   10.10   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.14*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (no tolling of vesting, for international employees)     8-K   10.11   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.15* Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 8-K 10.12 001-33608 12/11/2014                           62 Table of Contents             Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No.   Exhibit Title   Filed Herewith   Form   Exhibit No.   File No.   Filing Date 10.16* Amended and Restated LIPO Investments (USA), Inc. Option Plan and form of Award Agreement S-1 10.3 333-142477 5/1/2007                           10.17 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated December 12, 2012 between lululemon athletica inc. and the parties named therein 8-K 10.14 001-33608 12/18/2012                           10.18 Exchange Trust Agreement dated July 26, 2007 between lululemon athletica inc., Lulu Canadian Holding, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company of Canada 10-Q 10.5 001-33608 9/10/2007                           10.19 Exchangeable Share Support Agreement dated July 26, 2007 between lululemon athletica inc., Lululemon Callco ULC and Lulu Canadian Holding, Inc. 10-Q 10.6 001-33608 9/10/2007                           10.20 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust for Forfeitable Exchangeable Shares dated July 26, 2007, by and among the parties named therein 10-Q 10.7 001-33608 9/10/2007                           10.21 Amended and Restated Arrangement Agreement dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among the parties named therein (including Plan of Arrangement and Exchangeable Share Provisions) S-1/A 10.14 333-142477 7/9/2007                           10.22 Form of Indemnification Agreement between lululemon athletica inc. and its directors and certain officers S-1/A 10.16 333-142477 7/9/2007                           10.23 Purchase and Sale Agreement between 2725312 Canada Inc and lululemon athletica inc., dated December 22, 2010 10-K 10.12 001-33608 3/17/2011                           10.24* Outside Director Compensation Plan X                           10.25* lululemon athletica inc. Employee Share Purchase Plan 10-Q 10.3 001-33608 11/29/2007                           10.26* Executive Bonus Plan of lululemon athletica inc. 8-K 10.1 001-33608 3/19/2013                           10.27* Executive Employment Agreement, dated effective as of December 1, 2013 between lululemon athletica inc. and Laurent Potdevin 8-K 10.1 001-33608 12/11/2013                           10.28* Amended Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of October 29, 2012 between lululemon athletica canada inc. and John E. Currie 10-K 10.20 001-33608 3/21/2013                           10.29*   Executive Employment Agreement with Stuart C. Haselden, dated effective as of January 2, 2015     8-K   10.1   001-33608   1/7/2015                           10.30* Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of October 15, 2013 between lululemon athletica inc. and Tara Poseley 10-Q 10.1 001-33608 12/12/2013                           10.31* Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of March 24, 2010 between lululemon athletica canada inc. and Delaney Schweitzer 10-K 10.23 001-33608 3/25/2010                           10.32*   Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of November 24, 2014 between lululemon athletica inc. and Scott (Duke) Stump     10-Q   10.13   001-33608   12/11/2014                           21.1 Subsidiaries of lululemon athletica inc. X                           23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP X                           63 Table of Contents             Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No.   Exhibit Title   Filed Herewith   Form   Exhibit No.   File No.   Filing Date 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X                           31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X                           32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                           101 The following financial statements from the Company's 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2015, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements X * Denotes a compensatory plan, contract or arrangement, in which our directors or executive officers may participate. ** Furnished herewith. 64 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.   LULULEMON ATHLETICA INC.         By:   /s/    LAURENT POTDEVIN       Laurent Potdevin       Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Laurent Potdevin and Stuart C. Haselden and each of them, with full power of substitution and resubstitution and full power to act without the other, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent to act in his or her name, place and stead and to execute in the name and on behalf of each person, individually and in each capacity stated below, and to file, any and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing, ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:   Signature Title Date /s/    LAURENT POTDEVIN Director and Chief Executive Officer March 25, 2015 Laurent Potdevin (Principal Executive Officer)     /s/    STUART C. HASELDEN Chief Financial Officer (Principal March 25, 2015 Stuart C. Haselden Financial and Accounting Officer)     /s/    MICHAEL CASEY Director, Co-Chairman of the Board March 25, 2015 Michael Casey     /s/    DAVID M. MUSSAFER   Director, Co-Chairman of the Board   March 25, 2015 David M. Mussafer                   Director   Robert Bensoussan     /s/    STEVEN J. COLLINS   Director   March 25, 2015 Steven J. Collins                   /s/    ROANN COSTIN Director March 25, 2015 RoAnn Costin     /s/    WILLIAM H. GLENN Director March 25, 2015 William H. Glenn     /s/    MARTHA A.M. MORFITT Director March 25, 2015 Martha A.M. Morfitt     /s/    RHODA M. PITCHER Director March 25, 2015 Rhoda M. Pitcher     /s/    THOMAS G. STEMBERG Director March 25, 2015 Thomas G. Stemberg     /s/    EMILY WHITE Director March 25, 2015 Emily White 65 Table of Contents Exhibit Index               Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No.   Exhibit Title   Filed Herewith   Form   Exhibit No.   File No.   Filing Date                           3.1   Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of lululemon athletica inc.     8-K   3.1   001-33608   8/8/2007                           3.2   Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of lululemon athletica inc.     8-K   3.1   001-33608   7/1/2011                           3.3   Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of lululemon athletica inc.     8-K   3.1   001-33608   9/11/2014                           4.1   Form of Specimen Stock Certificate of lululemon athletica inc.     S-1/A   4.1   001-33608   7/9/2007                           10.1*   lululemon athletica inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan     8-K   10.1   001-33608   6/13/2014                           10.2*   Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (standard)     8-K   10.1   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.3*   Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (for outside directors)     10-Q   10.2   001-33608   12/6/2012                           10.4*   Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (with clawback provision)     8-K   10.2   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.5*   Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (for international employees)     8-K   10.3   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.6*   Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares and Performance Shares Agreement (standard)     8-K   10.4   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.7*   Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares and Performance Shares Agreement (with clawback provision)     8-K   10.5   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.8*   Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares and Performance Shares Agreement (for international employees)     8-K   10.6   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.9*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (standard)     8-K   10.7   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.10*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (with clawback provision)   X                                   10.11*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (for international employees)     8-K   10.8   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.12*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (no tolling of vesting, standard)     8-K   10.9   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.13*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (no tolling of vesting, with clawback provision)     8-K   10.10   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.14*   Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock Units Agreement (no tolling of vesting, for international employees)     8-K   10.11   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.15*   Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement     8-K   10.12   001-33608   12/11/2014                           10.16*   Amended and Restated LIPO Investments (USA), Inc. Option Plan and form of Award Agreement     S-1   10.3   333-142477   5/1/2007                           66 Table of Contents             Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No.   Exhibit Title   Filed Herewith   Form   Exhibit No.   File No.   Filing Date 10.17   Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated December 12, 2012 between lululemon athletica inc. and the parties named therein     8-K   10.14   001-33608   12/18/2012                           10.18   Exchange Trust Agreement dated July 26, 2007 between lululemon athletica inc., Lulu Canadian Holding, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company of Canada     10-Q   10.5   001-33608   9/10/2007                           10.19   Exchangeable Share Support Agreement dated July 26, 2007 between lululemon athletica inc., Lululemon Callco ULC and Lulu Canadian Holding, Inc.     10-Q   10.6   001-33608   9/10/2007                           10.20   Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust for Forfeitable Exchangeable Shares dated July 26, 2007, by and among the parties named therein     10-Q   10.7   001-33608   9/10/2007                           10.21   Amended and Restated Arrangement Agreement dated as of June 18, 2007, by and among the parties named therein (including Plan of Arrangement and Exchangeable Share Provisions)     S-1/A   10.14   333-142477   7/9/2007                           10.22   Form of Indemnification Agreement between lululemon athletica inc. and its directors and certain officers     S-1/A   10.16   333-142477   7/9/2007 10.23   Purchase and Sale Agreement between 2725312 Canada Inc and lululemon athletica inc., dated December 22, 2010     10-K   10.12   001-33608   3/17/2011                           10.24*   Outside Director Compensation Plan   X                                   10.25*   lululemon athletica inc. Employee Share Purchase Plan     10-Q   10.3   001-33608   11/29/2007                           10.26*   Executive Bonus Plan of lululemon athletica inc.     8-K   10.1   001-33608   3/19/2013                           10.27*   Executive Employment Agreement, dated effective as of December 1, 2013 between lululemon athletica inc. and Laurent Potdevin     8-K   10.1   001-33608   12/11/2013                           10.28*   Amended Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of October 29, 2012 between lululemon athletica canada inc. and John E. Currie     10-K   10.20   001-33608   3/21/2013                           10.29*   Executive Employment Agreement with Stuart C. Haselden, dated effective as of January 2, 2015     8-K   10.1   001-33608   1/7/2015                           10.30*   Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of October 15, 2013 between lululemon athletica inc. and Tara Poseley     10-Q   10.1   001-33608   12/12/2013                           10.31*   Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of March 24, 2010 between lululemon athletica canada inc. and Delaney Schweitzer     10-K   10.23   001-33608   3/25/2010                           10.32*   Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of November 24, 2014 between lululemon athletica inc. and Scott (Duke) Stump     10-Q   10.13   001-33608   12/11/2014                           21.1   Subsidiaries of lululemon athletica inc.   X                                   23.1   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP   X                                   31.1   Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   X                                   67 Table of Contents             Incorporated by Reference Exhibit No.   Exhibit Title   Filed Herewith   Form   Exhibit No.   File No.   Filing Date 31.2   Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   X                                   32.1**   Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002                                     101   The following financial statements from the Company's 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2015, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   X         * Denotes a compensatory plan, contract or arrangement, in which our directors or executive officers may participate. ** Furnished herewith. 68 	 
 
 
 
