
 10-K
 1
 d126742d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K
   (Mark One)  
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015  
  OR  
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from
                     to                     
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Commission File Number 
    
 Exact name of registrants as specified in their charters 
    
   I.R.S. Employer   Identification Number 
 
 001-08489 
    
 DOMINION RESOURCES, INC. 
    
 54-1229715 
 
 000-55337 
    
 VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 
    
 54-0418825 
 
 001-37591 
    
 DOMINION GAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
    
 46-3639580 
 
 
    
   VIRGINIA   (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    
 
 
 
    
   120 TREDEGAR STREET   RICHMOND, VIRGINIA   (Address of principal executive
offices) 
    
   23219   (Zip Code) 
 
   
    
   (804) 819-2000   (Registrants’ telephone number) 
    
   
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Registrant 
   
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Name of Each Exchange 
 on Which Registered 


 
 DOMINION RESOURCES, INC. 
   
 Common Stock, no par value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 
   
 2013 Series A 6.125% Corporate Units 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 
   
 2013 Series B 6% Corporate Units 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 
   
 2014 Series A 6.375% Corporate Units 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 DOMINION GAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
   
 2014 Series C 4.6% Senior Notes 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY    Common Stock, no par value    DOMINION GAS HOLDINGS, LLC  
 Limited Liability Company Membership Interests      
     Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Dominion
Resources, Inc.    Yes   x     No   ¨         Virginia
Electric and Power
Company    Yes   x     No   ¨         Dominion Gas
Holdings, LLC    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
   Dominion Resources,
Inc.    Yes   ¨     No   x         Virginia Electric and
Power Company    Yes   ¨     No   x         Dominion Gas
Holdings, LLC    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  
 Dominion Resources,
Inc.    Yes   x     No   ¨     Virginia Electric and Power
Company    Yes   x     No   ¨     Dominion Gas Holdings,
LLC    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).
   Dominion Resources,
Inc.    Yes   x     No   ¨         Virginia Electric and
Power Company    Yes   x     No   ¨         Dominion Gas
Holdings, LLC    Yes   x     No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form  10-K  or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.    Dominion Resources,
Inc.     x             Virginia Electric and Power
Company     x             Dominion Gas Holdings,
LLC     x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.    Dominion Resources, Inc.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer   x 
   
 Accelerated filer   ¨ 
   
 Non-accelerated filer   ¨      
   
 Smaller reporting company   ¨ 
   Virginia Electric and Power Company  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer   ¨ 
   
 Accelerated filer   ¨ 
   
 Non-accelerated filer   x      
   
 Smaller reporting company   ¨ 
   Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer   ¨ 
   
 Accelerated filer   ¨ 
   
 Non-accelerated filer   x      
   
 Smaller reporting company   ¨ 
 
 
   
 
   
   (Do not check if a smaller   reporting company) 
   
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act).
   Dominion Resources,
Inc.    Yes   ¨     No   x         Virginia Electric and
Power Company    Yes   ¨     No   x         Dominion Gas
Holdings, LLC    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 The aggregate market value of Dominion Resources, Inc. common stock held by non-affiliates of Dominion was approximately $39.6 billion
based on the closing price of Dominion’s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last day of Dominion’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Dominion is the sole holder of Virginia Electric and Power
Company common stock. As of January 31, 2016, Dominion had 596,419,295 shares of common stock outstanding and Virginia Power had 274,723 shares of common stock outstanding. Dominion Resources, Inc. holds all of the membership interests of
Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC.    DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.  
 Portions of Dominion’s 2016 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III.  
 This combined Form 10-K represents separate filings by Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company and Dominion Gas Holdings,
LLC. Information contained herein relating to an individual registrant is filed by that registrant on its own behalf. Virginia Electric and Power Company and Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC make no representations as to the information relating
to Dominion Resources, Inc.’s other operations.    VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY AND DOMINION GAS HOLDINGS, LLC MEET THE
CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION I(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-K AND ARE FILING THIS FORM 10-K UNDER THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT.      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and  
 Power Company and Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC      
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Item   Number 
    
   
    
   
   
 Page   Number 
         
 
 
    
   Glossary of Terms 
    
   
 3 
    
 
 
 
 
   Part I 
    
 
 
 
 
   1. 
    
   Business 
    
   
 8 
    
 
   1A. 
    
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   1B. 
    
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 32 
    
 
   2. 
    
   Properties 
    
   
 32 
    
 
   3. 
    
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 36 
    
 
   4. 
    
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 36 
    
 
 
    
   Executive Officers of Dominion 
    
   
 37 
    
 
 
 
 
   Part II 
    
 
 
 
 
   5. 
    
   Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 
    
   
 38 
    
 
   6. 
    
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 39 
    
 
   7. 
    
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 40 
    
 
   7A. 
    
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 56 
    
 
   8. 
    
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 58 
    
 
   9. 
    
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 163 
    
 
   9A. 
    
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 163 
    
 
   9B. 
    
   Other Information 
    
   
 166 
    
 
 
 
 
   Part III 
    
 
 
 
 
   10. 
    
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 167 
    
 
   11. 
    
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 167 
    
 
   12. 
    
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 
    
   
 167 
    
 
   13. 
    
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 167 
    
 
   14. 
    
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 167 
    
 
 
 
 
   Part IV 
    
 
 
 
 
   15. 
    
   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 169 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Glossary of Terms        The following abbreviations or acronyms used in this Form 10-K are defined below:  
   

 


 
 
 
 
 
 Abbreviation or Acronym 
    
 Definition 


 
   2013 Biennial Review Order 
    
   Order issued by the Virginia Commission in November 2013 concluding the 2011—2012 biennial review of Virginia Power’s base
rates, terms and conditions 
 
   2013 Equity Units 
    
   Dominion’s 2013 Series A Equity Units and 2013 Series B Equity Units issued in June 2013 
 
   2014 Equity Units 
    
   Dominion’s 2014 Series A Equity Units issued in July 2014 
 
   2015 Biennial Review Order 
    
   Order issued by the Virginia Commission in November 2015 concluding the 2013—2014 biennial review of Virginia Power’s base
rates, terms and conditions 
 
   2016 Proxy Statement 
    
   Dominion 2016 Proxy Statement, File No. 001-08489  
 
   ABO 
    
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
 
   AFUDC 
    
   Allowance for funds used during construction 
 
   AGL 
    
   AGL Resources Inc. 
 
   Altavista 
    
   Altavista power station 
 
   AMI 
    
   Advanced Metering Infrastructure 
 
   AMR 
    
   Automated meter reading program deployed by East Ohio 
 
   AOCI 
    
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
   AROs 
    
   Asset retirement obligations 
 
   ARP 
    
   Acid Rain Program, a market-based initiative for emissions allowance trading, established pursuant to Title IV of the
CAA 
 
   ATEX line 
    
   Appalachia to Texas Express ethane line 
 
   Atlantic Coast Pipeline 
    
   Atlantic Coast Pipeline, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion, Duke Energy, Piedmont and AGL 
 
   Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project 
    
   The approximately 600-mile natural gas pipeline running from West Virginia through Virginia to North Carolina which will be owned by
Dominion, Duke Energy, Piedmont and AGL and constructed and operated by DTI 
 
   BACT 
    
   Best available control technology 
 
   bcf 
    
   Billion cubic feet 
 
   bcfe 
    
   Billion cubic feet equivalent 
 
   Bear Garden 
    
   A 590 MW combined cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Buckingham County, Virginia 
 
   Blue Racer 
    
   Blue Racer Midstream, LLC, a joint venture between Dominion and Caiman 
 
   BOEM 
    
   Bureau of Ocean Energy Management 
 
   BP 
    
   BP Wind Energy North America Inc. 
 
   Brayton Point 
    
   Brayton Point power station 
 
   BREDL 
    
   Blue Ridge Environmental Defense League 
 
   Bremo 
    
   Bremo power station 
 
   Brunswick County 
    
   A 1,358 MW combined cycle, natural gas-fired power station under construction in Brunswick County, Virginia 
 
   CAA 
    
   Clean Air Act 
 
   Caiman 
    
   Caiman Energy II, LLC 
 
   CAIR 
    
   Clean Air Interstate Rule 
 
   CAISO 
    
   California ISO 
 
   CAO 
    
   Chief Accounting Officer 
 
   CAP 
    
   IRS Compliance Assurance Process 
 
   CCR 
    
   Coal combustion residual 
 
   CEA 
    
   Commodity Exchange Act 
 
   CEO 
    
   Chief Executive Officer 
 
   CERCLA 
    
   Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 
 
   CFO 
    
   Chief Financial Officer 
 
   CFTC 
    
   Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
 
   CGN Committee 
    
   Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee of Dominion’s Board of Directors 
 
   Chesapeake 
    
   Chesapeake power station 
 
   Clean Power Plan 
    
   Regulations issued by the EPA in August 2015 for states to follow in developing plans to reduce CO 2  emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units, stayed by the U.S.
Supreme Court in February 2016 pending resolution of court challenges by certain states 
 
   CNG 
    
   Consolidated Natural Gas Company 
 
   CNO 
    
   Chief Nuclear Officer 
 
   CO 2 
    
   Carbon dioxide 
 
   COL 
    
   Combined Construction Permit and Operating License 
 
   Columbia to Eastover Project 
    
   Project to provide 15,800 Dths/day of firm transportation service from an existing interconnect with Southern Natural Gas Company, LLC
in Aiken County, South Carolina and provide for a receipt point change of 2,200 Dths/day under an existing contract from an existing interconnect with Transco in Cherokee County, South Carolina for a total 18,000 Dths/day, to a new delivery point
for the International Paper Company at its pulp and paper mill known as the Eastover Plant in Richland County, South Carolina 
 
   Companies 
    
   Dominion, Virginia Power and Dominion Gas, collectively 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 3 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 

 
 Abbreviation or Acronym 
    
 Definition 


 
   COO 
    
   Chief Operating Officer 
 
   Cooling degree days 
    
   Units measuring the extent to which the average daily temperature is greater than 65 degrees Fahrenheit, calculated as the difference
between 65 degrees and the average temperature for that day 
 
   Corporate Unit 
    
   A stock purchase contract and 1/20 interest in a RSN issued by Dominion 
 
   Cove Point 
    
   Dominion Cove Point LNG, LP 
 
   Cove Point Holdings 
    
   Cove Point GP Holding Company, LLC 
 
   CPCN 
    
   Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity 
 
   CSAPR 
    
   Cross State Air Pollution Rule 
 
   CWA 
    
   Clean Water Act 
 
   D.C. 
    
   District of Columbia 
 
   DCG 
    
   Dominion Carolina Gas Transmission, LLC (successor by statutory conversion to and formerly known as Carolina Gas Transmission
Corporation) 
 
   DEI 
    
   Dominion Energy, Inc. 
 
   DESRI 
    
   D.E. Shaw Renewable Investments, LLC, a limited liability company owned by certain affiliates of the D.E. Shaw group, Madison Dearborn
Capital Partners IV, L.P. and Northwestern University 
 
   Dodd-Frank Act 
    
   The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
 
   DOE 
    
   Department of Energy 
 
   Dominion 
    
   The legal entity, Dominion Resources, Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (other than Virginia Power and Dominion Gas) or
operating segments or the entirety of Dominion Resources, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
   Dominion
Direct ® 
    
   A dividend reinvestment and open enrollment direct stock purchase plan 
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
   The legal entity, Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries or operating segment, or the entirety of
Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
   Dominion Iroquois 
    
   Dominion Iroquois, Inc., which holds a 24.72% noncontrolling partnership interest in Iroquois 
 
   Dominion Midstream 
    
   The legal entity, Dominion Midstream Partners, LP, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, Cove Point Holdings, Iroquois GP
Holding Company, LLC and DCG (beginning April 1, 2015), or the entirety of Dominion Midstream Partners, LP and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
   Dominion NGL Pipelines, LLC 
    
   The initial owner of the 58-mile G-150 pipeline project, which is designed to transport approximately 27,000 barrels per day of NGLs
from Natrium to an interconnect with the ATEX line of Enterprise near Follansbee, West Virginia 
 
   DRS 
    
   Dominion Resources Services, Inc. 
 
   DSM 
    
   Demand-side management 
 
   Dth 
    
   Dekatherm 
 
   DTI 
    
   Dominion Transmission, Inc. 
 
   Duke Energy 
    
   Duke Energy Corporation 
 
   DVP 
    
   Dominion Virginia Power operating segment 
 
   E&P 
    
   Exploration & production 
 
   EA 
    
   Environmental assessment 
 
   East Ohio 
    
   The East Ohio Gas Company, doing business as Dominion East Ohio 
 
   Edgemoor Project 
    
   Project to provide 45,000 Dths/day of firm transportation service from an existing interconnect with Transco in Cherokee County, South
Carolina to customers in Calhoun and Lexington counties, South Carolina 
 
   EGWP 
    
   Employer Group Waiver Plan 
 
   Elwood 
    
   Elwood power station 
 
   Enterprise 
    
   Enterprise Product Partners, L.P. 
 
   EPA 
    
   Environmental Protection Agency 
 
   EPACT 
    
   Energy Policy Act of 2005 
 
   EPC 
    
   Engineering, procurement and construction 
 
   EPS 
    
   Earnings per share 
 
   ERISA 
    
   The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
 
   ERM 
    
   Enterprise Risk Management 
 
   ERO 
    
   Electric Reliability Organization 
 
   Excess Tax Benefits 
    
   Benefits of tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for stock-based compensation 
 
   Fairless 
    
   Fairless power station 
 
   FASB 
    
   Financial Accounting Standards Board 
 
   FERC 
    
   Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
 
   Fitch 
    
   Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
 
   Four Brothers 
    
   Four Brothers Solar, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion and Four Brothers Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
SunEdison 
 
   Fowler Ridge 
    
   Fowler I Holdings LLC, a wind-turbine facility joint venture with BP in Benton County, Indiana 
 
   FTRs 
    
   Financial transmission rights 
 
   GAAP 
    
   U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 
   Gal 
    
   Gallon 
 
   GHG 
    
   Greenhouse gas 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 

 
 Abbreviation or Acronym 
    
 Definition 


 
   Granite Mountain 
    
   Granite Mountain Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion and Granite Mountain Renewables, LLC, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of SunEdison 
 
   Green Mountain 
    
   Green Mountain Power Corporation 
 
   Greensville County 
    
   An approximately 1,588 MW proposed natural gas-fired combined-cycle power station in Greensville County, Virginia 
 
   Hastings 
    
   A natural gas processing and fractionation facility located near Pine Grove, West Virginia 
 
   HATFA of 2014 
    
   Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 
 
   Heating degree days 
    
   Units measuring the extent to which the average daily temperature is less than 65 degrees Fahrenheit, calculated as the difference
between 65 degrees and the average temperature for that day 
 
   Hope 
    
   Hope Gas, Inc., doing business as Dominion Hope 
 
   Illinois Gas Contracts 
    
   A Dominion Retail, Inc. natural gas book of business consisting of residential and commercial customers in Illinois 

 
   INPO 
    
   Institute of Nuclear Power Operations 
 
   IRCA 
    
   Intercompany revolving credit agreement 
 
   Iron Springs 
    
   Iron Springs Holdings, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion and Iron Springs Renewables, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
SunEdison 
 
   Iroquois 
    
   Iroquois Gas Transmission System, L.P. 
 
   IRS 
    
   Internal Revenue Service 
 
   ISO 
    
   Independent system operator 
 
   ISO-NE 
    
   ISO New England 
 
   June 2006 hybrids 
    
   2006 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2066 
 
   June 2009 hybrids 
    
   2009 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2064, subject to extensions no later than 2079 
 
   Juniper 
    
   Juniper Capital L.P. 
 
   Kewaunee 
    
   Kewaunee nuclear power station 
 
   Keys Energy Project 
    
   Project to provide 107,000 Dths/day of firm transportation service from Cove Point’s interconnect with Transco in Fairfax County,
Virginia to Keys Energy Center, LLC’s power generating facility in Prince George’s County, Maryland 
 
   Kincaid 
    
   Kincaid power station 
 
   kV 
    
   Kilovolt 
 
   Liability Management Exercise 
    
   Dominion exercise in 2014 to redeem certain debt and preferred securities 
 
   LIBOR 
    
   London Interbank Offered Rate 
 
   LIFO 
    
   Last-in-first-out inventory method 
 
   Line TPL-2A 
    
   An approximately 11-mile, 30-inch gathering pipeline extending from Tuscarawas County, Ohio to Harrison County,
Ohio 
 
   Line TL-388 
    
   A 37-mile, 24-inch gathering pipeline extending from Texas Eastern, LP in Noble County, Ohio to its terminus at Dominion’s Gilmore
Station in Tuscarawas County, Ohio 
 
   Line TL-404 
    
   An approximately 26-mile, 24- and 30- inch gas gathering pipeline that extends from Wetzel County, West Virginia to Monroe County,
Ohio 
 
   Liquefaction Project 
    
   A natural gas export/liquefaction facility currently under construction by Cove Point 
 
   LNG 
    
   Liquefied natural gas 
 
   LTIP 
    
   Long-term incentive program 
 
   MAP 21 Act 
    
   Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act 
 
   Maryland Commission 
    
   Maryland Public Service Commission 
 
   Massachusetts Municipal 
    
   Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company 
 
   MATS 
    
   Utility Mercury and Air Toxics Standard Rule 
 
   mcf 
    
   thousand cubic feet 
 
   MD&A 
    
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
   Medicare Act 
    
   The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 
 
   Medicare Part D 
    
   Prescription drug benefit introduced in the Medicare Act 
 
   MGD 
    
   Million gallons a day 
 
   Millstone 
    
   Millstone nuclear power station 
 
   MISO 
    
   Midwest Independent Transmission System Operators, Inc. 
 
   MLP 
    
   Master limited partnership, also known as publicly traded partnership 
 
   Moody’s 
    
   Moody’s Investors Service 
 
   Morgans Corner 
    
   Morgans Corner Solar Energy, LLC 
 
   MW 
    
   Megawatt 
 
   MWh 
    
   Megawatt hour 
 
   NAAQS 
    
   National Ambient Air Quality Standards 
 
   Natrium 
    
   A natural gas and fractionation facility located in Natrium, West Virginia, owned by Blue Racer 
 
   NAV 
    
   Net asset value 
 
   NedPower 
    
   NedPower Mount Storm LLC, a wind-turbine facility joint venture between Dominion and Shell in Grant County, West
Virginia 
 
   NEIL 
    
   Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 5 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 

 
 Abbreviation or Acronym 
    
 Definition 


 
   NERC 
    
   North American Electric Reliability Corporation 
 
   NG 
    
   Collectively, North East Transmission Co., Inc. and National Grid IGTS Corp. 
 
   NGLs 
    
   Natural gas liquids 
 
   NJNR 
    
   NJNR Pipeline Company 
 
   NO 2 
    
   Nitrogen dioxide 
 
   North Anna 
    
   North Anna nuclear power station 
 
   North Carolina Commission 
    
   North Carolina Utilities Commission 
 
   Northern System 
    
   Collection of approximately 131 miles of various diameter natural gas pipelines in Ohio 
 
   NO X 
    
   Nitrogen oxide 
 
   NRC 
    
   Nuclear Regulatory Commission 
 
   NSPS 
    
   New Source Performance Standards 
 
   NYSE 
    
   New York Stock Exchange 
 
   October 2014 hybrids 
    
   2014 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2054 
 
   ODEC 
    
   Old Dominion Electric Cooperative 
 
   Ohio Commission 
    
   Public Utilities Commission of Ohio 
 
   Order 1000 
    
   Order issued by FERC adopting new requirements for electric transmission planning, cost allocation and development 
 
   Philadelphia Utility Index 
    
   Philadelphia Stock Exchange Utility Index 
 
   Piedmont 
    
   Piedmont Natural Gas Company, Inc. 
 
   PIPP 
    
   Percentage of Income Payment Plan deployed by East Ohio 
 
   PIR 
    
   Pipeline Infrastructure Replacement program deployed by East Ohio 
 
   PJM 
    
   PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. 
 
   Possum Point 
    
   Possum Point power station 
 
   PREP 
    
   Pipeline Replacement and Expansion Program, a program of replacing, upgrading and expanding natural gas utility infrastructure to be
deployed by Hope 
 
   PSMP 
    
   Pipeline Safety and Management Program to be deployed by East Ohio to ensure the continued safe and reliable operation of East
Ohio’s system and compliance with pipeline safety laws 
 
   ppb 
    
   Parts-per-billion 
 
   PSD 
    
   Prevention of significant deterioration 
 
   Questar 
    
   The legal entity, Questar Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or operating segments, or the entirety of Questar
Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
   Questar Combination 
    
   Agreement and plan of merger entered on January 31, 2016 between Dominion and Questar in which Questar will become a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Dominion upon closing 
 
   RCC 
    
   Replacement Capital Covenant 
 
   Regulation Act 
    
   Legislation effective July 1, 2007, that amended the Virginia Electric Utility Restructuring Act and fuel factor statute, which
legislation is also known as the Virginia Electric Utility Regulation Act, as amended in 2015 
 
   REIT 
    
   Real estate investment trust 
 
   Rider B 
    
   A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the conversion of three of Virginia Power’s coal-fired
power stations to biomass 
 
   Rider BW 
    
   A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Brunswick County 
 
   Rider GV 
    
   A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Greensville County 
 
   Rider R 
    
   A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Bear Garden 
 
   Rider S 
    
   A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 
 
   Rider T1 
    
   A rate adjustment clause to recover the difference between revenues produced from transmission rates included in base rates, and the new
total revenue requirement developed annually for the rate years effective September 1 
 
   Rider U 
    
   A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs of new underground distribution facilities 
 
   Rider US-1 
    
   A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Remington solar facility 
 
   Rider US-2 
    
   A market-based rate adjustment clause associated with Woodland, Scott Solar and Whitehouse 
 
   Rider W 
    
   A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Warren County 
 
   Riders C1A and C2A 
    
   Rate adjustment clauses associated with the recovery of costs related to certain DSM programs approved in DSM cases 

 
   ROE 
    
   Return on equity 
 
   ROIC 
    
   Return on invested capital 
 
   RSN 
    
   Remarketable subordinated note 
 
   RTEP 
    
   Regional transmission expansion plan 
 
   RTO 
    
   Regional transmission organization 
 
   SAFSTOR 
    
   A method of nuclear decommissioning, as defined by the NRC, in which a nuclear facility is placed and maintained in a condition that
allows the facility to be safely stored and subsequently decontaminated to levels that permit release for unrestricted use 
 
   SAIDI 
    
   System Average Interruption Duration Index, metric used to measure electric service reliability 
 
   Scott Solar 
    
   An approximately 17 MW proposed utility-scale solar power station in Powhatan County,
VA 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 6 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 

 
 Abbreviation or Acronym 
    
 Definition 


 
   SEC 
    
   Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
   SELC 
    
   Southern Environmental Law Center 
 
   September 2006 hybrids 
    
   2006 Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2066 
 
   Shell 
    
   Shell WindEnergy, Inc. 
 
   SO 2 
    
   Sulfur dioxide 
 
   St. Charles Transportation Project 
    
   Project to provide 132,000 Dths/day of firm transportation service from Cove Point’s interconnect with Transco in Fairfax County,
Virginia to Competitive Power Venture Maryland, LLC’s power generating facility in Charles County, Maryland 
 
   Standard & Poor’s 
    
   Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
 
   SunEdison 
    
   The legal entity, SunEdison, Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (including Four Brothers Holdings, LLC, Granite Mountain
Renewables, LLC and Iron Springs Renewables, LLC) or operating segments, or the entirety of SunEdison, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
   Surry 
    
   Surry nuclear power station 
 
   Terra Nova Renewable Partners 
    
   A partnership between SunEdison and institutional investors advised by J.P. Morgan Asset Management—Global Real
Assets 
 
   Three Cedars 
    
   Granite Mountain and Iron Springs, collectively 
 
   TransCanada 
    
   The legal entity, TransCanada Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or operating segments, or the entirety of
TransCanada Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
   TSR 
    
   Total shareholder return 
 
   U.S. 
    
   United States of America 
 
   UAO 
    
   Unilateral Administrative Order 
 
   UEX Rider 
    
   Uncollectible Expense Rider deployed by East Ohio 
 
   VEBA 
    
   Voluntary Employees’ Beneficiary Association 
 
   VIE 
    
   Variable interest entity 
 
   Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 
    
   A 610 MW baseload carbon-capture compatible, clean coal powered electric generation facility in Wise County,
Virginia 
 
   Virginia Commission 
    
   Virginia State Corporation Commission 
 
   Virginia Power 
    
   The legal entity, Virginia Electric and Power Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries or operating segments or the
entirety of Virginia Electric and Power Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 
 
   VOC 
    
   Volatile organic compounds 
 
   Warren County 
    
   A 1,342 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Warren County, Virginia 
 
   West Virginia Commission 
    
   Public Service Commission of West Virginia 
 
   Western System 
    
   Collection of approximately 212 miles of various diameter natural gas pipelines and three compressor stations in
Ohio 
 
   Whitehouse 
    
   An approximately 20 MW proposed utility-scale solar power station in Louisa County, VA 
 
   Woodland 
    
   An approximately 19 MW proposed utility-scale solar power station in Isle of Wight County, VA 
 
   Yorktown 
    
   Yorktown power station 
 

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 7 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part I      
        
 
  Item 1. Business    G ENERAL     Dominion , headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and
incorporated in Virginia in 1983, is one of the nation’s largest producers and transporters of energy. Dominion’s strategy is to be a leading provider of electricity, natural gas and related services to customers primarily in the eastern
region of the U.S. As of December 31, 2015, Dominion’s portfolio of assets includes approximately 24,300 MW of generating capacity, 6,500 miles of electric transmission lines, 57,300 miles of electric distribution lines, 12,200 miles of
natural gas transmission, gathering and storage pipeline and 22,000 miles of gas distribution pipeline, exclusive of service lines. As of December 31, 2015, Dominion serves over 5 million utility and retail energy customers in 14 states
and operates one of the nation’s largest underground natural gas storage systems, with approximately 933 bcf of storage capacity.     In March 2014, Dominion formed Dominion Midstream, an MLP designed to grow a portfolio of natural gas terminaling, processing, storage, transportation and related assets. In October 2014, Dominion
Midstream launched its initial public offering and issued 20,125,000 common units (including 2,625,000 common units issued pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters’ over-allotment option) representing limited partner interests. Dominion has
recently and may continue to investigate opportunities to acquire assets that meet its strategic objective for Dominion Midstream. At December 31, 2015, Dominion owns the general partner and 64.1% of the limited partner interests in Dominion
Midstream, which owns a preferred equity interest and the general partner interest in Cove Point, DCG and a 25.93% noncontrolling partnership interest in Iroquois. Dominion Midstream is consolidated by Dominion, and is an SEC registrant. However,
its Form 10-K is filed separately and is not combined herein.    Dominion is focused on expanding its investment in regulated
electric generation, transmission and distribution and regulated natural gas transmission and distribution infrastructure. Dominion expects 80% to 90% of earnings from its primary operating segments to come from regulated and long-term contracted
businesses.    Dominion continues to expand and improve its regulated and long-term contracted electric and natural gas
businesses, in accordance with its existing five-year capital investment program. A major impetus for this program is to meet the anticipated increase in demand in its electric utility service territory. Other drivers for the capital investment
program include the construction of infrastructure to handle the increase in natural gas production from the Marcellus and Utica Shale formations, to upgrade Dominion’s gas and electric transmission and distribution networks, and to meet
environmental requirements and standards set by various regulatory bodies. Investments in utility solar generation are expected to be a focus in meeting such environmental requirements, particularly in Virginia. Blue Racer is investing in natural
gas gathering and processing assets in Ohio and West Virginia, targeting primarily the Utica Shale formation. In September 2014, Dominion announced the formation of Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is focused on constructing an
approximately 600-mile natural gas pipeline
 

  
running from West Virginia through Virginia to North Carolina, to increase natural gas supplies in the region.    Dominion has transitioned to a more regulated, less volatile earnings mix as evidenced by its capital investments in regulated infrastructure and infrastructure whose output is sold under long-term
purchase agreements, as well as dispositions of certain merchant generation facilities during 2013 and the sale of the electric retail energy marketing business in March 2014. Dominion’s nonregulated operations include merchant generation,
energy marketing and price risk management activities and natural gas retail energy marketing operations. Dominion’s operations are conducted through various subsidiaries, including Virginia Power and Dominion Gas.  
 Virginia Power , headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and incorporated in Virginia in 1909 as a Virginia public service corporation,
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion and a regulated public utility that generates, transmits and distributes electricity for sale in Virginia and North Carolina. In Virginia, Virginia Power conducts business under the name “Dominion
Virginia Power” and primarily serves retail customers. In North Carolina, it conducts business under the name “Dominion North Carolina Power” and serves retail customers located in the northeastern region of the state, excluding
certain municipalities. In addition, Virginia Power sells electricity at wholesale prices to rural electric cooperatives, municipalities and into wholesale electricity markets. All of Virginia Power’s stock is owned by Dominion. 
   Dominion Gas,  a limited liability company formed in September 2013, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion and a
holding company. It serves as the intermediate parent company for the majority of Dominion’s regulated natural gas operating subsidiaries, which conduct business activities through a regulated interstate natural gas transmission pipeline and
underground storage system in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest states, regulated gas transportation and distribution operations in Ohio, and gas gathering and processing activities primarily in West Virginia, Ohio and Pennsylvania. Dominion
Gas’ principal wholly-owned subsidiaries are DTI, East Ohio and Dominion Iroquois. DTI is an interstate natural gas transmission pipeline company serving a broad mix of customers such as local gas distribution companies, marketers, interstate
and intrastate pipelines, electric power generators and natural gas producers. The DTI system links to other major pipelines and markets in the mid-Atlantic, Northeast, and Midwest including Dominion’s Cove Point pipeline. DTI also operates one
of the largest underground natural gas storage systems in the U.S. and is a producer and supplier of NGLs. East Ohio is a regulated natural gas distribution operation serving residential, commercial and industrial gas sales and transportation
customers. Its service territory includes Cleveland, Akron, Canton, Youngstown and other eastern and western Ohio communities. Dominion Iroquois holds a 24.72% noncontrolling partnership interest in Iroquois, a FERC-regulated interstate natural gas
pipeline in New York and Connecticut. All of Dominion Gas’ membership interests are owned by Dominion.    Amounts and
information disclosed for Dominion are inclusive of Virginia Power and/or Dominion Gas, where applicable.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 8 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
    
 E MPLOYEES     At
December 31, 2015, Dominion had approximately 14,700 full-time employees, of which approximately 5,300 employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. At December 31, 2015, Virginia Power had approximately 6,800 full-time
employees, of which approximately 3,100 employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. At December 31, 2015, Dominion Gas had approximately 2,800 full-time employees, of which approximately 2,000 employees are subject to collective
bargaining agreements.          
 W HERE  Y OU  C AN  F IND  M ORE  I NFORMATION  A BOUT 
 THE  C OMPANIES     The Companies file their annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other
information with the SEC. Their SEC filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. You may also read and copy any document they file at the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at  1-800-SEC-0330  for further information on the public reference room.    The Companies make their SEC filings available, free of charge, including the annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports,
through Dominion’s internet website, http://www.dom.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing the material to the SEC. Information contained on Dominion’s website is not incorporated by reference in this report.
           A CQUISITIONS   AND  D ISPOSITIONS     Following are
significant acquisitions and divestitures by the Companies during the last five years.    P ROPOSED  A CQUISITION 
 OF  Q UESTAR     Under the terms of the Questar Combination announced in February 2016, upon closing, Dominion has
agreed to pay Questar’s shareholders approximately $4.4 billion in cash as well as assume Questar’s outstanding debt. Subject to receipt of Questar shareholder and any required regulatory approvals and meeting closing conditions,
Dominion targets closing by the end of 2016. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and  Liquidity and Capital Resources  in Item 7. MD&A for additional information.    A CQUISITION   OF  W HOLLY -O WNED  M ERCHANT  S OLAR  P ROJECTS   
 Throughout 2015, Dominion completed the acquisition of various wholly-owned merchant solar projects in California and Virginia for $381 million. The
projects are expected to cost approximately $588 million to construct, including the initial acquisition cost, and are expected to generate approximately 182 MW.    Throughout 2014, Dominion completed the acquisition of various wholly-owned solar development projects in California for $200 million. The projects cost $578 million to construct, including the initial
acquisition cost, and generate approximately 179 MW.
 
  See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
 A CQUISITION   OF  N ON -W HOLLY -O WNED  M ERCHANT  S OLAR 
P ROJECTS     In 2015, Dominion acquired 50% of the units in Four Brothers and Three Cedars from SunEdison for $107 million. The
projects are expected to cost approximately $1.2 billion to construct, including the initial acquisition cost. The facilities are expected to begin commercial operations in the third quarter of 2016, generating approximately 530 MW. See Note 3 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.    S ALE   OF  I NTEREST 
 IN  M ERCHANT  S OLAR  P ROJECTS     In September 2015, Dominion signed an agreement to
sell a noncontrolling interest (consisting of 33% of the equity interests) in all of its then wholly-owned merchant solar projects, 24 solar projects totaling approximately 425 MW, to SunEdison for approximately $300 million. In December 2015, the
sale of interest in 15 of the solar projects closed for $184 million with the sale of interest in the remaining projects completed in January 2016. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
 D OMINION  M IDSTREAM  A CQUISITION   OF  I NTEREST   IN 
I ROQUOIS     In September 2015, Dominion Midstream acquired from NG and NJNR a 25.93% noncontrolling partnership interest in
Iroquois. The investment was recorded at $216 million based on the value of Dominion Midstream’s common units at closing. The common units issued to NG and NJNR are reflected as noncontrolling interest in Dominion’s Consolidated Financial
Statements. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.    A CQUISITION   OF 
DCG    In January 2015, Dominion completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of DCG from SCANA Corporation for $497 million in
cash, as adjusted for working capital. In April 2015, Dominion contributed DCG to Dominion Midstream. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.    S ALE   OF  E LECTRIC  R ETAIL  E NERGY  M ARKETING  B USINESS   
 In March 2014, Dominion completed the sale of its electric retail energy marketing business. The proceeds were $187 million, net of transaction costs. The
sale of the electric retail energy marketing business did not qualify for discontinued operations classification. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
 S ALE   OF  P IPELINES   AND  P IPELINE  S YSTEMS   
 In March 2014, Dominion Gas sold the Northern System to an affiliate that subsequently sold the Northern System to Blue Racer for consideration of $84
million. Dominion Gas’ consideration consisted of $17 million in cash proceeds and the extinguishment of affiliated current borrowings of $67 million and Dominion’s consideration consisted of cash proceeds of $84 million.  
 In September 2013, DTI sold Line TL-388 to Blue Racer for $75 million in cash proceeds.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 9 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  In December 2012, East Ohio sold two pipeline systems to an affiliate for consideration of
$248 million. East Ohio’s consideration consisted of $61 million in cash proceeds and the extinguishment of affiliated long-term debt of $187 million and Dominion’s consideration consisted of a 50% interest in Blue Racer and cash proceeds
of $115 million.    See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on sales of pipelines and
pipeline systems.    A SSIGNMENTS   OF  S HALE  D EVELOPMENT  R IGHTS 
   In March 2015, Dominion Gas and a natural gas producer closed on an amendment to a December 2013 agreement, which included the immediate
conveyance of approximately 9,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights and a two-year extension of the term of the original agreement. The conveyance of development rights resulted in the recognition of $43 million of previously deferred
revenue. Also in March 2015, Dominion Gas conveyed to a natural gas producer approximately 11,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights underneath one of its natural gas storage fields and received proceeds of $27 million and an overriding
royalty interest in gas produced from the acreage. In September 2015, Dominion Gas closed on an agreement with a natural gas producer to convey approximately 16,000 acres of Utica and Point Pleasant Shale development rights underneath one of its
natural gas storage fields. The agreement provided for a payment to Dominion Gas, subject to customary adjustments, of $52 million and an overriding royalty interest in gas produced from the acreage.  
 In November 2014, Dominion Gas closed an agreement with a natural gas producer to convey over time approximately 24,000 acres of Marcellus
Shale development rights underneath one of its natural gas storage fields. The agreement provides for payments to Dominion Gas, subject to customary adjustments, of approximately $120 million over a period of four years, and an overriding royalty
interest in gas produced from the acreage.    In December 2013, Dominion Gas closed on agreements with two natural gas producers
to convey over time approximately 100,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights underneath several natural gas storage fields. The agreements provide for payments to Dominion Gas, subject to customary adjustments, of approximately $200 million
over a period of nine years, and overriding royalty interest in gas produced from that acreage.    See Note 10 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these sales of Marcellus acreage.    S ALE   OF 
B RAYTON  P OINT , K INCAID   AND  E QUITY  M ETHOD  I NVESTMENT   IN  E LWOOD   
 In August 2013, Dominion completed the sale of Brayton Point, Kincaid and its equity method investment in Elwood to Energy Capital Partners and received
proceeds of $465 million, net of transaction costs. The historical results of Brayton Point’s and Kincaid’s operations are included in the Corporate and Other segment and presented in discontinued operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information.
 
    
 O PERATING  S EGMENTS     Dominion manages its daily operations through three primary operating segments: DVP, Dominion Generation and Dominion Energy. Dominion also reports a Corporate and Other segment, which includes its
corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) and the net impact of operations that are discontinued, which is discussed in Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, Corporate and Other includes
specific items attributable to Dominion’s other operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments.  
 Virginia Power manages its daily operations through two primary operating segments: DVP and Dominion Generation. It also reports a
Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources
among the segments.    Dominion Gas manages its daily operations through its primary operating segment: Dominion Energy. It also
reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segment that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segment’s performance.  
 While daily operations are managed through the operating segments previously discussed, assets remain wholly-owned by the Companies and
their respective legal subsidiaries.    A description of the operations included in the Companies’ primary operating
segments is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Primary Operating   Segment 
   
 Description of Operations 
   
 Dominion 
   
   
 Virginia Power 
   
   
 Dominion Gas 
   


 
   DVP 
   
   Regulated electric distribution 
   
   
 X 
    
   
   
 X 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Regulated electric transmission 
   
   
 X 
    
   
   
 X 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Dominion Generation 
   
   Regulated electric fleet 
   
   
 X 
    
   
   
 X 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Merchant electric fleet 
   
   
 X 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Dominion Energy 
   
   Gas transmission and storage 
   
   
 X 
 (1)   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 X 
    
 
 
   
   Gas distribution and storage 
   
   
 X 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 X 
    
 
 
   
   Gas gathering and processing 
   
   
 X 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 X 
    
 
 
   
   LNG import and storage 
   
   
 X 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
   Nonregulated retail energy marketing (2) 
   
   
 X 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes remaining producer services activities.  
 
 
 (2) 
 As a result of Dominion’s decision to realign its business units effective for 2015 year-end reporting, nonregulated retail energy marketing operations were
moved from the Dominion Generation segment to the Dominion Energy segment. See Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  For additional financial information on operating segments, including revenues from
external customers, see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For additional information on operating revenue related to the Companies’ principal products and services, see Notes 2 and 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
which information is incorporated herein by reference.    DVP    The DVP Operating Segment of Dominion and Virginia Power  includes Virginia Power’s regulated electric transmission and distribution (including customer service) operations, which serve
approximately 2.5 million residential, commercial, industrial and governmental customers in Virginia and North Carolina.     DVP’s existing five-year investment plan includes spending approximately $7.7 billion from 2016 through 2020 to upgrade or add new transmission and distribution lines, substations and other
facilities to meet growing electricity demand within its service territory and maintain reliability. The proposed electric delivery infrastructure projects are intended to address both continued customer growth and increases in electricity
consumption by the typical consumer. In addition, data centers continue to contribute to anticipated demand growth.    Revenue
provided by electric distribution operations is based primarily on rates established by state regulatory authorities and state law. Variability in earnings is driven primarily by changes in rates, weather, customer growth and other factors impacting
consumption such as the economy and energy conservation, in addition to operating and maintenance expenditures. Operationally, electric distribution continues to focus on improving service levels while striving to reduce costs and link investments
to operational results. SAIDI performance results, excluding major events, were 120 minutes at the end of 2015, up from the three-year average of 113 minutes, due to increased weather related outages. Virginia Power’s overall customer
satisfaction, however, improved year over year when compared to its 2014 score in the South Large segment of J.D. Power and Associates’ rankings. In the future, safety, electric service reliability and customer service will remain key focus
areas for electric distribution.    Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations is based primarily
on rates approved by FERC. The profitability of this business is dependent on its ability, through the rates it is permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable return on its capital investments. Variability in earnings primarily
results from changes in rates and the timing of property additions, retirements and depreciation.    Virginia Power is a member
of PJM, an RTO, and its electric transmission facilities are integrated into PJM wholesale electricity markets. Consistent with the increased authority given to NERC by EPACT, Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations are committed to
meeting NERC standards, modernizing its infrastructure and maintaining superior system reliability. Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations will continue to focus on safety, operational performance, NERC compliance and execution of
PJM’s RTEP.  
  C OMPETITION     DVP Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    There is no competition for
electric distribution service within Virginia Power’s service territory in Virginia and North Carolina and no such competition is currently permitted. Historically, since its electric transmission facilities are integrated into PJM and electric
transmission services are administered by PJM, there was no competition in relation to transmission service provided to customers within the PJM region. However, competition from non-incumbent PJM transmission owners for development, construction
and ownership of certain transmission facilities in Virginia Power’s service territory is now permitted pursuant to FERC Order 1000, subject to state and local siting and permitting approvals. This could result in additional competition to
build transmission lines in Virginia Power’s service area in the future and could allow Dominion to seek opportunities to build facilities in other service territories.    R EGULATION     DVP Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power
   Virginia Power’s electric retail service, including the rates it may charge to jurisdictional customers, is subject to regulation by
the Virginia and North Carolina Commissions. Virginia Power’s wholesale electric transmission rates, tariffs and terms of service are subject to regulation by FERC. Electric transmission siting authority remains the jurisdiction of the Virginia
and North Carolina Commissions. However, EPACT provides FERC with certain backstop authority for transmission siting. See  State Regulations and Federal Regulations  in  Regulation  and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information, including a discussion of the February 2015 amendment to the Regulation Act and the 2015 Biennial Review Order.  
 P ROPERTIES     DVP
Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    Virginia Power has approximately 6,500 miles of electric transmission lines of 69 kV or
more located in the states of North Carolina, Virginia and West Virginia. Portions of Virginia Power’s electric transmission lines cross national parks and forests under permits entitling the federal government to use, at specified charges, any
surplus capacity that may exist in these lines. While Virginia Power owns and maintains its electric transmission facilities, they are a part of PJM, which coordinates the planning, operation, emergency assistance and exchange of capacity and energy
for such facilities.    As a part of PJM’s RTEP process, PJM authorized the following material reliability projects
(including Virginia Power’s estimated cost):  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Surry-to-Skiffes Creek-to-Whealton ($150 million);  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Dooms-to-Lexington ($112 million);  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Cunningham-to-Elmont ($106 million);  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Landstown voltage regulation ($70 million);  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Warrenton (including Remington CT-to-Warrenton, Vint Hill-to-Wheeler-to-Gainesville, and Vint Hill and Wheeler switching stations) ($105 million);
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 11 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Carolina-to-Kerr Dam ($58 million);  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Remington/Gordonsville/Pratts Area Improvement (including Remington-to-Gordonsville, and new Gordonsville substation transformer) ($104 million);
 
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Kings Dominion-to-Fredericksburg ($51 million); and  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Cunningham-to-Dooms ($110 million).    Over the next 5 years, Virginia Power plans to increase transmission substation physical security and to invest in a new system operations center. Virginia Power expects to invest $300 million-$400
million during that time to strengthen its electrical system to better protect critical equipment, enhance its spare equipment process and create multiple levels of security.    In addition, Virginia Power’s electric distribution network includes approximately 57,300 miles of distribution lines, exclusive of service level lines, in Virginia and North Carolina. The grants for
most of its electric lines contain rights-of-way that have been obtained from the apparent owners of real estate, but underlying titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by
condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be revoked.  
 Virginia legislation in 2014 provides for the recovery of costs, subject to approval by the Virginia Commission, for Virginia Power to
move approximately 4,000 miles of electric distribution lines underground. The program, designed to reduce restoration outage time, has an annual investment cap of approximately $175 million and is expected to be implemented over the next decade. In
December 2015, Virginia Power re-filed its application with the Virginia Commission seeking approval to place its most outage-prone overhead distribution lines underground as part of the initial phase of this program.  
 S OURCES   OF  E NERGY  S UPPLY     DVP Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    DVP’s supply of electricity to
serve Virginia Power customers is produced or procured by Dominion Generation. See  Dominion Generation  for additional information.  
 S EASONALITY     DVP
Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    DVP’s earnings vary seasonally as a result of the impact of changes in
temperature, the impact of storms and other catastrophic weather events, and the availability of alternative sources for heating on demand by residential and commercial customers. Generally, the demand for electricity peaks during the summer and
winter months to meet cooling and heating needs. An increase in heating degree days for DVP’s electric utility-related operations does not produce the same increase in revenue as an increase in cooling degree days, due to seasonal pricing
differentials and because alternative heating sources are more readily available.    Dominion Generation  
 The Dominion Generation Operating Segment of Virginia Power  includes the generation operations of the Virginia Power regu lated electric
utility and its related energy supply operations. Virginia Power’s utility generation operations primarily serve the 
 

  
 supply requirements for the DVP segment’s utility customers.  The Dominion Generation Operating Segment of Dominion  includes Virginia Power’s generation facilities and its
related energy supply operations as well as the generation operations of Dominion’s merchant fleet and energy marketing and price risk management activities for these assets.   
 Dominion Generation’s existing five-year electric utility investment plan includes spending approximately $8.0 billion from 2016
through 2020 to construct new generation capacity to meet growing electricity demand within its utility service territory and to continue to replace coal-fired generating capacity with less carbon-intensive natural gas and solar. The most
significant project currently under construction is Brunswick County, which is estimated to cost approximately $1.2 billion, excluding financing costs. See  Properties  and  Environmental Strategy  for additional information on this and
other utility projects.    In addition, Dominion’s merchant fleet has acquired and developed numerous renewable generation
projects, which include a fuel cell generation facility in Connecticut and solar generation facilities in California, Indiana, Georgia, Tennessee, Utah and Connecticut. The output of these facilities is sold under long-term power purchase agreements
with terms generally ranging from 15 to 25 years. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding certain solar projects.    Earnings for the  Dominion Generation Operating Segment of Virginia Power  primarily result from the sale of electricity generated by its utility fleet. Revenue is based primarily on rates
established by state regulatory authorities and state law. Approximately 80% of revenue comes from serving Virginia jurisdictional customers. Base rates for the Virginia jurisdiction are set using a modified cost-of-service rate model, and are
generally designed to allow an opportunity to recover the cost of providing utility service and earn a reasonable return on investments used to provide that service. Earnings variability may arise when revenues are impacted by factors not reflected
in current rates, such as the impact of weather on customers’ demand for services. Likewise, earnings may reflect variations in the timing or nature of expenses as compared to those contemplated in current rates, such as labor and benefit
costs, capacity expenses, and the timing, duration and costs of scheduled and unscheduled outages. The cost of fuel and purchased power is generally collected through fuel cost-recovery mechanisms established by regulators and does not materially
impact net income. The cost of new generation facilities is generally recovered through rate adjustment clauses in Virginia. Variability in earnings from rate adjustment clauses reflects changes in the authorized ROE and the carrying amount of these
facilities, which are largely driven by the timing and amount of capital investments, as well as depreciation. See  Electric Regulation in Virginia  under  Regulation  and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.    The Dominion Generation Operating Segment of Dominion  derives its earnings primarily from the sale of
electricity generated by Virginia Power’s utility and Dominion’s merchant generation assets, as well as from associated capacity and ancillary services. Variability in earnings provided by Dominion’s nonrenewable merchant fleet
relates to changes in market-based prices received   for electricity and capacity. Market-based prices for electricity are largely dependent on commodity prices, primarily natural gas, and 
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
 the demand for electricity, which is primarily dependent upon   weather. Capacity prices are dependent upon resource requirements in relation to the supply available (both existing and
new) in the forward capacity auctions, which are held approximately three years in advance of the associated delivery year. Dominion manages the electric price volatility of its merchant fleet by hedging a substantial portion of its expected
near-term energy sales with derivative instruments. Variability also results from changes in the cost of fuel consumed, labor and benefits and the timing, duration and costs of scheduled and unscheduled outages.   
 C OMPETITION     Dominion
Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    Virginia Power’s generation operations are not subject to significant
competition as only a limited number of its Virginia jurisdictional electric utility customers have retail choice. See  Regulation-State Regulations-Electric  for more information. Currently, North Carolina does not offer retail choice to
electric customers.    Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion    Dominion Generation’s recently acquired and developed renewable generation projects are not subject to significant competition as the output from these facilities is primarily sold under long-term
power purchase agreements with terms generally lasting between 15 and 25 years. Competition for the nonrenewable merchant fleet is impacted by electricity and fuel prices, new market entrants, construction by others of generating assets and
transmission capacity, technological advances in power generation, the actions of environmental and other regulatory authorities and other factors. These competitive factors may negatively impact the merchant fleet’s ability to profit from
the sale of electricity and related products and services.    Unlike Dominion Generation’s regulated generation fleet, its
nonrenewable merchant generation fleet is dependent on its ability to operate in a competitive environment and does not have a predetermined rate structure that provides for a rate of return on its capital investments. Dominion Generation’s
nonrenewable merchant assets operate within functioning RTOs and primarily compete on the basis of price. Competitors include other generating assets bidding to operate within the RTOs. These RTOs have clearly identified market rules that ensure the
competitive wholesale market is functioning properly. Dominion Generation’s nonrenewable merchant units compete in the wholesale market with other generators to sell a variety of products including energy, capacity and ancillary services. It is
difficult to compare various types of generation given the wide range of fuels, fuel procurement strategies, efficiencies and operating characteristics of the fleet within any given RTO. However, Dominion applies its expertise in operations,
dispatch and risk management to maximize the degree to which its nonrenewable merchant fleet is competitive compared to similar assets within the region.    R EGULATION     Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and
Virginia Power    Virginia Power’s utility generation fleet and Dominion’s merchant generation fleet are subject to regulation by
FERC, the
 

  
NRC, the EPA, the DOE, the Army Corps of Engineers and other federal, state and local authorities. Virginia Power’s utility generation fleet is also subject to regulation by the Virginia
Commission and the North Carolina Commission. See  Regulation, Future Issues and Other Matters  in Item 7. MD&A and Notes 13 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.  
 The Clean Power Plan and related proposed rules discussed represent a significant regulatory development affecting this segment. See
 Future Issues and Other Matters  in Item 7. MD&A.    P ROPERTIES   
 For a listing of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s existing generation facilities, see Item 2. Properties.  
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    The generation capacity of Virginia Power’s electric utility fleet totals approximately 20,000 MW. The generation mix is diversified and includes coal, nuclear, gas, oil, hydro, renewables and power
purchase agreements. Virginia Power’s generation facilities are located in Virginia, West Virginia and North Carolina and serve load in Virginia and northeastern North Carolina.  
 Virginia Power is developing, financing and constructing new generation capacity to meet growing electricity demand within its service
territory. Significant projects under construction or development are set forth below:  
 
 
 • 
   
   In August 2013, the Virginia Commission authorized the construction of Brunswick County, which is estimated to cost approximately $1.2 billion,
excluding financing costs. Construction of the facility commenced in the third quarter of 2013 with commercial operations expected to begin in mid-2016. Brunswick County is expected to offset the expected reduction in capacity caused by the
retirement of coal-fired units at Chesapeake in December 2014 and at Yorktown as early as 2017, primarily due to the cost of compliance with MATS.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Virginia Power has filed for approval to construct certain solar facilities in Virginia. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more
information.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Virginia Power is considering the construction of a third nuclear unit at a site located at North Anna. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for more information on this project.  
 
 
 • 
   
   The BOEM auctioned approximately 113,000 acres of federal land off the Virginia coast as a single lease for construction of offshore wind turbines.
Virginia Power was awarded the lease, effective November 1, 2013. The BOEM has several lease milestones with which Virginia Power must comply as conditions to being awarded the lease.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Virginia Power is also considering the development of a commercial offshore wind generation project through a federal land lease off the Virginia
coast. Virginia Power and several partners are collaborating to develop a 12 MW offshore wind demonstration project, which is proposed to be located approximately 24 miles off the coast of Virginia. In May 2014, the DOE selected the Virginia
Offshore Wind Technology Advancement project as one of three projects to receive up to $47 million of follow-on funding. This project may be operational as early as the end of 2018, pending regulatory approvals.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 13 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Subject to the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, Virginia Power plans to construct and operate Greensville County and related transmission
interconnection facilities. If the project is approved, commercial operations are expected to commence in late 2018, at an estimated cost of approximately $1.3 billion, excluding financing costs. 
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion    The generation capacity of Dominion’s merchant fleet totals approximately 4,300 MW. The generation mix is diversified and includes nuclear, natural gas and renewables. Merchant non-renewable
generation facilities are located in Connecticut, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island, with a majority of that capacity concentrated in New England. Dominion’s merchant renewable generation facilities include a fuel cell generation facility in
Connecticut, solar generation facilities in Indiana, Georgia, California, Tennessee, Utah and Connecticut, and wind generation facilities in Indiana and West Virginia. Additional solar projects under construction are as set forth below:  
 
 
 • 
   
   In June 2015, Dominion acquired 50% of the units in Four Brothers from SunEdison for $64 million of consideration. Four Brothers’ purpose is to
develop and operate four solar projects located in Utah, which will produce and sell electricity and renewable energy credits. The projects are expected to cost approximately $730 million to construct, including the initial acquisition cost. The
facilities are expected to begin commercial operations in the third quarter of 2016, generating approximately 320 MW.  
 
 
 • 
   
   In September 2015, Dominion acquired 50% of the units in Three Cedars from SunEdison for $43 million of consideration. Three Cedars’ purpose is to
develop and operate three solar projects located in Utah, which will produce and sell electricity and renewable energy credits. The projects are expected to cost approximately $425 million to construct. The facilities are expected to begin
commercial operations in the third quarter of 2016, generating approximately 210 MW.  
 
 
 • 
   
   In November 2015, Dominion acquired 100% of the equity interests of the Eastern Shore Solar project in Virginia from Community Energy, Inc. for $34
million. The project is expected to cost approximately $212 million once constructed, including the initial acquisition cost. The facility is expected to begin commercial operations in October 2016 and generate approximately 80 MW.
   S OURCES   OF  E NERGY  S UPPLY   
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    Dominion Generation uses a variety of fuels to power its electric generation and purchases power for utility system load requirements and to satisfy physical forward sale requirements, as described below.
Some of these agreements have fixed commitments and are included as contractual obligations in  Future Cash Payments for Contractual Obligations and Planned Capital Expenditures  in Item 7. MD&A.  
 Nuclear Fuel —Dominion Generation primarily utilizes long-term contracts to support its nuclear fuel requirements. Worldwide
market conditions are continuously evaluated to ensure a range of supply options at reasonable prices which are dependent 
 

  
 on the market environment. Current agreements, inventories and spot market availability are expected to support current and planned fuel supply needs. Additional fuel is purchased as required
to ensure optimal cost and inventory levels.     Fossil Fuel —Dominion Generation primarily utilizes natural gas
and coal in its fossil fuel plants. All recent fossil fuel plant construction for Dominion Generation, with the exception of the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center, involves natural gas generation.  
 Dominion Generation’s natural gas and oil supply is obtained from various sources including purchases from major and independent
producers in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, purchases from local producers in the Appalachian area and Marcellus and Utica regions, purchases from gas marketers and withdrawals from underground storage fields owned by Dominion or third
parties. Dominion Generation manages a portfolio of natural gas transportation contracts (capacity) that provides for reliable natural gas deliveries to its gas turbine fleet, while minimizing costs.  
 Dominion Generation’s coal supply is obtained through long-term contracts and short-term spot agreements from domestic suppliers.
   Biomass— Dominion Generation’s biomass supply is obtained through long-term contracts and short-term spot
agreements from local suppliers.     Purchased Power —Dominion Generation purchases electricity from the PJM
spot market and through power purchase agreements with other suppliers to provide for utility system load requirements.   
 Dominion Generation also occasionally purchases electricity from the PJM and ISO-NE spot markets to satisfy physical forward sale
requirements as part of its merchant generation operations.    Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Virginia Power  
 Presented below is a summary of Virginia Power’s actual system output by energy source:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Source 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Nuclear (1) 
    
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
   Purchased power, net 
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
   
 21 
    
 
   Coal (2) 
    
   
 26 
    
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 29 
    
 
   Natural gas 
    
   
 23 
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
   Other (3) 

    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Total 
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Excludes ODEC’s 11.6% ownership interest in North Anna.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Excludes ODEC’s 50.0% ownership interest in the Clover power station. The average cost of coal for 2015 Virginia in-system generation was $31.29 per MWh.
 
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes oil, hydro, biomass and solar.  
 S EASONALITY     Dominion
Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    Sales of electricity for Dominion Generation typically vary seasonally as a
result of the impact of changes in temperature and the availability of alternative sources for heating on demand by residential and commercial customers. See  DVP-Seasonality  above for additional considerations that also apply to Dominion
Generation.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 14 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  N UCLEAR  D ECOMMISSIONING   
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion and Virginia Power    Virginia Power has a total of four licensed, operating nuclear reactors at Surry and North Anna in Virginia.    Decommissioning involves the decontamination and removal of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear power station once operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established by the NRC. Amounts
collected from ratepayers are placed into trusts and are invested to fund the expected future costs of decommissioning the Surry and North Anna units.    Virginia Power believes that the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings for the Surry and North Anna units will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs, particularly when combined
with future ratepayer collections and contributions to these decommissioning trusts, if such future collections and contributions are required. This reflects the long-term investment horizon, since the units will not be decommissioned for decades,
and a positive long-term outlook for trust fund investment returns. Virginia Power will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC minimum financial assurance requirements, which may include, if needed, the use of parent company
guarantees, surety bonding or other financial instruments recognized by the NRC.    The estimated cost to decommission Virginia
Power’s four nuclear units is reflected in the table below and is primarily based upon site-specific studies completed in 2014. These cost studies are generally completed every four to five years. The current cost estimates assume
decommissioning activities will begin shortly after cessation of operations, which will occur when the operating licenses expire. Virginia Power expects to decommission the Surry and North Anna units during the period 2032 to 2078.  
 Dominion Generation Operating Segment—Dominion    In addition to the four nuclear units discussed above, Dominion has two licensed, operating nuclear reactors at Millstone in Connecticut. A third Millstone unit ceased operations before Dominion acquired
the power station. In May 2013, Dominion ceased operations at its single unit Kewaunee in Wisconsin and commenced decommissioning activities using the SAFSTOR methodology. The planned decommissioning completion date is 2073, which is within the NRC
allowed 60-year window.    As part of Dominion’s acquisition of both Millstone and Kewaunee, it acquired decommissioning
funds for the related units. Any funds remaining in Kewaunee’s trust after decommissioning is completed are required to be refunded to Wisconsin ratepayers. Dominion believes that the amounts currently available in the decommissioning trusts
and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs for the Millstone and Kewaunee units. Dominion will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC minimum financial assurance requirements, which
may include, if needed, the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial instruments recognized by the NRC. The estimated cost to decommission Dominion’s eight units is reflected in the table below and is primarily based
upon site-specific studies completed for Surry, North Anna and Millstone in 2014 and for Kewaunee in 2013.
 
  The estimated decommissioning costs and license expiration dates for the nuclear units
owned by Dominion and Virginia Power are shown in the following table:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   NRC 
 license   expiration 
 year 
   
    
   Most 
 recent   cost 
 estimate   (2015 
 dollars) (1) 
   
    
   Funds in 
 trusts at   December 31, 
 2015 
   
    
   2015 
 contributions   to trusts 
   
 
 (dollars in millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Surry 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unit 1 
    
   
 2032 
    
    
 $ 
 588 
    
    
 $ 
 551 
    
    
 $ 
    0.6 
    
 
   Unit 2 
    
   
 2033 
    
    
   
 608 
    
    
   
 543 
    
    
   
 0.6 
    
 
   North Anna 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unit 1 (2) 
    
   
 2038 
    
    
   
 503 
    
    
   
 439 
    
    
   
 0.4 
    
 
   Unit
2 (2) 
    
   
 2040 
    
    
   
 515 
    
    
   
 412 
    
    
   
 0.3 
    
 
   Total (Virginia Power) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2,214 
    
    
   
 1,945 
    
    
   
 1.9 
    
 
   Millstone 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unit 1 (3) 
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 369 
    
    
   
 444 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Unit 2 
    
   
 2035 
    
    
   
 552 
    
    
   
 570 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Unit 3 (4) 
    
   
 2045 
    
    
   
 669 
    
    
   
 563 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Kewaunee 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unit
1 (5) 
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 494 
    
    
   
 661 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Total (Dominion) 
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
   4,298 
    
    
 $ 
   4,183 
    
    
 $ 
 1.9 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The cost estimates shown above reflect reductions for the expected future recovery of certain spent fuel costs based on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s
contracts with the DOE for disposal of spent nuclear fuel consistent with the reductions reflected in Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear decommissioning AROs.  
 
 
 (2) 
 North Anna is jointly owned by Virginia Power (88.4%) and ODEC (11.6%). However, Virginia Power is responsible for 89.26% of the decommissioning obligation.
Amounts reflect 89.26% of the decommissioning cost for both of North Anna’s units.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Unit 1 permanently ceased operations in 1998, before Dominion’s acquisition of Millstone.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Millstone Unit 3 is jointly owned by Dominion Nuclear Connecticut, with a 6.53% undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain.
Decommissioning cost is shown at Dominion’s ownership percentage. At December 31, 2015, the minority owners held $35 million   of trust funds related to Millstone Unit 3 that are not reflected in the table above.
 
 
 
 (5) 
 Permanently ceased operations in 2013.    Also see Note 14 and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about AROs and nuclear decommissioning, respectively, and Note 9 for information about nuclear decommissioning
trust investments.    Dominion Energy  
 The Dominion Energy Operating Segment of Dominion Gas  includes the majority of Dominion’s regulated natural gas operations. DTI, the gas
transmission pipeline and storage business, serves gas dis tribution businesses and other customers in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest. Included in the transmission pipeline and storage business is gas gathering and processing
activity, which includes the sale of extracted products at market rates. As discussed further under  Properties and Investments , Dominion Gas has requested approval from FERC to transfer these gathering and processing assets from DTI to
another wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Gas. East Ohio, the primary gas distribution business of Dominion, serves residential, commercial and industrial gas sales, transportation and gathering service customers. Dominion Iroquois holds a 24.72%
noncontrolling partnership interest   in     

    
 

 

 
 
 
 15 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
 Iroquois, which provides service to local gas distribution companies, electric utilities and electric power generators, as well as marketers and other end users, through interconnecting
pipelines and exchanges primarily in New York.     Earnings for the  Dominion Energy Operating Segment of Dominion
Gas  primarily result from rates established by FERC and the Ohio Commission. The profitability of this business is dependent on Dominion Gas’ ability, through the rates it is permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable
return on its capital investments. Variability in earnings results from changes in operating and maintenance expenditures, as well as changes in rates and the demand for services, which are dependent on weather, changes in commodity prices and the
economy.    Approximately 96% of the transmission capacity under contract on DTI’s pipeline is subscribed with long-term
contracts (two years or greater). The remaining 4% is contracted on a year-to-year basis. Less than 1% of firm transportation capacity is currently unsubscribed. Less than 1% of storage services are unsubscribed. All contracted storage is subscribed
with long-term contracts.    Revenue from processing and fractionation operations largely results from the sale of commodities at
market prices. For DTI’s processing plants, Dominion Gas receives the wet gas product from producers and may retain the extracted NGLs as compensation for its services. This exposes Dominion Gas to commodity price risk for the value
of the spread between the NGL products and natural gas. In addition, Dominion Gas has volumetric risk as customers receiving these services are not required to deliver minimum quantities of gas.  
 East Ohio utilizes a straight-fixed-variable rate design for a majority of its customers. Under this rate design, East Ohio recovers a
large portion of its fixed operating costs through a flat monthly charge accompanied by a reduced volumetric base delivery rate. Accordingly, East Ohio’s revenue is less impacted by weather-related fluctuations in natural gas consumption than
under the traditional rate design.    In addition to the operations of Dominion Gas,  the Dominion Energy Operating Segment of
Dominion  also includes LNG operations, Hope’s gas distribution operations in West Virginia, and nonregulated retail natural gas marketing, as well as Dominion’s investments in the Blue Racer joint venture, Atlantic Coast Pipeline and
Dominion Midstream. See  Properties and Investments  below for additional information regarding the Atlantic Coast Pipeline investment. Dominion’s LNG operations involve the import and storage of LNG at Cove Point and the transportation of
regasified LNG to the interstate pipeline grid and mid-Atlantic and Northeast markets. Dominion has received DOE and FERC approval to export LNG from Cove Point and has begun construction on a bi-directional facility, which will be able to import
LNG and vaporize it as natural gas and liquefy natural gas and export it as LNG. See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.    In 2014, Dominion formed Dominion Midstream, an MLP initially consisting of a preferred equity interest in Cove Point. See  General  above for more information. Also see  Acquisitions and 
 Dispositions  above and Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of Dominion’s acquisition of DCG, which Dominion contributed to Dominion Midstream in April 2015, as well as Dominion Midstream’s acquisition
of an additional partnership interest in Iroquois in September 2015.
 
  Blue Racer concentrates on building and operating new gathering, processing, fractionation
and NGL transportation assets as the development of the Utica Shale formation increases. Dominion has contributed or sold various assets to the joint venture. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information.  
 Dominion Energy’s existing five-year investment plan includes spending approximately $7.3 billion from 2016 through 2020 to upgrade
existing infrastructure or add new pipelines to meet growing energy needs within its service territory and maintain reliability. Demand for natural gas is expected to continue to grow as the Clean Power Plan and other initiatives to transition to
gas from more carbon-intensive fuels are implemented. This plan includes spending for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project and approximately $1.4 billion, exclusive of financing costs, for the Liquefaction Project.  
 In addition to the earnings drivers noted above for Dominion Gas, earnings for the  Dominion Energy Operating Segment of Dominion
 primarily include the results of rates established by FERC and the West Virginia Commission. Additionally, Dominion Energy receives revenue from firm fee-based contractual arrangements, including negotiated rates, for certain LNG storage and
regasification services. Hope’s gas distribution operations in West Virginia serve residential, commercial and industrial gas sales, transportation and gathering service customers. Revenue provided by Hope’s operations is based primarily
on rates established by the West Virginia Commission. DCG’s revenues are primarily derived from reservation charges for firm transportation services as provided for in its FERC approved tariff. The profitability of these businesses is dependent
on their ability, through the rates they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable return on their capital investments. Variability in earnings results from changes in operating and maintenance expenditures, as well as changes
in rates and the demand for services, which are dependent on weather, changes in commodity prices and the economy. The processing and fractionation operations within Dominion Energy’s Blue Racer joint venture are primarily managed under
long-term fee-based contracts, which minimizes direct commodity price risk. However, commodity prices do impact customer demand for Blue Racer’s services.    Dominion’s retail energy marketing operations compete in nonregulated energy markets. In March 2014, Dominion completed the sale of its electric retail energy marketing business; however, it still
participates in the retail natural gas and energy-related products and services businesses. The remaining customer base includes approximately 1.3 million customer accounts. Dominion has a heavy concentration of natural gas customers in markets
where utilities have a long-standing commitment to customer choice, primarily in the states of Ohio and Pennsylvania.  
 C OMPETITION     Dominion
Energy Operating Segment—Dominion and Dominion Gas    Dominion Gas’ natural gas transmission operations compete with domestic and
Canadian pipeline companies. Dominion Gas also competes with gas marketers seeking to provide or arrange transportation, storage and other services. Alternative energy sources, such as oil or coal, provide another level of competition. Although
competition is based primarily on price, the array of services that    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 16 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
can be provided to customers is also an important factor. The combination of capacity rights held on certain long-line pipelines, a large storage capability and the availability of numerous
receipt and delivery points along its own pipeline system enable Dominion to tailor its services to meet the needs of individual customers.    DTI’s processing and fractionation operations face competition in obtaining natural gas supplies for its processing and related services. Numerous factors impact any given customer’s choice of
processing services provider, including the location of the facilities, efficiency and reliability of operations, and the pricing arrangements offered.    In Ohio, there has been no legislation enacted to require supplier choice for natural gas distribution consumers. However, East Ohio has offered an Energy Choice program to residential and commercial
customers since October 2000. East Ohio has since taken various steps approved by the Ohio Commission toward exiting the merchant function, including restructuring its commodity service and placing Energy Choice-eligible customers in a direct retail
relationship with participating suppliers. Further, in April 2013, East Ohio fully exited the merchant function for its nonresidential customers, which are now required to choose a retail supplier or be assigned to one at a monthly variable rate set
by the supplier. At December 31, 2015, approximately 1 million of East Ohio’s 1.2 million Ohio customers were participating in the Energy Choice program.    Dominion Energy Operating Segment—Dominion    For Hope, West Virginia does not allow
customers to choose their provider in its retail natural gas markets at this time. See  Regulation-State Regulations-Gas  for additional information.    Cove Point’s gas transportation, LNG import and storage operations, as well as the Liquefaction Project’s capacity are contracted primarily under long-term fixed reservation fee agreements.
However, in the future Cove Point may compete with other independent terminal operators as well as major oil and gas companies on the basis of terminal location, services provided and price. Competition from terminal operators primarily comes from
refiners and distribution companies with marketing and trading arms.    DCG’s pipeline system generates a substantial
portion of its revenue from long-term firm contracts for transportation services and is therefore insulated from competitive factors during the terms of the contracts. When these long-term contracts expire, DCG’s pipeline system faces
competitive pressures from similar facilities that serve the South Carolina and southeastern Georgia area in terms of location, rates, terms of service, and flexibility and reliability of service.  
 Dominion’s retail energy marketing operations compete against incumbent utilities and other energy marketers in nonregulated energy
markets for natural gas. Customers in these markets have the right to select a retail marketer and typically do so based upon price savings or price stability; however, incumbent utilities have the advantage of long-standing relationships with their
customers and greater name recognition in their markets.
 
  R EGULATION     Dominion Energy Operating Segment—Dominion and Dominion Gas    Dominion Gas’
natural gas transmission, storage, processing and gathering operations are regulated primarily by FERC. East Ohio’s gas distribution operations, including the rates that it may charge to customers, are regulated by the Ohio Commission. See
 State Regulations  and  Federal Regulations  in  Regulation  for more information.    Dominion Energy Operating
Segment—Dominion    Cove Point’s and DCG’s operations are regulated primarily by FERC. Hope’s gas distribution
operations, including the rates that it may charge customers, are regulated by the West Virginia Commission. See  State Regulations  and  Federal Regulations  in  Regulation  for more information.  
 P ROPERTIES   AND  I NVESTMENTS     For a description of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ existing facilities see Item 2. Properties .     Dominion Energy Operating Segment—Dominion and Dominion Gas    Dominion Gas has the
following significant projects under construction or development to better serve customers or expand its service offerings within its service territory.    In July 2013, East Ohio signed long-term precedent agreements with two customers to move 320,000 Dths per day of processed gas from the outlet of new gas processing facilities in Ohio to interconnections
with multiple interstate pipelines. The first phase of the Western Access project provides system enhancements to facilitate the movement of processed gas over East Ohio’s system. The initial phase of the project was completed in the fourth
quarter of 2014 and cost approximately $85 million. During the second and third quarters of 2014, East Ohio executed long-term precedent agreements with customers for 450,000 Dths per day of service to new interconnects with interstate
pipelines. This second phase of the Western Access project will expand the number of interstate pipelines to which East Ohio will deliver processed gas to four. East Ohio commenced service to the Western Access II project customers in January
2016 at a cost of approximately $130 million.    In September 2014, DTI announced its intent to construct and operate the Supply
Header project which is expected to cost approximately $500 million and provide 1,500,000 Dths per day of firm transportation service to various customers. In October 2014, DTI requested authorization to use FERC’s pre-filing process. The
application to request FERC authorization to construct and operate the project facilities was filed in September 2015, with the facilities expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of 2018. In December 2014, DTI entered into a precedent
agreement with Atlantic Coast Pipeline for the Supply Header project.    In June 2014, DTI executed binding precedent agreements
with two power generators for the Leidy South project. In November 2014, one of the power generators assigned a portion of its capacity to an affiliate, bringing the total number of project customers to three. The project is expected to cost
approximately    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 17 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
$210 million and provide 155,000 Dths per day of firm transportation service from Clinton County, Pennsylvania to Loudoun County, Virginia. The application to request FERC authorization to
construct and operate the project facilities was filed in May 2015. Service under the 20-year contracts is expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2017.    During the second quarter of 2014, DTI executed a binding precedent agreement with a customer for the Monroe-to-Cornwell project. The project is expected to cost approximately $70 million and provide
205,000 Dths per day of firm transportation service from Monroe County, Ohio to an interconnect near Cornwell, West Virginia. In December 2015, DTI received FERC authorization to construct, operate and maintain the project facilities, which are
expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of 2016. Construction is expected to commence in March 2016.    In the first
quarter of 2014, DTI executed a binding precedent agreement for the Lebanon West II project. The project is expected to cost approximately $112 million and provide 130,000 Dths per day of firm transportation service from Butler County, Pennsylvania
to an interconnect with Texas Gas Pipeline in Lebanon, Ohio. In November 2015, DTI received FERC authorization to construct, operate and maintain the project facilities, which are expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of 2016. Construction
commenced in January 2016.    In September 2013, DTI executed binding precedent agreements with several local distribution
company customers for the New Market project. The project is expected to cost approximately $159 million and provide 112,000 Dths per day of firm transportation service from Leidy, Pennsylvania to interconnects with Iroquois and Niagara Mohawk Power
Corporation’s distribution system in the Albany, New York market. In June 2014, DTI filed an application to request FERC authorization to construct, operate and maintain the project facilities, which are expected to be in service in the fourth
quarter of 2016.    In October 2013, DTI executed a binding precedent agreement with CNX Gas Company LLC for the Clarington
project. The project is expected to cost approximately $78 million and provide 250,000 Dths per day of firm transportation service from central West Virginia to Clarington, Ohio. In August 2015, DTI received FERC authorization to construct, operate
and maintain the project facilities. Construction commenced in December 2015. The project is expected to be placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2016.    In 2008, East Ohio began PIR, aimed at replacing approximately 4,100 miles of its pipeline system at a cost of $2.7 billion. In 2011, approval was obtained to include an additional 1,450 miles and to
increase annual capital investment to meet the program goal. The program will replace approximately 25% of the pipeline system and is anticipated to take place over a total of 25 years.  
 In October 2015, DTI filed an application with FERC seeking authority to abandon by sale its gathering and processing facilities to
Dominion Gathering and Processing, Inc., a newly-formed wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Gas. Pending approval by FERC, these gathering and processing facilities with a carrying value of approximately $430 million are expected to be transferred
in 2016.  
  Dominion Energy Operating Segment—Dominion  
 Dominion has the following significant projects under construction or development.  
 Cove Point —Dominion is pursuing the Liquefaction Project, which would enable Cove Point to liquefy domestically-produced
natural gas for export as LNG. The DOE previously authorized Dominion to export LNG to countries with free trade agreements. In September 2013, the DOE authorized Dominion to export LNG from Cove Point to non-free trade agreement countries.
   In May 2014, the FERC staff issued its EA for the Liquefaction Project. In the EA, the FERC staff addressed a variety of
topics related to the proposed construction and development of the Liquefaction Project and its potential impact to the environment, and determined that with the implementation of appropriate mitigation measures, the Liquefaction Project can be
built and operated safely with no significant impact to the environment. In September 2014, Cove Point received the FERC order authorizing the Liquefaction Project with certain conditions. The conditions regarding the Liquefaction Project set forth
in the FERC order largely incorporate the mitigation measures proposed in the EA. In October 2014, Cove Point commenced construction of the Liquefaction Project, with an in-service date anticipated in late 2017. The Cove Point facility is authorized
to export at a rate of 770 million cubic feet of natural gas per day for a period of 20 years.    In April 2013, Dominion
announced it had fully subscribed the capacity of the project with 20-year terminal service agreements. ST Cove Point, LLC, a joint venture of Sumitomo Corporation, a Japanese corporation that is one of the world’s leading trading companies,
and Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd., a Japanese corporation that is the largest natural gas utility in Japan, and GAIL Global (USA) LNG LLC, a wholly-owned indirect U.S. subsidiary of GAIL (India) Ltd., have each contracted for half of the capacity. Following
completion of the front-end engineering and design work, Dominion also announced it had awarded its EPC contract for new liquefaction facilities to IHI/Kiewit Cove Point, a joint venture between IHI E&C International Corporation and Kiewit
Energy Company.    Cove Point has historically operated as an LNG import facility under various long-term import contracts. Since
2010, Dominion has renegotiated certain existing LNG import contracts in a manner that will result in a significant reduction in pipeline and storage capacity utilization and associated anticipated revenues during the period from 2017 through 2028.
Such amendments created the opportunity for Dominion to explore the Liquefaction Project, which, assuming it becomes operational, will extend the economic life of Cove Point and contribute to Dominion’s overall growth plan. In total, these
renegotiations reduced Cove Point’s expected annual revenues from the import-related contracts by approximately $150 million from 2017 through 2028, partially offset by approximately $50 million of additional revenues in the years 2013 through
2017.    In 2014, DCG executed binding precedent agreements with three customers for the Transco-to-Charleston project. The
project is expected to cost approximately $120 million, and provide 80,000 Dths per day of firm transportation service from an existing interconnect with Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC in Spartanburg County, South Carolina to customers
in Dillon, Marlboro, Sumter, Charleston, Lexington and Richland    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 18 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
counties, South Carolina. In July 2015, DCG requested authorization to utilize FERC’s pre-filing process. DCG expects to file the application to request FERC authorization to
construct and operate the project facilities in the first quarter of 2016. The project is expected to be placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2017.    Dominion Energy Equity Method Investments —In September 2015, Dominion, through Dominion Midstream, acquired an additional 25.93% interest in Iroquois. Dominion Gas holds a 24.72% interest
with TransCanada holding a 44.48% interest and TEN Transmission Company holding a 4.87% interest. Iroquois owns and operates a 416-mile FERC regulated interstate natural gas pipeline providing service to local gas distribution companies, electric
utilities and electric power generators, as well as marketers and other end users, through interconnecting pipelines and exchanges. Iroquois’ pipeline extends from the U.S.-Canadian border at Waddington, New York through the state of
Connecticut to South Commack, Long Island, New York and continuing on from Northport, Long Island, New York through the Long Island Sound to Hunts Point, Bronx, New York. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
information about Dominion’s equity method investment in Iroquois.    In September 2014, Dominion, along with Duke Energy,
Piedmont and AGL, announced the formation of Atlantic Coast Pipeline. The members, which are subsidiaries of the above-referenced parent companies, hold the following membership interests: Dominion, 45%; Duke Energy, 40%; Piedmont, 10%; and AGL, 5%.
In October 2015, Duke Energy entered into a merger agreement with Piedmont. The Atlantic Coast Pipeline partnership agreement includes provisions to allow Dominion an option to purchase additional ownership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline
to maintain a leading ownership percentage. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is focused on constructing an approximately 600-mile natural gas pipeline running from West Virginia through Virginia to North Carolina, which has a total expected cost of $4.5
billion to $5.0 billion, excluding financing costs. In October 2014, Atlantic Coast Pipeline requested approval from FERC to utilize the pre-filing process under which environmental review for the natural gas pipeline project will commence. It filed
its FERC application in September 2015 and expects to be in service in late 2018. The project is subject to FERC, state and other federal approvals. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about Dominion’s
equity method investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline.    In December 2012, Dominion formed Blue Racer with Caiman to provide
midstream services to natural gas producers operating in the Utica Shale region in Ohio and portions of Pennsylvania. Blue Racer is an equal partnership between Dominion and Caiman, with Dominion contributing midstream assets and Caiman contributing
private equity capital. Midstream services offered by Blue Racer include gathering, processing, fractionation, and natural gas liquids transportation and marketing. Blue Racer is expected to leverage Dominion’s existing presence in the Utica
region with significant additional new capacity designed to meet producer needs as the development of the Utica Shale formation increases. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about Dominion’s equity
method investment in Blue Racer.  
  S OURCES   OF  E NERGY  S UPPLY   
 Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ natural gas supply is obtained from various sources including purchases from major and independent producers in the
Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, local producers in the Appalachian area and gas marketers. Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ large underground natural gas storage network and the location of their pipeline systems are a significant link
between the country’s major interstate gas pipelines and large markets in the Northeast and mid-Atlantic regions. Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pipelines are part of an interconnected gas transmission system, which provides access to
supplies nationwide for local distribution companies, marketers, power generators and industrial and commercial customers.  
 Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ underground storage facilities play an important part in balancing gas supply with consumer demand
and are essential to serving the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. In addition, storage capacity is an important element in the effective management of both gas supply and pipeline transmission capacity.  
 The supply of gas to serve Dominion’s retail energy marketing customers is procured through market wholesalers or by Dominion Energy.
   S EASONALITY   
 Dominion Energy’s natural gas distribution business earnings vary seasonally, as a result of the impact of changes in temperature on demand by
residential and commercial customers for gas to meet heating needs. Historically, the majority of these earnings have been generated during the heating season, which is generally from November to March; however, implementation of the
straight-fixed-variable rate design at East Ohio has reduced the earnings impact of weather-related fluctuations. Demand for services at Dominion’s pipeline and storage business can also be weather sensitive. Earnings are also impacted by
changes in commodity prices driven by seasonal weather changes, the effects of unusual weather events on operations and the economy.    The earnings of Dominion’s retail energy marketing operations also vary seasonally. Generally, the demand for gas peaks during the winter months to meet heating needs.  
 Corporate and Other    Corporate and Other
Segment—Virginia Power and Dominion Gas    Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ Corporate and Other segments primarily include
certain specific items attributable to their operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments.  
 Corporate and Other Segment—Dominion  
 Dominion’s Corporate and Other segment includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) and the net impact of
operations that are discontinued, which is discussed in Note 3 and Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion’s operating segments that are not included in
profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 19 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
    
 R EGULATION     The Companies
are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities, including the Virginia Commission, North Carolina Commission, Ohio Commission, West Virginia Commission, Maryland Commission, SEC, FERC, EPA, DOE, NRC, Army Corps of
Engineers, and the Department of Transportation.    State Regulations    E LECTRIC     Virginia Power’s electric utility retail service is subject
to regulation by the Virginia Commission and the North Carolina Commission.    Virginia Power holds CPCNs which authorize it to
maintain and operate its electric facilities now in operation and to sell electricity to customers. However, Virginia Power may not construct generating facilities or large capacity transmission lines without the prior approval of various state and
federal government agencies. In addition, the Virginia Commission and the North Carolina Commission regulate Virginia Power’s transactions with affiliates, transfers of certain facilities and the issuance of certain securities.  
 Electric Regulation in Virginia    The Regulation Act
enacted in 2007 instituted a cost-of-service rate model, ending Virginia’s planned transition to retail competition for electric supply service to most classes of customers.  
 The Regulation Act authorizes stand-alone rate adjustment clauses for recovery of costs for new generation projects, FERC-approved
transmission costs, underground distribution lines, environmental compliance, conservation and energy efficiency programs and renewable energy programs, and also contains statutory provisions directing Virginia Power to file annual fuel cost
recovery cases with the Virginia Commission. As amended, it provides for enhanced returns on capital expenditures on specific newly-proposed generation projects.    If the Virginia Commission’s future rate decisions, including actions relating to Virginia Power’s rate adjustment clause filings, differ materially from Virginia Power’s expectations, it
may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.    Regulation Act Legislation  
 In February 2015, the Virginia Governor signed legislation into law which will keep Virginia Power’s base rates unchanged until at least December 1,
2022. In addition, no biennial reviews will be conducted by the Virginia Commission for the five successive 12-month test periods beginning January 1, 2015, and ending December 31, 2019. The legislation states that Virginia Power’s 2015
biennial review, filed in March 2015, would proceed for the sole purpose of reviewing and determining whether any refunds are due to customers based on earnings performance for generation and distribution services during the 2013 and 2014 test
periods. In addition the legislation requires the Virginia Commission to conduct proceedings in 2017 and 2019 to determine the utility’s ROE for use in connection with rate adjustment clauses and requires utilities to file integrated resource
plans annually rather than biennially. However, in November 2015, the Virginia Commission ordered testimony, briefs and separate bifurcated
 

  
hearing in Virginia Power’s currently pending Rider B, Rider R, Rider S and Rider W cases on whether the Virginia Commission can adjust the ROE applicable to these rate adjustment clauses
prior to 2017. The legislation also required Virginia Power to write-off $85 million of prior-period deferred fuel costs during the first quarter of 2015. In addition, the legislation required the Virginia Commission to implement a fuel rate
reduction for Virginia Power as soon as practicable based on this non-recovery as well as any over-recovery for the 2014-2015 fuel year and projected fuel expense for the 2015-2016 fuel year. The legislation also deems the construction or purchase
of one or more utility-scale solar facilities located in Virginia up to 500 MW in total to be in the public interest.    2015 Biennial Review
   Pursuant to the Regulation Act, in March 2015, Virginia Power filed its base rate case and schedules for the Virginia Commission’s
2015 biennial review of Virginia Power’s rates, terms and conditions. Per legislation enacted in February 2015, this biennial review was limited to reviewing Virginia Power’s earnings on rates for generation and distribution services for
the combined 2013 and 2014 test period, and determining whether credits are due to customers in the event Virginia Power’s earnings exceeded the earnings band determined in the 2013 Biennial Review Order. In November 2015, the Virginia
Commission issued the 2015 Biennial Review Order.    After deciding several contested regulatory earnings adjustments, the
Virginia Commission ruled that Virginia Power earned on average an ROE of approximately 10.89% on its generation and distribution services for the combined 2013 and 2014 test periods. Because this ROE was more than 70 basis points above Virginia
Power’s authorized ROE of 10.0%, the Virginia Commission ordered that approximately $20 million in excess earnings be credited to customer bills based on usage in 2013 and 2014 over a six-month period beginning within 60 days of the 2015
Biennial Review Order. Based upon 2015 legislation keeping Virginia Power’s base rates unchanged until at least December 1, 2022, the Virginia Commission did not order certain existing rate adjustment clauses to be combined with Virginia
Power’s base rates. The Virginia Commission did not determine whether Virginia Power had a revenue deficiency or sufficiency when projecting the annual revenues generated by base rates to the revenues required to recover costs of service and
earn a fair return. In December 2015, a group of large industrial customers filed notices of appeal with the Supreme Court of Virginia from both the 2015 Biennial Review Order and the Virginia Commission’s order denying their petition for
rehearing or reconsideration. This appeal is pending.    See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.    Electric Regulation in North Carolina    Virginia Power’s retail electric base rates in North Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to North Carolina statutes and the rules and procedures of the North
Carolina Commission. North Carolina base rates are set by a process that allows Virginia Power to recover its operating costs and an ROIC. If retail electric earnings exceed the authorized ROE established by the North Carolina Commission,
retail electric    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 20 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the North Carolina Commission, which may decrease Virginia Power’s future earnings. Additionally, if the North Carolina Commission
does not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted. Fuel rates are subject to revision under annual fuel cost adjustment proceedings.  
 Virginia Power’s transmission service rates in North Carolina are regulated by the North Carolina Commission as part of Virginia
Power’s bundled retail service to North Carolina customers. In March 2012, Virginia Power filed an application with the North Carolina Commission to increase base non-fuel revenues with January 1, 2013 as the proposed effective date for
the permanent rate revision. In December 2012, the North Carolina Commission approved a $36 million increase in Virginia Power’s annual non-fuel base revenues based on an authorized ROE of 10.2%, and a $14 million decrease in annual base fuel
revenues for a combined total base revenue increase of $22 million. These rate changes became effective on January 1, 2013. Following an appeal to the Supreme Court of North Carolina, the North Carolina Commission issued an opinion reaffirming
its 10.2% ROE determination in July 2015.    In August 2015, Virginia Power submitted its annual filing to the North Carolina
Commission to adjust the fuel component of its electric rates. Virginia Power proposed an $11 million decrease to the fuel component of its electric rates for the rate year beginning January 1, 2016. This decrease includes the North Carolina
Commission’s previous approval to defer recovering 50% of Virginia Power’s estimated $17 million jurisdictional deferred fuel balance to the 2016 fuel year, without interest. In December 2015, the North Carolina Commission approved
Virginia Power’s proposed fuel charge adjustment.    See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.    G AS     East Ohio’s natural gas distribution services, including the rates it may charge its customers, are regulated by the Ohio Commission. Hope’s natural gas distribution services are regulated by
the West Virginia Commission.    Gas Regulation in Ohio    East Ohio is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its business by the Ohio Commission. When necessary, East Ohio seeks general base rate increases to recover increased operating costs and a
fair return on rate base investments. Base rates are set based on the cost of service by rate class. A straight-fixed-variable rate design, in which the majority of operating costs are recovered through a monthly charge rather than a volumetric
charge, is utilized to establish rates for a majority of East Ohio’s customers pursuant to a 2008 rate case settlement which included an authorized ROE of 10.38%.    In addition to general base rate increases, East Ohio makes routine filings with the Ohio Commission to reflect changes in the costs of gas purchased for operational balancing on its system. These
purchased gas costs are subject to rate recovery through a mechanism that ensures dollar for dollar recovery of prudently incurred costs. Costs that are expected to be recovered in future rates are deferred as regulatory assets. The rider filings
cover
 

  
unrecovered gas costs plus prospective annual demand costs. Increases or decreases in gas cost rider rates result in increases or decreases in revenues with corresponding increases or decreases
in net purchased gas cost expenses.    The Ohio Commission has also approved several stand-alone cost recovery mechanisms to
recover specified costs and a return for infrastructure projects and certain other costs that vary widely over time; such costs are excluded from general base rates. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
   Gas Regulation in West Virginia  
 Dominion’s gas distribution subsidiary is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its business by the West Virginia Commission. When
necessary, Hope seeks general base rate increases to recover increased operating costs and a fair return on rate base investments. Base rates are set based on the cost of service by rate class. Base rates for Hope are designed primarily based on
rate design methodology in which the majority of operating costs are recovered through volumetric charges.    In addition to
general rate increases, Hope makes routine separate filings with the West Virginia Commission to reflect changes in the costs of purchased gas. The majority of these purchased gas costs are subject to rate recovery through a mechanism that ensures
dollar for dollar recovery of prudently incurred costs. Costs that are expected to be recovered in future rates are deferred as regulatory assets. The purchased gas cost recovery filings generally cover a prospective twelve-month period. Approved
increases or decreases in gas cost recovery rates result in increases or decreases in revenues with corresponding increases or decreases in net purchased gas cost expenses.    Legislation was passed in West Virginia authorizing a stand-alone cost recovery mechanism to recover specified costs and a return for infrastructure upgrades, replacements and expansions between general
base rate cases.    Status of Competitive Retail Gas Services    Both of the states in which Dominion and Dominion Gas have gas distribution operations have considered legislation regarding a competitive deregulation of natural gas sales at the retail level.
   Ohio —Since October 2000, East Ohio has offered the Energy Choice program, under which residential and commercial
customers are encouraged to purchase gas directly from retail suppliers or through a community aggregation program. In October 2006, East Ohio restructured its commodity service by entering into gas purchase contracts with selected suppliers at a
fixed price above the New York Mercantile Exchange month-end settlement and passing that gas cost to customers under the Standard Service Offer program. Starting in April 2009, East Ohio buys natural gas under the Standard Service Offer program only
for customers not eligible to participate in the Energy Choice program and places Energy Choice-eligible customers in a direct retail relationship with selected suppliers, which is designated on the customers’ bills.   
 In January 2013, the Ohio Commission granted East Ohio’s motion to fully exit the merchant function for its nonresidential customers,
beginning in April 2013, which requires those customers to choose a retail supplier or be assigned to one at a monthly variable rate set by the supplier. At December 31, 2015,
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 21 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
approximately 1.0 million of Dominion Gas’ 1.2 million Ohio customers were participating in the Energy Choice program. Subject to the Ohio Commission’s approval, East Ohio may
eventually exit the gas merchant function in Ohio entirely and have all customers select an alternate gas supplier. East Ohio continues to be the provider of last resort in the event of default by a supplier. Large industrial customers in Ohio also
source their own natural gas supplies.    West Virginia —At this time, West Virginia has not enacted legislation
allowing customers to choose providers in the retail natural gas markets served by Hope. However, the West Virginia Commission has issued regulations to govern pooling services, one of the tools that natural gas suppliers may utilize to provide
retail customers a choice in the future and has issued rules requiring competitive gas service providers to be licensed in West Virginia.   
 Federal Regulations    F EDERAL 
E NERGY  R EGULATORY  C OMMISSION     Electric    Under the Federal Power Act, FERC regulates wholesale sales and transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public utilities. Virginia Power purchases and sells electricity in the PJM wholesale
market and Dominion’s merchant generators sell electricity in the PJM, MISO, CAISO and ISO-NE wholesale markets, and to wholesale purchasers in the states of Tennessee, Georgia, California and Utah, under Dominion’s market-based sales
tariffs authorized by FERC. In addition, Virginia Power has FERC approval of a tariff to sell wholesale power at capped rates based on its embedded cost of generation. This cost-based sales tariff could be used to sell to loads within or outside
Virginia Power’s service territory. Any such sales would be voluntary.    Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to
FERC’s Standards of Conduct that govern conduct between transmission function employees of interstate gas and electricity transmission providers and the marketing function employees of their affiliates. The rule defines the scope of
transmission and marketing-related functions that are covered by the standards and is designed to prevent transmission providers from giving their affiliates undue preferences.    Dominion and Virginia Power are also subject to FERC’s affiliate restrictions that (1) prohibit power sales between Virginia Power and Dominion’s merchant plants without first receiving
FERC authorization, (2) require the merchant plants and Virginia Power to conduct their wholesale power sales operations separately, and (3) prohibit Virginia Power from sharing market information with merchant plant operating personnel.
The rules are designed to prohibit Virginia Power from giving the merchant plants a competitive advantage.    EPACT included
provisions to create an ERO. The ERO is required to promulgate mandatory reliability standards governing the operation of the bulk power system in the U.S. FERC has certified NERC as the ERO and also issued an initial order approving many
reliability standards that went into effect in 2007. Entities that violate standards will be subject to fines of up to $1 million per day, per violation and can also be assessed non-monetary penalties, depending upon the nature and severity of the
violation.  
  Dominion and Virginia Power plan and operate their facilities in compliance with approved
NERC reliability requirements. Dominion and Virginia Power employees participate on various NERC committees, track the development and implementation of standards, and maintain proper compliance registration with NERC’s regional organizations.
Dominion and Virginia Power anticipate incurring additional compliance expenditures over the next several years as a result of the implementation of new cybersecurity programs as well as efforts to ensure appropriate facility ratings for Virginia
Power’s transmission lines. In October 2010, NERC issued an industry alert identifying possible discrepancies between the design and actual field conditions of transmission facilities as a potential reliability issue. The alert recommends that
entities review their current facilities rating methodology to verify that the methodology is based on actual field conditions, rather than solely on design documents, and to take corrective action if necessary. Virginia Power has evaluated its
transmission facilities for any discrepancies between design and actual field conditions and has taken necessary corrective actions. In addition, NERC has redefined critical assets which expanded the number of assets subject to NERC reliability
standards, including cybersecurity assets. While Dominion and Virginia Power expect to incur additional compliance costs in connection with the above NERC requirements and initiatives, such expenses are not expected to significantly affect results
of operations.    In April 2008, FERC granted an application for Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations to
establish a forward-looking formula rate mechanism that updates transmission rates on an annual basis and approved an ROE of 11.4%, effective as of January 1, 2008. The formula rate is designed to recover the expected revenue requirement for
each calendar year and is updated based on actual costs. The FERC-approved formula method, which is based on projected costs, allows Virginia Power to earn a current return on its growing investment in electric transmission infrastructure.
   Gas    FERC regulates the transportation
and sale for resale of natural gas in interstate commerce under the Natural Gas Act of 1938 and the Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978, as amended. Under the Natural Gas Act, FERC has authority over rates, terms and conditions of services performed by
DTI, DCG, Iroquois and certain services performed by Cove Point. Pursuant to FERC’s February 2014 approval of DTI’s uncontested settlement offer, DTI’s base rates for storage and transportation services are subject to a moratorium
through the end of 2016. The design, construction and operation of Cove Point’s LNG facility, including associated natural gas pipelines, the Liquefaction Project and the import and export of LNG are also regulated by FERC.  
 Dominion Gas’ interstate gas transmission and storage activities are conducted on an open access basis, in accordance with
certificates, tariffs and service agreements on file with FERC and FERC regulations.    Dominion Gas operates in compliance with
FERC standards of conduct, which prohibit the sharing of certain non-public transmission information or customer specific data by its interstate gas transmission and storage companies with non-transmission function employees. Pursuant to these
standards of conduct, Dominion Gas also makes certain informational postings available on Dominion’s website.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 22 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
   Safety Regulations    Dominion Gas is
also subject to the Pipeline Safety Improvement Act of 2002 and the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty and Job Creation Act of 2011, which mandate inspections of interstate and intrastate natural gas transmission and storage pipelines,
particularly those located in areas of high-density population. Dominion Gas has evaluated its natural gas transmission and storage properties, as required by the Department of Transportation regulations under these Acts, and has implemented a
program of identification, testing and potential remediation activities. These activities are ongoing.    The Companies are
subject to a number of federal and state laws and regulations, including Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and comparable state statutes, whose purpose is to protect the health and safety of workers. The Companies have an internal
safety, health and security program designed to monitor and enforce compliance with worker safety requirements, which is routinely reviewed and considered for improvement. The Companies believe that they are in material compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations related to worker health and safety. Nothwithstanding these preventive measures, incidents may occur that are outside of the Companies’ control.    Environmental Regulations    Each of the Companies’ operating segments faces substantial laws,
regulations and compliance costs with respect to environmental matters. In addition to imposing continuing compliance obligations, these laws and regulations authorize the imposition of substantial penalties for noncompliance, including fines,
injunctive relief and other sanctions. The cost of complying with applicable environmental laws, regulations and rules is expected to be material to the Companies. There are significant new regulations affecting Dominion’s electric generation
and gas businesses in the Clean Power Plan and NSPS regulating methane and VOC emissions, respectively. If expenditures for GHG emissions reductions and pollution control technologies and associated operating costs are not recoverable from customers
through regulated rates (in regulated businesses) or market prices (in unregulated businesses), those costs could adversely affect future results of operations and cash flows. The Companies have applied for or obtained the necessary environmental
permits for the operation of their facilities. Many of these permits are subject to reissuance and continuing review. For a discussion of significant aspects of these matters, including current and planned capital expenditures relating to
environmental compliance required to be discussed in this Item, see  Environmental Matters  in  Future Issues and Other Matters  in Item 7. MD&A, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Additional information can
also be found in Item 3. Legal Proceedings and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference.    G LOBAL  C LIMATE  C HANGE     The national and
international attention in recent years on GHG emissions and their relationship to climate change has resulted in federal, regional and state legislative and regulatory action in this area. See, for example, the discussion of the Clean Power Plan
 

  
and the United Nation’s Paris Agreement in  Environmental  Matters  in   Future Issues and Other  Matters  in Item 7. MD&A. The Companies support national
climate change legislation that would provide a consistent, economy-wide approach to addressing this issue and are currently taking action to protect the environment and address climate change while meeting the growing needs of their service
territory. The Companies are actively developing plans to comply with new Clean Power Plan and NSPS regulations for new and existing electric generating sources and its natural gas business. Dominion’s CEO and operating segment CEOs are
responsible for compliance with the laws and regulations governing environmental matters, including climate change, and Dominion’s Board of Directors receives periodic updates on these matters. See  Environmental Strategy  below ,
Environmental Matters  in  Future Issues and Other Matters  in Item 7. MD&A and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on climate change legislation and regulation, which information is incorporated herein
by reference.    W ATER     The CWA is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate discharges to surface waters with strong enforcement mechanisms.
Dominion must comply with applicable aspects of the CWA programs at its operating facilities.    T HREATENED  A ND 
E NDANGERED  S PECIES     The Endangered Species Act establishes prohibitions on activities that can result in harm
of specific species of plants and animals. In some cases those prohibitions could result in impacts to the viability of projects or requirements for capital expenditures to reduce a facility’s impacts on a species.  
 Nuclear Regulatory Commission    All aspects of the
operation and maintenance of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear power stations are regulated by the NRC. Operating licenses issued by the NRC are subject to revocation, suspension or modification, and the operation of a nuclear unit
may be suspended if the NRC determines that the public interest, health or safety so requires.    From time to time, the NRC
adopts new requirements for the operation and maintenance of nuclear facilities. In many cases, these new regulations require changes in the design, operation and maintenance of existing nuclear facilities. If the NRC adopts such requirements in the
future, it could result in substantial increases in the cost of operating and maintaining Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear generating units. See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.  
 The NRC also requires Dominion and Virginia Power to decontaminate their nuclear facilities once operations cease. This process is
referred to as decommissioning, and Dominion and Virginia Power are required by the NRC to be financially prepared. For information on decommissioning trusts, see  Dominion   Generation-Nuclear Decommissioning  above and Note 9 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on spent nuclear fuel.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 23 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
    
 E NVIRONMENTAL  S TRATEGY     Environmental stewardship is embedded in the Companies’ culture and core values and is the responsibility of all employees. They are committed to working with their stakeholders to find sustainable
solutions to the energy and environmental challenges that confront our company and our nation. It is the Companies’ belief that sustainable solutions must balance the interdependent goals of environmental stewardship and economic prosperity.
Their integrated strategy to meet this objective consists of four major elements:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and rules;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Conservation and load management;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Renewable generation development; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   Improvements in other energy infrastructure, including natural gas operations.  
 This strategy incorporates the Companies’ efforts to voluntarily reduce GHG emissions, which are described below. See  Dominion
Generation-Properties  and  Dominion Energy-Properties  for more information on certain of the projects described below.    Environmental
Compliance    The Companies remain committed to compliance with applicable environmental laws, regulations and rules related to their
operations. As part of their commitment to compliance with such laws, Dominion and Virginia Power have sold or closed a number of coal-fired generation units over the past several years, and have plans to close additional units in the future. A
significant recent development in environmental regulation was the EPA’s issuance in August 2015 of final carbon standards for existing fossil fuel power plants known as the Clean Power Plan, which involves coordination with the states on
specific plans to reduce carbon emissions to specified levels. In February 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court stayed the Clean Power Plan pending resolution of litigation challenging the regulations. Additional information related to these and other of
the Companies’ environmental compliance matters can be found in  Operating Segments  and  Future Issues and Other Matters  in Item 7. MD&A and in Notes 3, 6 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Conservation and Load Management    Conservation and
load management play a significant role in meeting the growing demand for electricity. The Regulation Act provides incentives for energy conservation through the implementation of conservation programs. Additional legislation  
 in 2009 added definitions of peak-shaving and energy efficiency programs, and allowed for a margin on operating expenses and recovery of revenue
reductions related to energy efficiency programs.    Virginia Power’s DSM programs, implemented with Virginia Commission
approval, provide important incremental steps in assisting customers to reduce energy consumption through programs that include energy audits and incentives for customers to upgrade or install certain energy efficient measures and/or systems. The
DSM programs began in Virginia in 2010 and in North Carolina in 2011. Currently, there are residential and non-residential DSM programs active in the two states. Virginia Power continues to evaluate opportunities to redesign current DSM programs and
develop new DSM initiatives in Virginia and North Carolina.
 
  In Ohio, East Ohio offers three DSM programs, approved by the Ohio Commission, designed to
help customers reduce their energy consumption.    Virginia Power continues to upgrade meters to AMI, also referred to as smart
meters, in areas throughout Virginia. The AMI meter upgrades are part of an ongoing project that will help Virginia Power further evaluate the effectiveness of AMI meters in monitoring voltage stability, remotely turning off and on electric service,
power outage and restoration detection and reporting, remote daily meter readings and offering dynamic rates.    Renewable Generation  
 Renewable energy is also an important component of a diverse and reliable energy mix. Both Virginia and North Carolina have passed legislation setting
targets for renewable power. Virginia Power is committed to meeting Virginia’s goals of 12% of base year electric energy sales from renewable power sources by 2022, and 15% by 2025, and North Carolina’s Renewable Portfolio Standard of
12.5% by 2021 and plans to add utility solar capacity in Virginia.    See  Operating Segments  and Item 2. Properties
for additional information, including Dominion’s merchant solar properties.    Improvements in Other Energy Infrastructure  
 Virginia Power’s existing five-year investment plan includes significant capital expenditures to upgrade or add new electric transmission and
distribution lines, substations and other facilities to meet growing electricity demand within its service territory, maintain reliability and address environmental requirements. These enhancements are primarily aimed at meeting Virginia
Power’s continued goal of providing reliable service, and are intended to address both continued population growth and increases in electricity consumption by the typical consumer. An additional benefit will be added capacity to efficiently
deliver electricity from the renewable projects now being developed or to be developed in the future. See  Properties  in Item 1.,  Operating Segments, DVP  for additional information.  
 Dominion and Dominion Gas, in connection with their existing five-year investment plans, are also pursuing the construction or upgrade of
regulated infrastructure in their natural gas businesses. See  Properties and Investments  in Item 1.,  Operating Segments, Dominion Energy  for additional information, including natural gas infrastructure projects.  
 The Companies’ Strategy for Voluntarily Reducing GHG Emissions    The Companies have not established a standalone GHG emissions reduction target or timetable, but they are actively engaged in voluntary reduction efforts. The Companies have an integrated voluntary
strategy for reducing GHG emission intensity with diversification as its cornerstone. The six principal components of the strategy include initiatives that address electric energy management, electric energy production, electric energy delivery and
natural gas storage, transmission and delivery, as follows:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Enhance conservation and energy efficiency programs to help customers use energy wisely and reduce environmental impacts;  

 
 
 • 
   
   Expand the Companies’ renewable energy portfolio, principally wind power, solar, fuel cells and biomass, to help diversify the Companies’
fleet, meet state renewable energy targets and lower the carbon footprint;    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 24 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Evaluate other new generating capacity, including low emissions natural-gas fired and emissions-free nuclear units to meet customers’ future
electricity needs;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Construct new electric transmission infrastructure to modernize the grid, promote economic security and help deliver more green energy to population
centers where it is needed most;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Construct new natural gas infrastructure to expand availability of this cleaner fuel, to reduce emissions, and to promote energy and economic security
both in the U.S. and abroad; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   Implement and enhance voluntary methane mitigation measures through the EPA’s Natural Gas Star Program.  
 Since 2000, Dominion and Virginia Power have tracked the emissions of their electric generation fleet, which employs
a mix of fuel and renewable energy sources. Comparing annual year 2000 to annual year 2014, the entire electric generating fleet (based on ownership percentage) reduced its average CO 2  emissions rate per MWh of energy produced from electric generation by approximately 39%. Comparing annual year 2000 to
annual year 2014, the regulated electric generating fleet (based on ownership percentage) reduced its average
CO 2  emissions rate per MWh of energy produced from electric
generation by approximately 20%. Dominion and Virginia Power do not yet have final 2015 emissions data.  
 Dominion also developed a comprehensive GHG inventory for calendar year 2014. For Dominion Generation,
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s direct CO 2 
equivalent emissions, based on equity share (ownership), were 33.6 million metric tons and 30.1 million metric tons, respectively, in 2014, compared to 33.9 million metric tons and 30.2 million metric tons, respectively, in 2013.
For the DVP operating segment’s electric transmission and distribution operations, direct CO 2  equivalent emissions for 2014 were 75,671 metric tons, compared to 46,446 metric tons in 2013. The increase was due to new containing equipment purchased and installed to handle growth in the electric
transmission and distribution system. Although emissions from the equipment increased, the leak rate has remained relatively consistent at 1.1%. For 2014, DTI’s and Cove Point’s direct CO 2  equivalent emissions together were 1.3 million metric tons, and
Hope’s and East Ohio’s direct CO 2  equivalent
emissions together were 0.9 million metric tons, similar to 2013. Dominion’s GHG inventory follows all methodologies specified in the EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule, 40 CFR Part 98 for calculating emissions.  
         C YBERSECURITY     In an effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber
intrusions, the Companies have a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data and systems. In addition, the Companies are subject to mandatory cybersecurity regulatory
requirements, interface regularly with a wide range of external organizations, and participate in classified briefings to maintain an awareness of current cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities. The Companies’ current security posture and
regulatory compliance efforts are intended to address the evolving and changing cyber threats. See Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information.
 
   
   Item 1A. Risk Factors    The Companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. A number of
these factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see  Forward-Looking Statements  in
Item 7. MD&A.    The Companies’ results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather.
 Fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the Companies’ services. For example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas trans mission and distribution services. In addition, severe weather, including
hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters can disrupt operation of the Companies’ facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes
in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, the Companies’ operations could be adversely affected
and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather
events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures.     The rates of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations and Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations are subject to
regulatory review.  Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations is based primarily on rates
approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. The profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital
investment.    Virginia Power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission service are updated on an annual basis through
operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism, Virginia Power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission reflect the estimated cost of service for each calendar year. The difference in the estimated cost of
service and actual cost of service for each calendar year is included as an adjustment to the wholesale rates for electric transmission service in a subsequent calendar year. These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective
adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that Virginia Power’s wholesale revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. They are also subject to
retroactive corrections to the extent that the formula rate was not properly populated with the actual costs.    Similarly,
various rates and charges assessed by Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas transmission businesses are subject to review by FERC. Pursuant to FERC’s February 2014 approval of DTI’s uncontested settlement offer, DTI’s base rates
for storage and transportation services are subject to a moratorium through
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 25 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
the end of 2016. In addition, the rates of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas distribution businesses are subject to state regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. A
failure by us to support these rates could result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  
 Virginia Power’s base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by
the Virginia Commission on a biennial basis in a proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned ROE during a combined two-year historic test period, and the determination of Virginia Power’s authorized ROE
prospectively. Under certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act, Virginia Power may be required to share a portion of its earnings with customers through a refund process.  
 Legislation signed by the Virginia Governor in February 2015 suspends biennial reviews for the five successive 12-month test periods
beginning January 1, 2015 and ending December 31, 2019, and no changes will be made to Virginia Power’s existing base rates until at least December 1, 2022. During this period, Virginia Power bears the risk of any severe weather
events and natural disasters, the risk of asset impairments related to the early retirement of any generation facilities due to the implementation of the Clean Power Plan regulations, as well as an increase in general operating and financing costs,
and Virginia Power may not recover its associated costs through increases to base rates. If Virginia Power incurs any such significant additional expenses during this period, Virginia Power may not be able to recover its costs and/or earn a
reasonable return on capital investment, which could negatively affect Virginia Power’s future earnings.    Virginia
Power’s retail electric base rates for bundled generation, transmission, and distribution services to customers in North Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to North Carolina statutes, and the rules and
procedures of the North Carolina Commission. If retail electric earnings exceed the returns established by the North Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the North Carolina Commission, which
may decrease Virginia Power’s future earnings. Additionally, if the North Carolina Commission does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be
negatively impacted.    Governmental officials, stakeholders and advocacy groups may challenge these regulatory reviews. Such
challenges may lengthen the time, complexity and costs associated with such regulatory reviews.    The Companies are subject
to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the Companies to monetary penalties.  The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and
local regulation and require numerous permits,   approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services we offer, our relationships with affiliates, protection of
our critical electric infrastructure assets and pipeline safety, among other matters. These operations are also subject to legislation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. They must also comply with environmental legislation and
associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have 
 

  
 been obtained for existing operations and that the business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The Companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could
result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the Companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of
existing laws or   regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense.   
 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could change
market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets.  Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation stations operating in RTO markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into
wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets depend
upon FERC’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time   FERC may investigate and authorize RTOs to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews Dominion’s authority to sell at market-based
rates. Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving
revenue calculations, could adversely impact the future results of Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s generation business. For example, in July 2015, FERC approved changes to PJM’s Reliability Pricing Model capacity market establishing a
new   Capacity Performance Resource product. This product offers the potential for higher capacity prices but can also impose significant economic penalties on generator owners such as Virginia Power for failure to perform during periods when
electricity is in high demand. In addition, there have been changes to the interpretation and application of FERC’s market manipulation   rules. A failure to comply with these rules could lead to civil and criminal penalties. 
   The Companies’ infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can
commence. The Companies may not complete facility construction, pipeline, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they may
not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed.  Several facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects have been announced and additional
projects may be considered in the future. The Companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. Commencing construction on announced and future projects may
require approvals from applicable state and federal agencies, and such approvals could include mitigation costs which may be material to the Companies. Projects may not be able to be completed on time as a result of weather conditions, delays in
obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with part ners or 
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 26 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
 potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond the Companies’ control. Even if facility construction, pipeline, expansion,
electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of the Companies following completion of the projects may not
meet expectations. Start-up and operational issues can arise in connection with the commencement of commercial operations at our facilities, including but not limited to commencement of commercial operations at our power generation facilities
following expansions and fuel type conversions to natural gas and biomass. Such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. Additionally, the
Companies may not be able to timely and effec tively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of
the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, pipeline, electric
transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects.     The development and construction of
several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant execution risk.  The Companies are currently simultaneously developing or constructing several major projects, including the Liquefaction Project, the Atlantic Coast
Pipeline Project, the Supply Header project, Greensville County, Brunswick County, and multiple DTI producer outlet projects, which together help contribute to the over $23 billion in capital expenditures planned by the Companies through 2020.
Several of the Companies’ key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and being constructed in constrained geographic areas (for example, the Liquefaction Project) or in difficult terrain (for example, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline
Project). The advancement of the Companies’ ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation or other activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. For
example, certain landowners and stakeholder groups oppose the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, which could impede the acquisition of rights-of-way and other land rights on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. Given that these projects provide the
foundation for the Companies’ strategic growth plan, if the Companies are unable to obtain or maintain the required approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and
timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact to the Companies’ financial position, results of operations and cash flows. For example, while
Dominion has received the required approvals to commence construction of the Liquefaction Project from the DOE, all DOE export licenses are subject to review and possible withdrawal should the DOE conclude that such export authorization is no longer
in the public interest. Failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an adverse ruling in any future litigation could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to execute its business plan.
 
  The Companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion
of large-scale infrastructure projects. The construction of such projects is expected to take several years, is typically confined within a limited geographic area or difficult terrain and could be subject to delays, cost overruns, labor disputes
and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect the Companies’ financial performance and/or impair the Companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the project
as scheduled.    Further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms
could negatively affect the Companies’ financial condition, cash flows, the projects’ anticipated financial results and/or impair the Companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled.  
 Any additional federal and/or state requirements imposed on energy companies mandating limitations on GHG
emissions or requiring efficiency improvements may result in compliance costs that alone or in combination could make some of the Companies’ electric generation units or natural gas facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate.  The Clean
Power Plan is targeted at reducing CO 2  emissions from
existing fossil fuel-fired power generation facilities.    Compliance with the Clean Power Plan may require increasing the
energy efficiency of equipment at facilities, committing significant capital toward carbon reduction programs, purchase of allowances and/or emission rate credits, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and
potential replacement with lower emitting generation facilities. The Clean Power Plan uses a set of measures for reducing emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with
increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units, and expanding renewable resources. Compliance with the Clean Power Plan’s anticipated implementing regulations may require Virginia Power to prematurely retire certain generating
facilities, with the potential lack or delay of cost recovery and higher electric rates, which could affect consumer demand. The cost of compliance with the Clean Power Plan is subject to significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several
interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the implementation of rules, required levels of reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon controls and/or reduction programs, and
the selected compliance alternatives. Dominion and Virginia Power cannot estimate the aggregate effect of such requirements on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers. However, such expenditures, if material, could make
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial performance or
liquidity.    There are also potential impacts on Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ natural gas businesses as federal or
state GHG regulations may require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector and could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products, which
could impact the natural gas businesses.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 27 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  The Companies’ operations are subject to a number of environmental laws and
regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the Companies.  The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste
management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of
environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or   offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for   expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been
identified by a regulatory   agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and   the Companies expect that they will remain significant in the future.
Certain facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. These types of events could occur again in the future.   
 Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted or become applicable to the Companies. Risks
relating to expected regulation of GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed above. In addition, further regulation of air quality and GHG emissions under the CAA will be imposed on the natural gas sector,
including rules to limit methane leakage. The Companies are also subject to recently finalized federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal
practices, wastewater discharges from steam electric generating stations and the potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls.    Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect
the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties.
However, such expenditures, if material, could make the Companies’ facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the Companies’ results of operations, financial performance or
liquidity.    Virginia Power is subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash.  Virginia Power
historically produced and continues to produce coal ash, or CCRs, as a by-product of its coal-fired generation operations. The ash is stored and managed in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills located at eight different facilities. 
   Virginia Power may face litigation regarding alleged CWA violations at Possum Point, and is facing litigation regarding
alleged CWA violations at Chesapeake and could incur settlement expenses and other costs, depending on the outcome of any such litigation, including costs associated with closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of certain ash ponds. In
addition, the EPA and Virginia recently issued regulations concerning the management and storage of CCRs and West Virginia may impose additional regulations that will apply to the facilities noted above. These regulations will require Virginia Power
to make additional
 

  
capital expenditures and increase its operating and maintenance expenses.  
 Further, while Virginia Power operates its ash ponds and landfills in compliance with applicable state safety regulations, a release of
coal ash with a significant environmental impact, such as the Dan River ash basin release by a neighboring utility, could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs,
and reputational damage, and could impact the financial condition of Virginia Power.    The Companies’ operations are
subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the Companies.  Operation of the Companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown
or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost
overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. The Companies’ businesses are
dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. Because the Companies’ transmission facilities, pipelines and other
facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of their facilities and pipelines could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.  
 Operation of the Companies’ facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including
higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of the Companies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the Companies’ business.
Unplanned outages typically increase the Companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less output or may require the Companies to incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost
units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. Moreover, if the Companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, penalties or
liability for damages could result.    In addition, there are many risks associated with the Companies’ operations and the
transportation, storage and processing of natural gas and NGLs, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the collision of third party
equipment with pipelines and avian and other wildlife impacts. Such incidents could result in loss of human life or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or
business interruptions and associated public or employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities, heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. Further, the location of pipelines and storage facilities, or generation,
transmission, substations and distribution facilities near populated    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 28 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks.  
 Dominion and Virginia Power have substantial ownership interests in and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur
substantial costs and liabilities.  Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of
such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommission ing, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available,   potential operational liabilities and extended outages, the costs of
replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of   securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. Dominion and Virginia Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial
exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning   costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s
decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance, or in the case of Virginia Power through regulatory mechanisms, their results of operations could be negatively
impacted.     Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are also subject to complex government
regulation which could negatively impact their results of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. In the event of
noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.
Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require Dominion and Virginia Power to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, although the Companies have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at
their plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in Japan in 2011, could
cause the NRC to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units.    Sustained declines in natural gas and NGL prices have resulted in, and could result in further, curtailments of third-party producers’ drilling programs, delaying the production of volumes of
natural gas and NGLs that Dominion and Dominion Gas gather, process, and transport and reducing the value of NGLs retained by Dominion Gas, which may adversely affect Dominion and Dominion Gas’ revenues and earnings.  Dominion and Dominion
Gas obtain their supply of natural gas and NGLs from numerous third-party producers. Most producers are under no obligation to deliver a specific quantity of natural gas or NGLs to Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ facilities. A number of other
factors could reduce the volumes of natural gas and NGLs available to Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pipelines and other assets. Increased regulation of energy extraction activities could result in reductions in drilling for new natural gas
wells, which could decrease the volumes of natural gas supplied to Dominion
 

  
and Dominion Gas. Producers with direct commodity price exposure face liquidity constraints, which could present a credit risk to Dominion and Dominion Gas. Producers could shift their production
activities to regions outside Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ footprint. In addition, the extent of natural gas reserves and the rate of production from such reserves may be less than anticipated. If producers were to decrease the supply of
natural gas or NGLs to Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ systems and facilities for any reason, Dominion and Dominion Gas could experience lower revenues to the extent they are unable to replace the lost volumes on similar terms. In addition,
Dominion Gas’ revenue from processing and fractionation operations largely results from the sale of commodities at market prices. Dominion Gas receives the wet gas product from producers and may retain the extracted NGLs as compensation
for its services. This exposes Dominion Gas to commodity price risk for the value of the spread between the NGL products and natural gas, and relative changes in these prices could adversely impact Dominion Gas’ results.  
 Dominion’s merchant power business operates in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of operations and
future growth.  The success of Dominion’s merchant power   business depends upon favorable market conditions including the ability to sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion operates in active wholesale
markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. Dominion attempts to manage its price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales
and purchase contracts.     In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally
determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas.
Consequently, the open market wholesale price for electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale
price of electricity. To the extent Dominion does not enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results.  
 Dominion purchases fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot market purchases. Dominion is
exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result of market supply shortages. Fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power
produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs, thus adversely impacting Dominion’s financial results.    In addition, in the event that any of the merchant generation facilities experience a forced outage, Dominion may not receive the level of revenue it anticipated.  
 The Companies’ financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas and related
services.  Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices,   including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could   lead to declines in per capita energy consumption.
Additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are 
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 29 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
 considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. Further, Virginia Power’s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production,
transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. However, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines and fuel cells, may   make these alternative generation methods
competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use our services.     Reduced energy
demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, distributed generation, regional economic conditions, or the impact of additional compliance obligations, unless substantially
offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of the Companies’ business activities.  
 Dominion Gas has experienced a decline in demand for certain of its processing services due to competing facilities operating in nearby
areas.    Dominion Gas may not be able to maintain, renew or replace its existing portfolio of customer contracts
successfully, or on favorable terms.  Upon contract expiration, customers may   not elect to re-contract with Dominion Gas as a result of a variety   of factors, including the amount of competition in the industry, changes in the price
of natural gas, their level of satisfaction with Dominion Gas’ services, the extent to which Dominion Gas is able to successfully execute its business plans and the effect of the regulatory framework on customer demand. The failure to replace
any such customer contracts on similar terms could result in a loss of revenue for Dominion Gas.     Certain of Dominion
and Dominion Gas’ gas pipeline services are subject to long-term, fixed-price “negotiated rate” contracts that are not subject to adjustment, even if the cost to perform such services exceeds the revenues received from such
contracts.  Under FERC policy, a regulated service provider and a customer may mutually agree to sign a contract for service at a “negotiated rate” which may be above or below the FERC regulated, cost-based recourse rate for that
service. These “negotiated rate” contracts are not generally subject to adjustment for increased costs which could be produced by inflation or other factors relating to the specific facilities being used to perform the services. Any
shortfall of revenue as result of these “negotiated rate” contracts could decrease Dominion and Dominion Gas’ earnings and cash flows.    Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results of operations.  The Companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that
one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. For example, some of Dominion’s operations are conducted through less than wholly-owned
subsidiaries, such as Four Brothers and Three Cedars. In such arrangements, Dominion is dependent on third parties to fund their required share of capital expenditures. Counterparties could fail or delay the   perform ance of their
contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. Defaults or failure to perform by customers, suppliers, joint venture partners or other third parties may adversely affect the Companies’
financial results.   
  Dominion will also be exposed to counterparty credit risk relating to the terminal services
agreements for the Liquefaction Project. While the counterparties’ obligations are supported by parental guarantees and letters of credit, there is no assurance that such credit support would be sufficient to satisfy the obligations in the
event of a counterparty default. In addition, if a controversy arises under either agreement resulting in a judgment in Dominion’s favor, Dominion may need to seek to enforce a final U.S. court judgment in a foreign tribunal, which could
involve a lengthy process.    Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of Dominion’s decommissioning
trust funds and Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ benefit plan assets or increase Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding.  The performance of the capital markets affects
the value of the assets that are held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear   plants and under Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Dominion and
Dominion Gas have significant obligations in these areas and holds significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates.   
 With respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the
obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants or require additional NRC-approved funding assurance.    A decline in
the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations under Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in
interest rates will affect the liabilities under Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes
in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in mortality assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans.  
 If the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors,
Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected.    The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints.  The Companies use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and   FTRs,
to manage commodity and financial market risks. In addition, Dominion and Dominion Gas purchase and sell commodity-based contracts for hedging purposes.     The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions that will require certain over-the-counter derivatives,
or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform. Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, can choose to exempt their hedging
transactions from these clearing and exchange trading requirements. Final rules for the over-the-counter derivative-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 30 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
established through the ongoing rulemaking process of the applicable regulators, including rules regarding margin requirements for non-cleared swaps. If, as a result of the rulemaking process,
the Companies’ derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher costs, including from higher margin requirements, for their derivative activities. In
addition, implementation of, and compliance with, the swaps provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by the Companies’ counterparties could result in increased costs related to the Companies’ derivative activities.  
 Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect the Companies’ growth and business strategy.  In order to maintain
appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, the Companies may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect
their growth and   earnings. A reduction in the Companies’ credit ratings could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require the
Companies to post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities.     An
inability to access financial markets could adversely affect the execution of the Companies’ business plans.  The Companies rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and
liquidity for business plans with increasing capital expenditure needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. Deterioration in the Companies’
creditworthiness, as evaluated by credit rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market   reputation either for the Companies or their industry in general, or general financial market disruptions outside of the Companies’ control
could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their ability to access one or more financial markets. Further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic   recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general
market disruption due to general credit market or political events, or the failure of financial institutions on which the Companies rely. Increased costs and restrictions on the Companies’ ability to access financial markets may be severe
enough to affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled.     Potential changes in accounting
practices may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results.  The Companies cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their
operations specifically. New accounting standards could be issued that could change the way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect earnings or could increase
liabilities.     War, acts and threats of terrorism, intentional acts and other significant events could adversely
affect the Companies’ operations.  The Companies cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on the Companies’ business in particular. Any retaliatory military strikes or
sustained military campaign may affect the Companies’ operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. In addition,
 

  
the Companies’ infrastructure facilities could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. For example, a physical attack on a critical substation in California
resulted in serious impacts to the power grid. Furthermore, the physical compromise of the Companies’ facilities could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to manage these facilities effectively. Instability in financial markets as a
result of terrorism, war, intentional acts, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and increase the cost of insurance coverage. This could negatively impact the Companies’
results of operations and financial condition.    Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the Companies’
operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the Companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on the Companies’ business.  The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the
operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. Further, the computer systems that run the Companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. There appears to be an increasing level of activity,
sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view the Companies’ computer systems,
software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. For example, malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation’s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. In addition, the
Companies’ businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss.  
 A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the Companies’ electric generation, electric or gas transmission or
distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the Companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the Companies’ ability to correctly record, process and
report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and
damage to the Companies’ reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as
credit monitoring. The Companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of
any insurance available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the Companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Failure to attract and retain key executive officers and other appropriately qualified employees could have an adverse effect on the
Companies’ operations.  The Companies’ business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. The Companies’ key executive officers are the CEO, CFO and presidents and those responsible for
financial, operational, legal, regulatory and accounting functions. Competition 
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 31 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
 for skilled management employees in these areas of the Companies’ business operations is high. In addition, certain specialized knowledge is required of the Companies’ technical
employees for transmission, generation and distribution operations. The Companies’ inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. An aging workforce in the energy industry
also necessitates recruiting, retaining and developing the next generation of leadership.     Dominion may be unable to
complete the Questar Combination or, in order to do so, the combined company may be required to comply with material restrictions or conditions.  On February 1, 2016, Dominion announced the execution of a merger agreement with Questar. Before the
Questar Combination may be completed, approval by the shareholders of Questar will have to be obtained. In addition, various filings must be made with various state utility, regulatory, antitrust and other authorities in the U.S. These governmental
authorities may impose conditions on the completion, or require changes to the terms, of the transaction, including restrictions or conditions on the business, operations, or financial performance of the combined company following completion of the
transaction. Several parties have filed a complaint in court seeking to enjoin the merger. Additional parties may also seek to enjoin the merger in court or challenge regulatory filings. These conditions, changes or challenges could have the effect
of delaying completion of the acquisition or imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company following the transaction, which could have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash
flows of the combined company and/or cause either Dominion or Questar to abandon the transaction.    If completed, the Questar
Combination may not achieve its intended results.  Dominion and Questar entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the transaction would result in various benefits, including, among other things, being accretive to earnings and
adding to Dominion’s inventory of regulated energy infrastructure assets. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the transaction is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the business of Questar is integrated in an efficient and
effective manner. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of management’s time and energy, all of which could
have an adverse effect on the combined company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.    Failure to
complete the transaction with Questar could negatively impact Dominion’s stock price and Dominion’s future business and financial results.  If the Questar Combination is not completed, Dominion’s ongoing business and financial
results may be adversely affected and Dominion will be subject to a number of risks, including (i) Dominion may be required, under specified circumstances set forth in the Merger Agreement, to pay Questar a termination fee of $154 million; (ii)
Dominion will be required to pay costs relating to the transaction, including legal, accounting, financial advisory, filing and printing costs, whether or not the transaction is completed; and (iii) execution of the Questar Combination (including
integration planning) may require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to Dominion.
 
  Dominion could also be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the
transaction with Questar. If the transaction is not completed, these risks may materialize and may adversely affect Dominion’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
         Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments    None.  
         Item 2. Properties    As of December 31, 2015, Dominion
owned its principal executive office and three other corporate offices, all located in Richmond, Virginia. Dominion also leases corporate offices in other cities in which its subsidiaries operate. Virginia Power and Dominion Gas share
Dominion’s principal office in Richmond, Virginia, which is owned by Dominion. In addition, Virginia Power’s DVP and Generation segments share certain leased buildings and equipment. See Item 1. Business for additional information
about each segment’s principal properties, which information is incorporated herein by reference.    Dominion’s assets
consist primarily of its investments in its subsidiaries, the principal properties of which are described here and in Item 1. Business.    Substantially all of Virginia Power’s property is subject to the lien of the Indenture of Mortgage securing its First and Refunding Mortgage Bonds. There were no bonds outstanding as of
December 31, 2015; however, by leaving the indenture open, Virginia Power expects to retain the flexibility to issue mortgage bonds in the future. Certain of Dominion’s merchant generation facilities are also subject to liens.
   D OMINION  E NERGY     Dominion and Dominion Gas    East Ohio’s gas distribution network is located in Ohio. This network
involves approximately 18,900 miles of pipe, exclusive of service lines. The rights-of-way grants for many natural gas pipelines have been obtained from the actual owners of real estate, as underlying titles have been examined. Where rights-of-way
have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many natural gas pipelines are on publicly-owned property, where company rights and actions are determined on a case-by-case basis, with results that
range from reimbursed relocation to revocation of permission to operate.    Dominion Gas has approximately 10,500 miles of gas
transmission, gathering and storage pipelines located in the states of Maryland, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia. Dominion Gas also owns NGL processing plants capable of processing over 270,000 mcf per day of natural gas.
Hastings is the largest plant and is capable of processing over 180,000 mcf per day of natural gas. Hastings can also fractionate over 580,000 Gals per day of NGLs into marketable products, including propane, isobutane, butane and natural
gasoline. NGL operations have storage capacity of 1,226,500 Gals of propane, 109,000 Gals of isobutane, 442,000 Gals of butane, 2,000,000 Gals of natural gasoline and 1,012,500 Gals of mixed NGLs.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
Dominion Gas also operates 20 underground gas storage fields located in New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia, with approximately 2,000 storage wells and approximately 399,000 acres of
operated leaseholds.    The total designed capacity of the underground storage fields operated by Dominion Gas is approximately
933 bcf. Certain storage fields are jointly-owned and operated by Dominion Gas. The capacity of those fields owned by Dominion Gas’ partners totals approximately 224 bcf.    Dominion    Cove Point’s LNG facility has an operational peak regasification daily send-out
capacity of approximately 1.8 million Dths/day and an aggregate LNG storage capacity of approximately 14.6 bcfe. In addition, Cove Point has a liquefier that has the potential to create approximately 15,000 Dths/day.  
 The Cove Point Pipeline is a 36-inch diameter underground, interstate natural gas pipeline that extends approximately 88 miles from Cove
Point to interconnections with Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC in Fairfax County, Virginia, and with Columbia Gas Transmission, LLC and DTI in Loudoun County, Virginia. In 2009, the original pipeline was expanded to include a 36-inch
diameter expansion that extends approximately 48 miles, roughly 75% of which is parallel to the original pipeline.
 
  DCG’s interstate natural gas pipeline system in South Carolina and southeastern
Georgia is comprised of approximately 1,500 miles of transmission pipeline. DCG’s pipeline system is substantially fully subscribed with a contracted pipeline capacity of 765,773 Dths/day. Dominion has 148 compressor stations with approximately
904,000 installed compressor horsepower.    DVP    See Item 1. Business,  General  for details regarding DVP’s principal properties, which primarily include transmission and distribution lines.  
 D OMINION  G ENERATION     Dominion and Virginia Power generate electricity for sale on a wholesale and a retail level. Dominion and Virginia Power supply electricity demand either from their generation facilities or through
purchased power contracts. As of December 31, 2015, Dominion Generation’s total utility and merchant generating capacity was approximately 24,300 MW.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 33 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  The following tables list Dominion Generation’s utility and merchant generating
units and capability, as of December 31, 2015:    V IRGINIA  P OWER  U TILITY 
G ENERATION (1)       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Plant 
    
 Location 
    
   Net Summer 
 Capability (MW) 
   
   
   Percentage 
 Net Summer 
 Capability 
   


 
   Gas 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Warren County (CC) 
    
 Warren County, VA 
    
   
 1,342 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Ladysmith (CT) 
    
 Ladysmith, VA 
    
   
 783 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Remington (CT) 
    
 Remington, VA 
    
   
 608 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Bear Garden (CC) 
    
 Buckingham County, VA 
    
   
 590 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Possum Point (CC) 
    
 Dumfries, VA 
    
   
 573 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Chesterfield (CC) 
    
 Chester, VA 
    
   
 397 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Elizabeth River (CT) 
    
 Chesapeake, VA 
    
   
 348 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Possum Point 
    
 Dumfries, VA 
    
   
 316 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Bellemeade (CC) 
    
 Richmond, VA 
    
   
 267 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Bremo (2) 
    
 Bremo Bluff, VA 
    
   
 227 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Gordonsville Energy (CC) 
    
 Gordonsville, VA 
    
   
 218 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Gravel Neck (CT) 
    
 Surry, VA 
    
   
 170 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Darbytown (CT) 
    
 Richmond, VA 
    
   
 168 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Rosemary (CC) 
    
 Roanoke Rapids, NC 
    
   
 165 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Gas 
    
 
    
   
 6,172 
    
   
   
 31 
 %  
 
   Coal 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mt. Storm 
    
 Mt. Storm, WV 
    
   
 1,629 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Chesterfield 
    
 Chester, VA 
    
   
 1,267 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 
    
 Wise County, VA 
    
   
 610 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Clover 
    
 Clover, VA 
    
  
 
 439 
 
 (3)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 Yorktown (4) 
    
 Yorktown, VA 
    
   
 323 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Mecklenburg 
    
 Clarksville, VA 
    
   
 138 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Coal 
    
 
    
   
 4,406 
    
   
   
 22 
    
 
   Nuclear 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Surry 
    
 Surry, VA 
    
   
 1,676 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   North Anna 
    
 Mineral, VA 
    
   
 1,672 
 
 (5)   
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Nuclear 
    
 
    
   
 3,348 
    
   
   
 17 
    
 
   Oil 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Yorktown 
    
 Yorktown, VA 
    
   
 790 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Possum Point 
    
 Dumfries, VA 
    
   
 786 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Gravel Neck (CT) 
    
 Surry, VA 
    
   
 198 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Darbytown (CT) 
    
 Richmond, VA 
    
   
 168 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Possum Point (CT) 
    
 Dumfries, VA 
    
   
 72 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Chesapeake (CT) 
    
 Chesapeake, VA 
    
   
 51 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Low Moor (CT) 
    
 Covington, VA 
    
   
 48 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Northern Neck (CT) 
    
 Lively, VA 
    
   
 47 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Oil 
    
 
    
   
 2,160 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   Hydro 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Bath County 
    
 Warm Springs, VA 
    
  
 
 1,802 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gaston 
    
 Roanoke Rapids, NC 
    
   
 220 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Roanoke Rapids 
    
 Roanoke Rapids, NC 
    
   
 95 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Other 
    
 Various 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Hydro 
    
 
    
   
 2,120 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   Biomass 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Pittsylvania 
    
 Hurt, VA 
    
   
 83 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Altavista 
    
 Altavista, VA 
    
   
 51 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Polyester 
    
 Hopewell, VA 
    
   
 51 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Southhampton 
    
 Southampton, VA 
    
   
 51 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Biomass 
    
 
    
   
 236 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Various 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mt. Storm (CT) 
    
 Mt. Storm, WV 
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   
    
   
    
   
 18,453 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Power Purchase Agreements 
    
   
    
   
 1,569 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Total Utility Generation 
    
   
    
   
 20,022 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle.  
 
 
 (1) 
 The table excludes Virginia Power’s Morgans Corner solar facility located in Pasquotank County, NC which has a net summer capacity of 20 MW, as the facility is
dedicated to serving a non-jurisdictional customer.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Converted from coal to gas in 2014.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Excludes 50% undivided interest owned by ODEC.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Coal-fired units are expected to be retired at Yorktown as early as 2017 as a result of the issuance of the MATS rule.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Excludes 11.6% undivided interest owned by ODEC.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Excludes 40% undivided interest owned by Allegheny Generating Company, a subsidiary of Allegheny Energy, Inc.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 34 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

        
 D OMINION  M ERCHANT  G ENERATION   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Plant 
    
 Location 
    
   Net Summer 
 Capability (MW) 
   
   
   Percentage 
 Net Summer 
 Capability 
   


 
   Nuclear 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Millstone 
    
 Waterford, CT 
    
   
 2,001 
 
 (1)   
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Nuclear 
    
 
    
   
 2,001 
    
   
   
 46 
 %  
 
   Gas 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fairless (CC) 
    
 Fairless Hills, PA 
    
   
 1,196 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Manchester (CC) 
    
 Providence, RI 
    
   
 468 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Gas 
    
 
    
   
 1,664 
    
   
   
 39 
    
 
   Wind 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fowler
Ridge (2) 
    
 Benton County, IN 
    
  
 
 150 
 
 (3)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   NedPower (2) 
    
 Grant County, WV 
    
   
 132 
 (4)   
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Wind 
    
 
    
   
 282 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
 
 Solar (5) 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Pavant Solar 
    
 Holden, UT 
    
   
 50 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Camelot Solar 
    
 Mojave, CA 
    
  
 
 30 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cottonwood Solar 
    
 Kings and Kern counties, CA 
    
   
 23 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Alamo Solar 
    
 San Bernardino, CA 
    
   
 20 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Maricopa West Solar 
    
 Kern County, CA 
    
   
 20 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Imperial Valley 2 Solar 
    
 Imperial, CA 
    
   
 20 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Richland Solar 
    
 Jeffersonville, GA 
    
   
 20 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Indy Solar 
    
 Indianapolis, IN 
    
  
 
 19 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Catalina 2 Solar 
    
 Kern County, CA 
    
   
 18 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   CID Solar 
    
 Corcoran, CA 
    
  
 
 13 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Kansas Solar 
    
 Lenmore, CA 
    
  
 
 13 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Kent South Solar 
    
 Lenmore, CA 
    
  
 
 13 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Old River One Solar 
    
 Bakersfield, CA 
    
  
 
 13 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   West Antelope Solar 
    
 Lancaster, CA 
    
  
 
 13 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Adams East Solar 
    
 Tranquility, CA 
    
  
 
 13 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Mulberry Solar 
    
 Selmer, TN 
    
  
 
 11 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Selmer Solar 
    
 Selmer, TN 
    
  
 
 11 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Columbia 2 Solar 
    
 Mojave, CA 
    
  
 
 10 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Azalea Solar 
    
 Davisboro, GA 
    
  
 
 5 
 
 (6)  
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Somers Solar 
    
 Somers, CT 
    
   
 3 
 (6)   
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Solar 
    
 
    
   
 338 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Fuel Cell 
    
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Bridgeport Fuel Cell 
    
 Bridgeport, CT 
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total Fuel Cell 
    
   
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total Merchant Generation 
    
   
    
   
 4,300 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   Note: (CC) denotes combined cycle.  
 
 
 (1) 
 Excludes 6.53% undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Subject to a lien securing the facility’s debt.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Excludes 50% membership interest owned by BP.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Excludes 50% membership interest owned by Shell.  
 
 
 (5) 
 All solar facilities are alternating current.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Excludes 33% noncontrolling interest owned by Terra Nova Renewable Partners.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 35 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Item 3. Legal Proceedings  
 From time to time, the Companies are alleged to be in violation or in default under orders, statutes, rules or regulations relating to the environment,
compliance plans imposed upon or agreed to by the Companies, or permits issued by various local, state and/or federal agencies for the construction or operation of facilities. Administrative proceedings may also be pending on these matters. In
addition, in the ordinary course of business, the Companies and their subsidiaries are involved in various legal proceedings.  
 In February 2016, Virginia Power received a notice of violation from the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality relating to a
release of mineral oil from the Crystal City substation. In January 2016, Virginia Power self-reported the discharge and began an extensive cleanup. Virginia Power has assumed the role of responsible party and is continuing to cooperate with
ongoing requirements for investigative and corrective action. Virginia Power may enter into a consent order with the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality that includes a penalty. The amount of that penalty cannot be reasonably estimated
at this time.    See Notes 13 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and  Future Issues and Other Matters  in
Item 7. MD&A, which information is incorporated herein by reference, for discussion of various environmental and other regulatory proceedings to which the Companies are a party.  
         Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    Not applicable.
 
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 36 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Executive Officers of Dominion  
       
     Information concerning the executive officers of Dominion, each of whom is
elected annually, is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 Name and Age 
    
 Business Experience Past Five
Years (1) 


 
   Thomas F. Farrell II (61) 
    
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and CEO of Dominion from April 2007 to date; Chairman and CEO of Dominion Midstream GP, LLC (the general partner of Dominion Midstream) from
March 2014 to date; CEO of Dominion Gas from September 2013 to date and Chairman from March 2014 to date; Chairman and CEO of Virginia Power from February 2006 to date. 
 
 
 
 
   Mark F. McGettrick (58) 
    
 Executive Vice President and CFO of Dominion from June 2009 to date, Dominion Midstream GP, LLC from March 2014 to date, Virginia Power from June 2009 to date and Dominion Gas from September
2013 to date. 
 
 
 
 
   David A. Christian (61) 
    
 Executive Vice President and CEO—Energy Infrastructure Group of Dominion from January 2016 to date; President of Dominion Gas from January 2016 to date; Executive Vice President and
CEO—Dominion Generation Group of Dominion from February 2013 to December 2015; Executive Vice President of Dominion from May 2011 to February 2013; President and COO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to date; Executive Vice President of Dominion
Midstream GP, LLC from January 2016 to date. 
 
 
 
 
   Paul D. Koonce (56) 
    
 Executive Vice President and CEO—Dominion Generation Group of Dominion from January 2016 to date; Executive Vice President and CEO—Energy Infrastructure Group of Dominion from
February 2013 to December 2015; Executive Vice President of Dominion from April 2006 to February 2013; Executive Vice President of Dominion Midstream GP, LLC from March 2014 to December 2015; President and COO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to
date; President of Dominion Gas from September 2013 to December 2015. 
 
 
 
 
   David A. Heacock (58) 
    
 President and CNO of Virginia Power from June 2009 to date. 
 
 
 
 
   Robert M. Blue (48) 
    
 Senior Vice President— Law, Regulation & Policy of Dominion, Dominion Gas and Dominion Midstream GP, LLC from February 2016 to present; Senior Vice President—Regulation, Law,
Energy Solutions and Policy of Dominion and Dominion Gas from May 2015 to January 2016 and Dominion Midstream GP, LLC from July 2015 to January 2016; Senior Vice President—Regulation, Law, Energy Solutions and Policy of Virginia Power from May
2015 to December 2015; President of Virginia Power from January 2016 to date; President of Virginia Power from January 2014 to May 2015; Senior Vice President-Law, Public Policy and Environment of Dominion from January 2011 to December
2013. 
 
 
 
 
   Michele L. Cardiff (48) 
    
 Vice President, Controller and CAO of Dominion from April 2014 to date; Vice President-Accounting of DRS from January 2014 to March 2014; Vice President, Controller and CAO of Virginia Power
from April 2014 to date, Dominion Gas from March 2014 to date, and Dominion Midstream GP, LLC from March 2014 to date; General Auditor of DRS from September 2012 to December 2013; Controller of Virginia Power from June 2009 to August
2012. 
 
 
 
 
   Diane Leopold (49) 
    
 President of DTI, East Ohio and Dominion Cove Point, Inc. from January 2014 to date; Senior Vice President of DTI from April 2012 to December 2013;
Senior Vice President—Business Development & Generation Construction of Virginia Power from April 2009 to March 2012. 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Any service listed for Virginia Power, Dominion Midstream GP, LLC, Dominion Gas, DTI, East Ohio, Dominion Cove Point, Inc. and DRS reflects service at a subsidiary
of Dominion.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 37 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part II      
        
  Item 5. Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    Dominion  
 Dominion’s common stock is listed on the NYSE. At January 31, 2016, there were approximately 129,000 record holders of
Dominion’s common stock. The number of record holders is comprised of individual shareholder accounts maintained on Dominion’s transfer agent records and includes accounts with shares held in (1) certificate form, (2) book-entry
in the Direct Registration System and (3) book-entry under Dominion Direct ® . Discussions of expected
dividend payments and restrictions on Dominion’s payment of dividends required by this Item are contained in  Liquidity and Capital Resources  in Item 7. MD&A and Notes 17 and 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Cash
dividends were paid quarterly in 2015 and 2014. Quarterly information concerning stock prices and dividends is disclosed in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which information is incorporated herein by reference.  
 The following table presents certain information with respect to Dominion’s common stock repurchases during the fourth quarter of
2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 D OMINION  P URCHASES   OF  E QUITY 
S ECURITIES 
   
 
 Period 
    
   Total 
 Number   of Shares 
 (or Units)   Purchased (1) 
   
    
   Average 
 Price   Paid per 
 Share   (or Unit) (2) 
   
    
 
 Total Number 
 of Shares (or Units) 
 Purchased as Part 
 of Publicly Announced   Plans or
Programs 
   
    
 
 Maximum Number (or 
 Approximate Dollar Value) 
 of Shares (or Units) that May   Yet Be Purchased under the   Plans or Programs (3) 
   


 
   10/1/2015-10/31/15 
    
   
 21,185 
    
    
 $ 
 69.16 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
 19,629,059 shares/$ 
 1.18 billion 
    
 
   11/1/2015-11/30/15 
    
   
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
 19,629,059 shares/$ 
 1.18 billion 
    
 
   12/1/2015-12/31/15 
    
   
 114,784 
    
    
 $ 
 67.23 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
 19,629,059 shares/$ 
 1.18 billion 
    
 
   Total 
    
   
 135,969 
    
    
 $ 
 67.53 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
    
 19,629,059 shares/$ 
 1.18 billion 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 21,185 and 114,784 shares were tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock in October and December 2015, respectively.
 
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents the weighted-average price paid per share.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The remaining repurchase authorization is pursuant to repurchase authority granted by the Dominion Board of Directors in February 2005, as modified in June 2007. The
aggregate authorization granted by the Dominion Board of Directors was 86 million shares (as adjusted to reflect a two-for-one stock split distributed in November 2007) not to exceed $4 billion.  
 Virginia Power    There is no established public
trading market for Virginia Power’s common stock, all of which is owned by Dominion. Restrictions on Virginia Power’s payment of dividends are discussed in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Virginia Power paid quarterly
cash dividends on its common stock as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   First 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Second 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Third 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Fourth 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Full 
 Year 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 149 
    
    
 $ 
 121 
    
    
 $ 
 146 
    
    
 $ 
 75 
    
    
 $ 
 491 
    
 
   2014 
    
   
 148 
    
    
   
 121 
    
    
   
 196 
    
    
   
 125 
    
    
   
 590 
    
   As discussed in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report, during 2014, Virginia Power redeemed all
shares of each outstanding series of its preferred stock. Effective October 30, 2014, the Virginia Power Board of Directors approved amendments to Virginia Power’s Articles of Incorporation to delete references to the redeemed series of
preferred stock.    Dominion Gas    All of
Dominion Gas’ membership interests are owned by Dominion. Restrictions on Dominion Gas’ payment of distributions are discussed in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Dominion Gas paid quarterly distributions as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   First 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Second 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Third 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Fourth 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Full 
 Year 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 96 
    
    
 $ 
 68 
    
    
 $ 
 80 
    
    
 $ 
 448 
    
    
 $ 
 692 
    
 
   2014 
    
   
 78 
    
    
   
 67 
    
    
   
 61 
    
    
   
 140 
    
    
   
 346 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 38 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

        
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data    D OMINION       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 (1) 

   
    
 2013 (2) 

   
   
 2012 (3) 

   
   
 2011 (4) 

   
 
 (millions, except per share amounts) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 11,683 
    
    
 $ 
 12,436 
    
    
 $ 
 13,120 
    
   
 $ 
 12,835 
    
   
 $ 
 13,765 
    
 
   Income from continuing operations, net of tax (5) 

    
   
 1,899 
    
    
   
 1,310 
    
    
   
 1,789 
    
   
   
 1,427 
    
   
   
 1,466 
    
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax (5) 

    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 (1,125 
 )  
   
   
 (58 
 )  
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
    
   
 1,899 
    
    
   
 1,310 
    
    
   
 1,697 
    
   
   
 302 
    
   
   
 1,408 
    
 
   Income from continuing operations before loss from discontinued operations per common share-basic 
    
   
 3.21 
    
    
   
 2.25 
    
    
   
 3.09 
    
   
   
 2.49 
    
   
   
 2.56 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion per common share-basic 
    
   
 3.21 
    
    
   
 2.25 
    
    
   
 2.93 
    
   
   
 0.53 
    
   
   
 2.46 
    
 
   Income from continuing operations before loss from discontinued operations per common share-diluted 
    
   
 3.20 
    
    
   
 2.24 
    
    
   
 3.09 
    
   
   
 2.49 
    
   
   
 2.55 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion per common share-diluted 
    
   
 3.20 
    
    
   
 2.24 
    
    
   
 2.93 
    
   
   
 0.53 
    
   
   
 2.45 
    
 
   Dividends declared per common share 
    
   
 2.59 
    
    
   
 2.40 
    
    
   
 2.25 
    
   
   
 2.11 
    
   
   
 1.97 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 58,797 
    
    
   
 54,327 
    
    
   
 50,096 
    
   
   
 46,838 
    
   
   
 45,614 
    
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 23,616 
    
    
   
 21,805 
    
    
   
 19,330 
    
   
   
 16,851 
    
   
   
 17,394 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes $248 million of after-tax charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at
North Anna and offshore wind facilities, a $193 million after-tax charge related to Dominion’s restructuring of its producer services business and a $174 million after-tax charge associated with the Liability Management Exercise.
 
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes a $109 million after-tax charge related to Dominion’s restructuring of its producer services business ($76 million) and an impairment of certain
natural gas infrastructure assets ($33 million). Also in 2013, Dominion recorded a $92 million after-tax net loss from the discontinued operations of Brayton Point and Kincaid.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes a $1.1 billion after-tax loss from discontinued operations, including impairment charges, of Brayton Point and Kincaid and a $303 million after-tax charge
primarily resulting from management’s decision to cease operations and begin decommissioning Kewaunee in 2013.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Includes a $139 million after-tax charge reflecting generation plant balances that are not expected to be recovered in future periods due to the anticipated
retirement of certain utility coal-fired generating units and a $59 million after-tax charge reflecting restoration costs associated with damage caused by Hurricane Irene.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Amounts attributable to Dominion’s common shareholders.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 39 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations      
        
 
  MD&A discusses Dominion’s results of operations and general financial condition and Virginia
Power’s and Dominion Gas’ results of operations. MD&A should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Business and the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Virginia Power and
Dominion Gas meet the conditions to file under the reduced disclosure format, and therefore have omitted certain sections of MD&A.      
     C ONTENTS   OF 
MD&A    MD&A consists of the following information:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Forward-Looking Statements  
 
 
 • 
   
   Accounting Matters—Dominion  
 
 
 • 
   
   Dominion  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Results of Operations  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Segment Results of Operations  
 
 
 • 
   
   Virginia Power  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Results of Operations  
 
 
 • 
   
   Dominion Gas  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Results of Operations  
 
 
 • 
   
   Liquidity and Capital Resources—Dominion  
 
 
 • 
   
   Future Issues and Other Matters—Dominion      
     F ORWARD - LOOKING 
S TATEMENTS     This report contains statements concerning the Companies’ expectations, plans, objectives, future financial
performance and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In most cases, the reader can identify these
forward-looking statements by such words as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “expect,” “believe,” “should,” “could,” “plan,” “may,” “continue,”
“target” or other similar words.    The Companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and
uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-looking statements themselves. Additionally, other factors may cause
actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement. These factors include but are not limited to:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding and changes in water
temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory developments, including changes in federal and state tax laws and regulations;
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those related to climate change, the tightening of emission or
discharge limits for GHGs and other emissions, more extensive permitting requirements and the regulation of additional substances;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Cost of environmental compliance, including those costs related to climate change;
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in enforcement practices of regulators relating to environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities;
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in regulator implementation of environmental standards and litigation exposure for remedial activities;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Difficulty in anticipating mitigation requirements associated with environmental and other regulatory approvals;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant
maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Unplanned outages at facilities in which the Companies have an ownership interest;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ earnings and the
Companies’ liquidity position and the underlying value of their assets;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Counterparty credit and performance risk;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Capital market conditions, including the availability of credit and the ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Risks associated with Virginia Power’s membership and participation in PJM, including risks related to obligations created by the default of other
participants;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Fluctuations in the value of investments held in nuclear decommissioning trusts by Dominion and Virginia Power and in benefit plan trusts by Dominion
and Dominion Gas;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Fluctuations in interest rates;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in rating agency requirements or credit ratings and their effect on availability and cost of capital;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in financial or regulatory accounting principles or policies imposed by governing bodies;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Employee workforce factors including collective bargaining agreements and labor negotiations with union employees;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Risks of operating businesses in regulated industries that are subject to changing regulatory structures;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Impacts of acquisitions, divestitures, transfers of assets to joint ventures or Dominion Midstream, and retirements of assets based on asset portfolio
reviews;  
 
 
 • 
   
   The expected timing and likelihood of completion of the proposed acquisition of Questar, including the ability to obtain the requisite approvals of
Questar’s shareholders and the terms and conditions of any required regulatory approvals;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Receipt of approvals for, and timing of, closing dates for other acquisitions and divestitures;  
 
 
 • 
   
   The timing and execution of Dominion Midstream’s growth strategy;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in rules for RTOs and ISOs in which Dominion and Virginia Power participate, including changes in rate designs, changes in FERC’s
interpretation of market rules and new and evolving capacity models;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Political and economic conditions, including inflation and deflation;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Domestic terrorism and other threats to the Companies’ physical and intangible assets, as well as threats to cybersecurity;
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in demand for the Companies’ services, including industrial, commercial and residential growth or decline in the Companies’ service
areas, changes in supplies of natural gas delivered to Dominion and Dominion Gas’ pipeline and
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 40 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 

 
 
   
   
   
processing systems, failure to maintain or replace customer contracts on favorable terms, changes in customer growth or usage patterns, including as a result of energy conservation programs, the
availability of energy efficient devices and the use of distributed generation methods;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Additional competition in industries in which the Companies operate, including in electric markets in which Dominion’s merchant generation
facilities operate, and competition in the development, construction and ownership of certain electric transmission facilities in Virginia Power’s service territory in connection with FERC Order 1000;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies;
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes to regulated electric rates collected by Virginia Power and regulated gas distribution, transportation and storage rates, including LNG
storage, collected by Dominion and Dominion Gas;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Changes in operating, maintenance and construction costs;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Timing and receipt of regulatory approvals necessary for planned construction or expansion projects and compliance with conditions associated with such
regulatory approvals;  
 
 
 • 
   
   The inability to complete planned construction, conversion or expansion projects at all, or with the outcomes or within the terms and time frames
initially anticipated;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Adverse outcomes in litigation matters or regulatory proceedings; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   The impact of operational hazards including adverse developments with respect to pipeline and plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, malfunction or
failure, operator error, and other catastrophic events.    Additionally, other risks that could cause actual
results to differ from predicted results are set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors.    The Companies’ forward-looking
statements are based on beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time the statements are made. The Companies caution the reader not to place undue reliance on their forward-looking statements because the assumptions, beliefs,
expectations and projections about future events may, and often do, differ materially from actual results. The Companies undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring after the statement is made.
           A CCOUNTING  M ATTERS     Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
   Dominion has identified the following accounting policies, including certain inherent estimates, that as a result of the judgments,
uncertainties, uniqueness and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved, could result in material changes to its financial condition or results of operations under different conditions or using different
assumptions. Dominion has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of each of these policies with the Audit Committee of its Board of Directors.
 
  A CCOUNTING   FOR  R EGULATED  O PERATIONS 
   The accounting for Dominion’s regulated electric and gas operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that
Dominion is required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in its Consolidated Financial Statements. For regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting
periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be
expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers
for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. Generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator.    Dominion evaluates whether or not recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is probable and makes various assumptions in its analysis. The expectations of future recovery are generally based
on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. If recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be
written off in the period such assessment is made. See Notes 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
 A SSET  R ETIREMENT  O BLIGATIONS     Dominion recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists and the ARO can be reasonably estimated. These AROs are recognized at fair
value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. In the absence of quoted market prices, Dominion estimates the fair value of its AROs using present value techniques, in which it makes various assumptions
including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. The impact on measurements of new AROs or remeasurements of existing AROs, using
different cost escalation rates in the future, may be significant. When Dominion revises any assumptions used to calculate the fair value of existing AROs, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the ARO liability and the related long-lived asset for
assets that are in service; for assets that have ceased operations, Dominion adjusts the carrying amount of the ARO liability with such changes recognized in income. Dominion accretes the ARO liability to reflect the passage of time. In 2015,
Dominion recorded an increase in AROs of $403 million primarily related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities. See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
   In 2015, 2014 and 2013, Dominion recognized $93 million, $81 million and $86 million, respectively, of accretion, and expects
to recognize $99 million in 2016. Dominion records accretion and depreciation associated with utility nuclear decommissioning AROs as an adjustment to the regulatory liability related to its nuclear decommissioning trust.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 41 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued
     

        
 
  A significant portion of Dominion’s AROs relates to the future decommissioning of its
merchant and utility nuclear facilities. These nuclear decommissioning AROs are reported in the Dominion Generation segment. At December 31, 2015, Dominion’s nuclear decommissioning AROs totaled $1.5 billion, representing
approximately 70% of its total AROs. Based on their significance, the following discussion of critical assumptions inherent in determining the fair value of AROs relates to those associated with Dominion’s nuclear decommissioning obligations.
   Dominion obtains from third-party specialists periodic site-specific base year cost studies in order to estimate the nature,
cost and timing of planned decommissioning activities for its nuclear plants. These cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time they are performed; however, estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by
nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. In addition, Dominion’s cost estimates include cost escalation rates that are applied to the base year costs. Dominion determines cost escalation rates, which represent
projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities, for each nuclear facility. The selection of these cost escalation rates is dependent on subjective factors which are
considered to be critical assumptions.    Primarily as a result of a shift of the delayed planned date on which the DOE was
expected to begin accepting spent nuclear fuel, in 2014, Dominion recorded an increase of $95 million to the nuclear decommissioning AROs.  
 I NCOME  T AXES   
 Judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and liabilities. The
interpretation of tax laws involves uncertainty, since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. Ultimate resolution of income tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to
tax-related assets and liabilities could be material.    Given the uncertainty and judgment involved in the determination and
filing of income taxes, there are standards for recognition and measurement in financial statements of positions taken or expected to be taken by an entity in its income tax returns. Positions taken by an entity in its income tax returns that are
recognized in the financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. At December 31, 2015,
Dominion had $103 million of unrecognized tax benefits. Changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations.
   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differences
between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. Dominion evaluates quarterly the probability of realizing deferred tax assets by considering current and historical financial results, expectations for future
taxable income and the availability of tax planning strategies that can be implemented, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. Failure to achieve forecasted taxable income or successfully implement tax planning strategies may affect the
realization of deferred tax assets. Dominion establishes a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than-not that all or a portion of a
 

  
deferred tax asset will not be realized. At December 31, 2015, Dominion had established $73 million of valuation allowances.    A CCOUNTING   FOR  D ERIVATIVE  C ONTRACTS   AND  O THER  I NSTRUMENTS   AT  F AIR 
V ALUE     Dominion uses derivative contracts such as futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs to manage commodity and
financial market risks of its business operations. Derivative contracts, with certain exceptions, are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. Accounting requirements for derivatives and related hedging activities are complex and
may be subject to further clarification by standard-setting bodies. The majority of investments held in Dominion’s nuclear decommissioning and rabbi and benefit plan trust funds are also subject to fair value accounting. See Notes 6 and 21 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on these fair value measurements.    Fair value is based on
actively-quoted market prices, if available. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices, management seeks indicative price information from external sources, including broker quotes and industry publications. When evaluating pricing information
provided by brokers and other pricing services, Dominion considers whether the broker is willing and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are based on an active market or an inactive market and the extent to which brokers are
utilizing a particular model if pricing is not readily available. If pricing information from external sources is not available, or if Dominion believes that observable pricing information is not indicative of fair value, judgment is required to
develop the estimates of fair value. In those cases, Dominion must estimate prices based on available historical and near-term future price information and use of statistical methods, including regression analysis, that reflect its market
assumptions.    Dominion maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair
value.    U SE   OF  E STIMATES   IN  G OODWILL  I MPAIRMENT 
T ESTING     As of December 31, 2015, Dominion reported $3.3 billion of goodwill in its Consolidated Balance Sheet. A
significant portion resulted from the acquisition of the former CNG in 2000.    In April of each year, Dominion tests its
goodwill for potential impairment, and performs additional tests more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. The 2015,
2014 and 2013 annual tests and any interim tests did not result in the recognition of any goodwill impairment.    In general,
Dominion estimates the fair value of its reporting units by using a combination of discounted cash flows and other valuation techniques that use multiples of earnings for peer group companies and analyses of recent business combinations involving
peer group companies. Fair value estimates are dependent on subjective factors such as Dominion’s estimate of future cash flows, the selection of appropriate discount and growth rates, and the selection of peer group companies and recent
transactions. These underlying assumptions and estimates are made as of a point in time; subsequent modifications, particularly changes in discount rates or growth rates inherent in Dominion’s estimates of future cash flows, could result in a
future impairment of goodwill. Although Dominion has consistently applied the same
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 42 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
methods in developing the assumptions and estimates that underlie the fair value calculations, such as estimates of future cash flows, and based those estimates on relevant information available
at the time, such cash flow estimates are highly uncertain by nature and may vary significantly from actual results. If the estimates of future cash flows used in the most recent tests had been 10% lower, the resulting fair values would have still
been greater than the carrying values of each of those reporting units tested, indicating that no impairment was present. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  
 U SE   OF  E STIMATES   IN  L ONG -L IVED  A SSET 
I MPAIRMENT  T ESTING     Impairment testing for an individual or group of long-lived assets or for intangible
assets with definite lives is required when circumstances indicate those assets may be impaired. When an asset’s carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted estimated future cash flows associated with the asset, the asset is considered impaired to
the extent that the asset’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. Performing an impairment test on long-lived assets involves judgment in areas such as identifying if circumstances indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and
grouping affected assets, and developing the undiscounted and discounted estimated future cash flows (used to estimate fair value in the absence of market-based value) associated with the asset, including probability weighting such cash flows to
reflect expectations about possible variations in their amounts or timing, expectations about operating the long-lived assets and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. When determining whether an asset or asset group has been impaired,
management groups assets at the lowest level that has identifiable cash flows. Although cash flow estimates are based on relevant information available at the time the estimates are made, estimates of future cash flows are, by nature, highly
uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. For example, estimates of future cash flows would contemplate factors which may change over time, such as the expected use of the asset, including future production and sales levels, expected
fluctuations of prices of commodities sold and consumed and expected proceeds from dispositions. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of impairments related to certain long-lived assets.  
 E MPLOYEE  B ENEFIT  P LANS     Dominion sponsors noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for eligible active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. The projected costs of providing
benefits under these plans are dependent, in part, on historical information such as employee demographics, the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on plan assets. Assumptions about the future, including the expected long-term rate
of return on plan assets, discount rates applied to benefit obligations, mortality rates and the anticipated rate of increase in healthcare costs and participant compensation, also have a significant impact on employee benefit costs. The impact of
changes in these factors, as well as differences between Dominion’s assumptions and actual experience, is generally recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income over the remaining average service period of plan participants, rather than
immediately.  
  The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost
trend rates and mortality rates are critical assumptions. Dominion determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Historical return analysis to determine long-term historic returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset classes;
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Expected future risk premiums, asset volatilities and correlations;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Forecasts of an independent investment advisor;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of major stock market indices; and
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Investment allocation of plan assets. The strategic target asset allocation for Dominion’s pension funds is 28% U.S. equity, 18% non-U.S. equity,
35% fixed income, 3% real estate and 16% other alternative investments, such as private equity investments.  
 Strategic investment policies are established for Dominion’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/liability studies.
Factors considered in setting the investment policy include those mentioned above such as employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
Deviations from the plans’ strategic allocation are a function of Dominion’s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans’ actual
asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. Through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the target. Future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and
other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns.    Dominion develops assumptions, which are
then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor to ensure reasonableness. An internal committee selects the final assumptions. Dominion calculated its pension cost using an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
assumption of 8.75% for 2015 and 2014 and 8.50% for 2013. For 2016, the expected long-term rate of return for pension cost assumption is 8.75%. Dominion calculated its other postretirement benefit cost using an expected long-term rate of return on
plan assets assumption of 8.50% for 2015 and 2014 and 7.75% for 2013. For 2016, the expected long-term rate of return for other postretirement benefit cost assumption is 8.50%. The rate used in calculating other postretirement benefit cost is lower
than the rate used in calculating pension cost because of differences in the relative amounts of various types of investments held as plan assets.    Dominion determines discount rates from analyses of AA/Aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans. The discount rates used to calculate pension cost and other
postretirement benefit cost were 4.40% in 2015, ranged from 5.20% to 5.30% for pension plans and 5.00% to 5.10% for other postretirement benefit plans in 2014, and ranged from 4.40% to 4.80% in 2013. Dominion selected a discount rate ranging from
4.96% to 4.99% for pension plans and ranging from 4.93% to 4.94% for other postretirement benefit plans for determining its December 31, 2015 projected benefit obligations.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 43 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued
     

        
 
  Dominion establishes the healthcare cost trend rate assumption based on analyses of various
factors including the specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experienced and projected, and demographics of plan participants. Dominion’s healthcare cost trend rate assumption as of December 31, 2015 was 7.00% and is
expected to gradually decrease to 5.00% by 2019 and continue at that rate for years thereafter.    Dominion develops its
mortality assumption using plan-specific studies and projects mortality improvement using scales developed by the Society of Actuaries.    The following table illustrates the effect on cost of changing the critical actuarial assumptions previously discussed, while holding all other assumptions constant:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
     
   
   
 Increase in Net Periodic Cost 
   
 
     
    
   Change in 
 Actuarial   Assumption 
   
   
   Pension 
 Benefits 
   
    
   Other 
 Postretirement   Benefits 
   
 
 (millions, except percentages) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 (0.25 
 )%  
   
 $ 
 15 
    
    
 $ 
 1 
    
 
   Long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 (0.25 
 )%  
   
   
 16 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Healthcare cost trend rate 
    
   
 1 
  %  
   
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 21 
    
   In addition to the effects on cost, at December 31, 2015, a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would
increase Dominion’s projected pension benefit obligation by $212 million  and its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $40 million , while a 1.00% increase in the healthcare cost trend rate would increase its accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation by $157 million .    See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on Dominion’s employee benefit plans.    New Accounting Standards    See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of new accounting standards.  
 D OMINION       
     R ESULTS   OF 
O PERATIONS     Presented below is a summary of Dominion’s consolidated results:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 $ Change 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 $ Change 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Net Income attributable to Dominion 
    
 $ 
 1,899 
    
    
 $ 
 589 
    
    
 $ 
 1,310 
    
    
 $ 
 (387 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,697 
    
 
   Diluted EPS 
    
   
 3.20 
    
    
   
 0.96 
    
    
   
 2.24 
    
    
   
 (0.69 
 )  
   
   
 2.93 
    
   Overview    2015
 VS . 2014    Net income attributable to Dominion increased by 45% primarily due to the absence of charges associated with
Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities, the absence of losses related to the repositioning of Dominion’s producer services business in
the first quarter of 2014, and the absence of charges related to Dominion’s Liability
Manage- 

  
ment Exercise. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on legislation related to North Anna and offshore wind facilities. See  Liquidity and Capital
Resources  for more information on the Liability Management Exercise.    2014  VS . 2013  
 Net income attributable to Dominion decreased by 23% primarily due to charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the
development of a third nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities, charges associated with Dominion’s Liability Management Exercise, and the repositioning of Dominion’s producer services business, which was completed
in the first quarter of 2014. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on legislation related to North Anna and offshore wind facilities. See  Liquidity and Capital Resources  for more information on the
Liability Management Exercise. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in investment tax credits received, primarily from new solar projects.  
 Analysis of Consolidated Operations    Presented
below are selected amounts related to Dominion’s results of operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Operating Revenue 
   
 $ 
 11,683 
    
   
 $ 
 (753 
 )  
   
 $ 
 12,436 
    
   
 $ 
 (684 
 )  
   
 $ 
 13,120 
    
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
 2,725 
    
   
   
 (675 
 )  
   
   
 3,400 
    
   
   
 (485 
 )  
   
   
 3,885 
    
 
   Purchased electric capacity 
   
   
 330 
    
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 361 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 358 
    
 
   Purchased gas 
   
   
 551 
    
   
   
 (804 
 )  
   
   
 1,355 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 1,331 
    
 
   Net Revenue 
   
   
 8,077 
    
   
   
 757 
    
   
   
 7,320 
    
   
   
 (226 
 )  
   
   
 7,546 
    
 
   Other operations and maintenance 
   
   
 2,595 
    
   
   
 (170 
 )  
   
   
 2,765 
    
   
   
 306 
    
   
   
 2,459 
    
 
   Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
   
   
 1,395 
    
   
   
 103 
    
   
   
 1,292 
    
   
   
 84 
    
   
   
 1,208 
    
 
   Other taxes 
   
   
 551 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 542 
    
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 563 
    
 
   Other income 
   
   
 196 
    
   
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 250 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 265 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
   
   
 904 
    
   
   
 (289 
 )  
   
   
 1,193 
    
   
   
 316 
    
   
   
 877 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 905 
    
   
   
 453 
    
   
   
 452 
    
   
   
 (440 
 )  
   
   
 892 
    
 
   Loss from discontinued operations 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 92 
    
   
   
 (92 
 )  
   An analysis of Dominion’s results of operations follows:  
 2015  VS . 2014    Net revenue  increased 10%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of losses related to the repositioning of Dominion’s producer services business in the first quarter of 2014, reflecting the
termination of natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities ($313 million);  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $159 million increase from electric utility operations, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   An increase from rate adjustment clauses ($225 million);  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   An increase in sales to retail customers, primarily due to a net increase in cooling degree days ($38 million); and  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A decrease in capacity related expenses ($33 million); partially offset by  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   An $85 million write-off of deferred fuel costs associated with Virginia legislation enacted in February 2015;
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 44 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   A decrease in sales to customers due to the effect of changes in customer usage and other factors ($24 million); and  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A decrease due to a charge based on the 2015 Biennial Review Order to refund revenues to customers ($20 million).  
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of losses related to the retail electric energy marketing business which was sold in the first quarter of 2014 ($129 million);
 
 
 
 • 
   
   A $77 million increase from merchant generation operations, primarily due to increased generation output reflecting the absence of planned outages at
certain merchant generation facilities ($83 million) and additional solar generating facilities placed into service ($53 million), partially offset by lower realized prices ($58 million);  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $38 million increase from regulated natural gas distribution operations, primarily due to an increase in rate adjustment clause revenue related to
low income assistance programs ($12 million), an increase in AMR and PIR program revenues ($24 million) and various expansion projects placed into service ($22 million); partially offset by a decrease in gathering revenues ($9 million); and
 
 
 
 • 
   
   A $30 million increase from regulated natural gas transmission operations, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A $61 million increase in gas transportation and storage activities, primarily due to the addition of DCG ($62 million), decreased fuel costs ($24
million) and various expansion projects placed into service ($24 million), partially offset by decreased regulated gas sales ($46 million); and  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A $46 million net increase primarily due to services performed for Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Blue Racer; partially offset by
 
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A $61 million decrease from NGL activities, primarily due to decreased prices.  
 Other operations and maintenance  decreased 6%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at North
Anna and offshore wind facilities ($370 million);  
 
 
 • 
   
   An increase in gains from agreements to convey shale development rights underneath several natural gas storage fields ($63 million);
 
 
 
 • 
   
   A $97 million decrease in planned outage costs primarily due to a decrease in scheduled outage days at certain merchant generation facilities ($59
million) and non-nuclear utility generation facilities ($38 million); and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $22 million decrease in charges related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities.
   These decreases were partially offset by:  
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of a gain on the sale of Dominion’s electric retail energy marketing business in March 2014 ($100 million), net of a $31 million
write-off of goodwill;  
 
 
 • 
   
   An $80 million increase in certain electric transmission-related expenditures. These expenses are primarily recovered through state and FERC rates and
do not impact net income;  

 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of gains on the sale of assets to Blue Racer ($59 million);  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $53 million increase in utility nuclear refueling outage costs primarily due to the amortization of outage costs that were previously deferred
pursuant to Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014;  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $46 million net increase due to services performed for Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Blue Racer. These expenses are billed to these entities and do not
significantly impact net income; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $22 million increase due to the acquisition of DCG.    Other income  decreased 22%, primarily reflecting lower tax recoveries
associated with contributions in aid of construction ($17 million), a decrease in interest income related to income taxes ($12 million), and lower net realized gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds ($11 million).  
 Interest and related
charges  decreased 24%, primarily as a result of the absence of charges associated with Dominion’s Liability Management Exercise in 2014.  
 Income tax expense 
increased 100%, primarily reflecting higher pre-tax income.    2014  VS . 2013  
 Net revenue  decreased 3%, primarily
reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $263 million decrease from retail energy marketing operations, primarily due to the sale of the retail electric business in March 2014; and
 
 
 
 • 
   
   A $195 million decrease primarily related to the repositioning of Dominion’s producer services business which was completed in the first quarter
of 2014, reflecting the termination of natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities.    These
decreases were partially offset by:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $171 million increase from electric utility operations, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   An increase from rate adjustment clauses at electric utility operations ($132 million); and  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   An increase in sales from electric utility operations primarily due to an increase in heating degree days ($34 million);  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $46 million increase in gas transportation and storage activities and other revenues, largely due to various expansion projects being placed into
service; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $35 million increase in merchant generation margins, primarily due to higher realized prices ($120 million), partially offset by lower generation
output due to the decommissioning of Kewaunee beginning in May 2013 ($95 million).    Other operations and maintenance  increased 12%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   $370 million in charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at North
Anna and offshore wind facilities;  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $135 million increase in planned outage costs at certain merchant generation facilities and at certain non-nuclear utility facilities; and
 
 
 
 • 
   
   A $121 million charge related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain utility generation facilities.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 45 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued
     

        
 
  These increases were partially offset by:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A gain on the sale of Dominion’s electric retail energy marketing business in March 2014 ($100 million), net of a $31 million write-off of
goodwill;  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $67 million decrease primarily due to the deferral of utility nuclear outage costs beginning in the second quarter of 2014, pursuant to the Virginia
legislation enacted in April 2014;  
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of a $65 million charge primarily reflecting impairment charges recorded in 2013 for certain natural gas infrastructure assets; and
 
 
 
 • 
   
   A decrease in bad debt expense at regulated natural gas distribution operations primarily related to low-income assistance programs ($53 million).
These bad debt expenses are recovered through rates and do not impact net income.    Interest and related charges  increased 36%, primarily due to charges associated with Dominion’s Liability Management Exercise in 2014 ($284
million) and higher long-term debt interest expense resulting from debt issuances in 2014 ($44 million).    Income tax expense  decreased 49%, primarily reflecting lower pre-tax income ($350 million) and the impact of federal renewable energy investment tax
credits ($105 million).    Loss from discontinued operations  reflects the sale of Brayton Point and Kincaid in 2013.    Outlook  
 Dominion’s strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated
businesses. The goals of this strategy are to provide EPS growth, a growing dividend and to maintain a stable credit profile. Dominion expects 80% to 90% of earnings from its primary operating segments to come from regulated and long-term contracted
businesses.    In 2016, Dominion is expected to experience an increase in net income on a per share basis as compared to 2015.
Dominion’s anticipated 2016 results reflect the following significant factors:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A return to normal weather in its electric utility operations;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Growth in weather-normalized electric utility sales of approximately 1%;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Construction and operation of growth projects in electric utility operations and associated rate adjustment clause revenue;
 
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of a write-off of deferred fuel costs associated with Virginia legislation enacted in February 2015 and decreased charges related to future
ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities;  
 
 
 • 
   
   A lower effective tax rate, driven primarily by additional investment tax credits;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Construction and operation of growth projects in gas transmission and distribution; partially offset by  
 
 
 • 
   
   An increase in depreciation, depletion, and amortization;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Higher operating and maintenance expenses; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   Share dilution.    Additionally, in 2016, Dominion expects to focus on meeting new and developing environmental requirements, including by making investments in utility solar generation, particularly in Virginia.
 
    
 S EGMENT  R ESULTS   OF  O PERATIONS     Segment results include the impact of intersegment revenues and expenses, which may result in intersegment profit or loss. Presented below is a summary of contributions by Dominion’s operating
segments to net income attributable to Dominion:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
     
   
   Net 
 Income   attribu- 
 table   to 
 Dominion 
   
   
   Diluted 
 EPS 
   
   
   Net 
 Income   attribu- 
 table   to 
 Dominion 
   
   
   Diluted 
 EPS 
   
   
   Net 
 Income   attribu- 
 table   to 
 Dominion 
   
   
   Diluted 
 EPS 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   DVP 
   
 $ 
 490 
    
   
 $ 
 0.82 
    
   
 $ 
 502 
    
   
 $ 
 0.86 
    
   
 $ 
 475 
    
   
 $ 
 0.82 
    
 
   Dominion Generation (1) 
   
   
 1,120 
    
   
   
 1.89 
    
   
   
 1,061 
    
   
   
 1.81 
    
   
   
 963 
    
   
   
 1.66 
    
 
   Dominion
Energy (1) 
   
   
 680 
    
   
   
 1.15 
    
   
   
 717 
    
   
   
 1.23 
    
   
   
 711 
    
   
   
 1.23 
    
 
   Primary operating segments 
   
   
 2,290 
    
   
   
 3.86 
    
   
   
 2,280 
    
   
   
 3.90 
    
   
   
 2,149 
    
   
   
 3.71 
    
 
   Corporate and Other 
   
   
 (391 
 )  
   
   
 (0.66 
 )  
   
   
 (970 
 )  
   
   
 (1.66 
 )  
   
   
 (452 
 )  
   
   
 (0.78 
 )  
 
   Consolidated 
   
 $ 
 1,899 
    
   
 $ 
 3.20 
    
   
 $ 
 1,310 
    
   
 $ 
 2.24 
    
   
 $ 
 1,697 
    
   
 $ 
 2.93 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts have been recast to reflect nonregulated retail energy marketing operations in the Dominion Energy segment.  
 DVP    Presented below are operating statistics
related to DVP’s operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Electricity delivered (million MWh) 
   
   
 83.9 
    
   
   
 — 
 %  
   
   
 83.5 
    
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 82.4 
    
 
   Degree days: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cooling 
   
   
 1,849 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 1,638 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,645 
    
 
   Heating 
   
   
 3,416 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 3,793 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 3,651 
    
 
   Average electric distribution customer accounts (thousands) (1) 
   
   
 2,525 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2,500 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2,475 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Period average.    Presented below, on an
after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting DVP’s net income contribution:    2015  VS . 2014  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
   
 EPS 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Regulated electric sales: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weather 
    
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 0.01 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   FERC transmission equity return 
    
   
 36 
    
   
   
 0.06 
    
 
   Tax recoveries on contribution in aid of construction 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Other operations and maintenance 
    
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   AFUDC equity return 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   Share dilution 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Change in net income contribution 
    
 $ 
 (12 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.04 
 )  
     

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 46 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  2014  VS . 2013  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
   
 EPS 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Regulated electric sales: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weather 
    
 $ 
 8 
    
   
 $ 
 0.01 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   FERC transmission equity return 
    
   
 27 
    
   
   
 0.04 
    
 
   Storm damage and service restoration 
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Change in net income contribution 
    
 $ 
 27 
    
   
 $ 
 0.04 
    
   Dominion Generation  
 Presented below are operating statistics related to Dominion Generation’s operations:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Electricity supplied (million MWh): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Utility 
   
   
 85.2 
    
   
   
 2 
 %  
   
   
 83.9 
    
   
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 82.8 
    
 
   Merchant (1) 
   
   
 26.9 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 25.0 
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 26.6 
    
 
   Degree days (electric utility service area): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cooling 
   
   
 1,849 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 1,638 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,645 
    
 
   Heating 
   
   
 3,416 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 3,793 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 3,651 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Excludes 7.6 million MWh for 2013 related to Kewaunee, Brayton Point, Kincaid, State Line power station, Salem Harbor power station and Dominion’s equity
method investment in Elwood. There are no exclusions related to these stations in 2014 or 2015.    Presented below, on an
after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting Dominion Generation’s net income contribution:    2015  VS . 2014
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
   
 EPS 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Merchant generation margin 
    
 $ 
 53 
    
   
 $ 
 0.09 
    
 
   Regulated electric sales: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weather 
    
   
 19 
    
   
   
 0.03 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Rate adjustment clause equity return 
    
   
 20 
    
   
   
 0.03 
    
 
   PJM ancillary services 
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Outage costs 
    
   
 26 
    
   
   
 0.05 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (32 
 )  
   
   
 (0.05 
 )  
 
   Capacity related expenses 
    
   
 20 
    
   
   
 0.03 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
 
   Share dilution 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
 
   Change in net income contribution 
    
 $ 
 59 
    
   
 $ 
 0.08 
    
   
  2014  VS . 2013  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
   
 EPS 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Merchant generation margin 
    
 $ 
 64 
    
   
   
 0.11 
    
 
   Regulated electric sales: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weather 
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   Rate adjustment clause equity return 
    
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   PJM ancillary services 
    
   
 24 
    
   
   
 0.04 
    
 
   Renewable energy investment tax credits 
    
   
 97 
    
   
   
 0.17 
    
 
   Outage costs 
    
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 (0.07 
 )  
 
   AFUDC equity return 
    
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
 
   Salaries and benefits 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (0.04 
 )  
 
   Change in net income contribution 
    
 $ 
 98 
    
   
 $ 
 0.15 
    
   Dominion Energy  
 Presented below are selected operating statistics related to Dominion Energy’s operations.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Gas distribution throughput (bcf): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Sales 
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 (16 
 )%  
   
   
 32 
    
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 29 
    
 
   Transportation 
   
   
 470 
    
   
   
 33 
    
   
   
 353 
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
   
 281 
    
 
   Heating degree days 
   
   
 5,666 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 6,330 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 5,875 
    
 
   Average gas distribution customer accounts
(thousands) (1) : 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Sales 
   
   
 240 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 244 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 246 
    
 
   Transportation 
   
   
 1,057 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,052 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,049 
    
 
   Average retail energy marketing customer accounts (thousands) (1) 
   
   
 1,296 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1,283 
 (2)   
   
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 2,119 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Period average.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Excludes 511 thousand average retail electric energy marketing customer accounts due to the sale of this business in March 2014.  
 Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impacting Dominion Energy’s net income contribution:  
 2015  VS . 2014      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
   
 EPS 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Gas distribution margin: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weather 
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   Rate adjustment clauses 
    
   
 16 
    
   
   
 0.03 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
 
   Assignment of shale development rights 
    
   
 33 
    
   
   
 0.06 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Blue Racer 
    
   
 (39 
 ) (1)   
   
   
 (0.07 
 )  
 
   Noncontrolling interest (2) 
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Retail energy marketing operations 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 (0.04 
 )  
 
   Share dilution 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   Change in net income contribution 
    
 $ 
 (37 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.08 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Primarily represents absence of a gain from the sale of the Northern System.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents the portion of earnings attributable to Dominion Midstream’s public unitholders.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 47 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued
     

        
 
  2014  VS . 2013  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Increase (Decrease) 
   
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
   
 EPS 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Gas distribution margin: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weather 
    
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 0.01 
    
 
   Rate adjustment clauses 
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 0.02 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 5 
    
   
   
 0.01 
    
 
   Assignment of shale development rights 
    
   
 31 
    
   
   
 0.05 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 (0.01 
 )  
 
   Blue Racer (1) 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Retail energy marketing operations (2) 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
 
   Share dilution 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Change in net income contribution 
    
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes a $24 million decrease in gains from the sale of assets.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Excludes earnings from Retail electric energy marketing, which was sold in March 2014.    Corporate and Other    Presented below are the Corporate and Other segment’s after-tax results:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS amounts) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Specific items attributable to operating segments 
    
 $ 
 (136 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (544 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (184 
 )  
 
   Specific items attributable to Corporate and Other segment 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (149 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total specific items 
    
   
 (141 
 )  
   
   
 (693 
 )  
   
   
 (184 
 )  
 
   Other corporate operations 
    
   
 (250 
 )  
   
   
 (277 
 )  
   
   
 (268 
 )  
 
   Total net expense 
    
 $ 
 (391 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (970 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (452 
 )  
 
   EPS impact 
    
 $ 
 (0.66 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1.66 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (0.78 
 )  
   T OTAL  S PECIFIC  I TEMS   
 Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion’s primary operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated
by executive management in assessing those segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments. See Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of these items in more detail. Corporate and other also includes
specific items attributable to the Corporate and Other segment. In 2014, this primarily included $174 million in after-tax charges associated with Dominion’s Liability Management Exercise.  
 V IRGINIA  P OWER       
     R ESULTS   OF 
O PERATIONS     Presented below is a summary of Virginia Power’s consolidated results:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 $ Change 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 $ Change 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 1,087 
    
    
 $ 
 229 
    
    
 $ 
 858 
    
    
 $ 
 (280 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,138 
    
   Overview    2015
 VS . 2014    Net income increased by 27% primarily due to the absence of charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted
in April 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities.
 
  2014  VS . 2013    Net income decreased by 25% primarily due to charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind
facilities.    Analysis of Consolidated Operations    Presented below are selected amounts related to Virginia Power’s results of operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Operating Revenue 
   
 $ 
 7,622 
    
   
 $ 
 43 
    
   
 $ 
 7,579 
    
   
 $ 
 284 
    
   
 $ 
 7,295 
    
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
 2,320 
    
   
   
 (86 
 )  
   
   
 2,406 
    
   
   
 102 
    
   
   
 2,304 
    
 
   Purchased electric capacity 
   
   
 330 
    
   
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 360 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 358 
    
 
   Net Revenue 
   
   
 4,972 
    
   
   
 159 
    
   
   
 4,813 
    
   
   
 180 
    
   
   
 4,633 
    
 
   Other operations and maintenance 
   
   
 1,634 
    
   
   
 (282 
 )  
   
   
 1,916 
    
   
   
 465 
    
   
   
 1,451 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 953 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 915 
    
   
   
 62 
    
   
   
 853 
    
 
   Other taxes 
   
   
 264 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 258 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 249 
    
 
   Other income 
   
   
 68 
    
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 93 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 86 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
   
   
 443 
    
   
   
 32 
    
   
   
 411 
    
   
   
 42 
    
   
   
 369 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 659 
    
   
   
 111 
    
   
   
 548 
    
   
   
 (111 
 )  
   
   
 659 
    
   An analysis of Virginia Power’s results of operations follows:  
 2015  VS . 2014    Net revenue  increased 3%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   An increase from rate adjustment clauses ($225 million);  
 
 
 • 
   
   An increase in sales to retail customers, primarily due to a net increase in cooling degree days ($38 million); and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A decrease in capacity related expenses ($33 million); partially offset by  
 
 
 • 
   
   An $85 million write-off of deferred fuel costs associated with Virginia legislation enacted in February 2015;  
 
 
 • 
   
   A decrease in sales to customers due to the effect of changes in customer usage and other factors ($24 million); and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A decrease due to a charge based on the 2015 Biennial Review Order to refund revenues to customers ($20 million).  
 Other operations and maintenance  decreased 15%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of $370 million in charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit
located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $38 million decrease in planned outage costs primarily due to a decrease in scheduled outage days at certain non-nuclear utility generation
facilities.    These decreases were partially offset by:  
 
 
 • 
   
   An $80 million increase in certain electric transmission-related expenditures. These expenses are primarily recovered through state and FERC rates and
do not impact net income; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $53 million increase in utility nuclear refueling outage costs primarily due to the amortization of outage costs that were previously deferred
pursuant to Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014.  
 Other income  decreased
27%, primarily reflecting lower tax recoveries associated with contributions in aid of construction.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 48 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Income tax expense  increased 20%, primarily reflecting higher pre-tax income.    2014  VS . 2013
   Net revenue  increased 4%,
primarily reflecting increases from rate adjustment clauses ($132 million) and sales to customers due to an increase in heating degree days ($34 million).    Other operations and maintenance  increased 32%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   $370 million in charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third nuclear unit located at North
Anna and offshore wind facilities; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $121 million charge related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain generation facilities.
   Interest and related charges  increased 11%, primarily due to higher long-term debt interest expense resulting from debt issuances in August 2013 and February 2014.  
 Income tax expense 
decreased 17%, primarily reflecting lower pre-tax income.    D OMINION  G AS   
         R ESULTS   OF  O PERATIONS     Presented below is a
summary of Dominion Gas’ consolidated results:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 $ Change 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Net Income 
   
 $ 
 457 
    
   
 $ 
 (55 
 )  
   
 $ 
 512 
    
   
 $ 
 51 
    
   
 $ 
 461 
    
   Overview    2015
 VS . 2014    Net income decreased by 11% primarily due to the absence of gains on the indirect sale of assets to Blue Racer, a
decrease in income from NGL activities and higher interest expense, partially offset by increased gains from agreements to convey shale development rights underneath several natural gas storage fields.  
 2014  VS . 2013    Net income
increased by 11% primarily due to the absence of impairment charges for certain natural gas infrastructure assets and increased gains due to assignments of Marcellus acreage, partially offset by decreased gains on sales of assets to related parties.
 
  Analysis of Consolidated Operations    Presented below are selected amounts related to Dominion Gas’ results of operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 $ Change 
   
   
 2014 
   
    
 $ Change 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Operating Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,716 
    
    
 $ 
 (182 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,898 
    
    
 $ 
 (39 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,937 
    
 
   Purchased gas 
    
   
 133 
    
    
   
 (182 
 )  
   
   
 315 
    
    
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 323 
    
 
   Other energy-related purchases 
    
   
 21 
    
    
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 40 
    
    
   
 (53 
 )  
   
   
 93 
    
 
   Net Revenue 
    
   
 1,562 
    
    
   
 19 
    
   
   
 1,543 
    
    
   
 22 
    
   
   
 1,521 
    
 
   Other operations and maintenance 
    
   
 390 
    
    
   
 52 
    
   
   
 338 
    
    
   
 (85 
 )  
   
   
 423 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 217 
    
    
   
 20 
    
   
   
 197 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 188 
    
 
   Other taxes 
    
   
 166 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 157 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 148 
    
 
   Other income 
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 22 
    
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 28 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 73 
    
    
   
 46 
    
   
   
 27 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 28 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 283 
    
    
   
 (51 
 )  
   
   
 334 
    
    
   
 33 
    
   
   
 301 
    
   An analysis of Dominion Gas’ results of operations follows:    2015  VS . 2014    Net
revenue  increased 1%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $43 million increase from regulated natural gas distribution operations, primarily due to an increase in AMR and PIR program revenues ($24 million)
and various expansion projects placed into service ($22 million); partially offset by  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $27 million decrease from regulated natural gas transmission operations, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A $62 million decrease from NGL activities, primarily due to decreased prices; partially offset by  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A $2 million increase in gas transportation and storage activities, primarily due to decreased fuel costs ($24 million) and various expansion projects
placed into service ($24 million), partially offset by decreased regulated gas sales ($46 million); and  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A $33 million net increase in other revenue primarily due to services performed for Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Blue Racer ($47 million), partially
offset by a decrease in non-regulated gas sales ($8 million) and decreased farmout revenues ($6 million).  
 Other operations and maintenance  increased 15%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $47 million net increase due to services performed for Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Blue Racer. These expenses are billed to these entities and do not
significantly impact net income; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of gains on the sale of assets to Blue Racer ($59 million); partially offset by  
 
 
 • 
   
   An increase in gains from agreements to convey shale development rights underneath several natural gas storage fields ($63 million).
   Depreciation and amortization  increased 10% primarily due to various expansion projects placed into service.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 49 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued
     

        
 
  Interest and related charges  increased $46 million, primarily due to higher long-term debt interest expense resulting from debt issuances in December 2014.    Income tax expense  decreased 15% primarily reflecting lower pre-tax income.  
 2014  VS . 2013    Other operations and maintenance  decreased 20%, primarily reflecting:  
 
 
 • 
   
   The absence of impairment charges related to certain natural gas infrastructure assets ($55 million);  
 
 
 • 
   
   A decrease in bad debt expense at regulated natural gas distribution operations primarily related to low income assistance programs ($53 million).
These bad debt expenses are recovered through rates and do not impact net income; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   An increase in gains associated with assignments of Marcellus acreage ($42 million); partially offset by  
 
 
 • 
   
   Decreased gains on the sale of assets to related parties ($43 million).  
 Income tax expense 
increased 11% primarily reflecting higher pre-tax income.          
 L IQUIDITY   AND  C APITAL  R ESOURCES   
 Dominion depends on both internal and external sources of liquidity to provide working capital and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. Short-term
cash requirements not met by cash provided by operations are generally satisfied with proceeds from short-term borrowings. Long-term cash needs are met through issuances of debt and/or equity securities.  
 At December 31, 2015, Dominion had $932 million of unused capacity under its credit facilities. See additional discussion below
under  Credit Facilities and Short-Term Debt.     A summary of Dominion’s cash flows is presented below:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 318 
    
   
 $ 
 316 
    
   
 $ 
 248 
    
 
   Cash flows provided by (used in): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating activities 
    
   
 4,475 
    
   
   
 3,439 
    
   
   
 3,433 
    
 
   Investing activities 
    
   
 (6,503 
 )  
   
   
 (5,181 
 )  
   
   
 (3,458 
 )  
 
   Financing activities 
    
   
 2,317 
    
   
   
 1,744 
    
   
   
 93 
    
 
   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 289 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 68 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 607 
    
   
 $ 
 318 
    
   
 $ 
 316 
    
   Operating Cash Flows  
 Net cash provided by Dominion’s operating activities increased $1.0 billion, primarily due to the absence of losses related to the repositioning of
Dominion’s producer services business in 2014, higher deferred fuel cost recoveries in its Virginia jurisdiction, higher revenue from rate adjustment clauses, lower outage costs and the absence of losses related to the retail electric energy
marketing business in 2014.    Dominion believes that its operations provide a stable source of cash flow to contribute to
planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow the dividend on common shares. In
 

  
December 2015, Dominion’s Board of Directors affirmed the dividend policy it set in February 2015 targeting a payout ratio of 70-75%, and established an annual dividend rate for 2016 of
$2.80 per share of common stock, an 8.1% increase over the 2015 rate. Dividends are subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. In January 2016, Dominion’s Board of Directors declared dividends payable in March 2016 of 70 cents per share
of common stock.    Dominion’s operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or
amounts of operating cash flows, and which are discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors.    C REDIT  R ISK 
   Dominion’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk results primarily from its energy marketing and price risk management
activities. Presented below is a summary of Dominion’s credit exposure as of December 31, 2015 for these activities. Gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or
off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Gross Credit Exposure 
   
    
 Credit Collateral 
   
    
 Net Credit Exposure 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Investment grade (1) 
    
 $ 
 103 
    
    
 $ 
 48 
    
    
 $ 
 55 
    
 
   Non-investment grade (2) 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   No external ratings: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Internally rated-investment grade (3) 
    
   
 14 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 14 
    
 
   Internally rated-non-investment grade (4) 
    
   
 30 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 30 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 149 
    
    
 $ 
 48 
    
    
 $ 
 101 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Designations as investment grade are based upon minimum credit ratings assigned by Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s. The five largest counterparty
exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 45% of the total net credit exposure.  
 
 
 (2) 
 The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 2% of the total net credit exposure.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 14% of the total net credit exposure.  
 
 
 (4) 
 The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 20% of the total net credit exposure.  
 Investing Cash Flows    In 2015, net cash used in
Dominion’s investing activities increased $1.3 billion, primarily due to Dominion’s acquisition of DCG in 2015, an increase in acquisitions of solar development projects in 2015, and the absence of proceeds from the sale of Dominion’s
electric retail energy marketing business in 2014.    Financing Cash Flows and Liquidity    Dominion relies on capital markets as significant sources of funding for capital requirements not satisfied by cash provided by its operations. As discussed in  Credit Ratings , Dominion’s
ability to borrow funds or issue securities and the return demanded by investors are affected by credit ratings. In addition, the raising of external capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, including registration with the SEC for
certain issuances.    Dominion currently meets the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer under SEC rules governing the
registration, communications and offering processes under the Securities Act of 1933. The rules provide for a streamlined shelf registration
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 50 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
process to provide registrants with timely access to capital. This allows Dominion to use automatic shelf registration statements to register any offering of securities, other than those for
exchange offers or business combination transactions.    In 2015, net cash provided by Dominion’s financing activities
increased $573 million, primarily due to the issuance of common stock through an at-the-market program, proceeds from the sale of interest in merchant solar projects and the absence of subsidiary preferred stock redemption in 2014, partially offset
by the absence of proceeds from the issuance of Dominion Midstream common units in 2014.    L IABILITY  M ANAGEMENT 
   During 2014, Dominion elected to redeem certain debt and preferred securities prior to their stated maturities. Proceeds from the
issuance of lower-cost senior and enhanced junior subordinated notes were used to fund the redemption payments. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for descriptions of these redemptions.  
 From time to time, Dominion may reduce its outstanding debt and level of interest expense through redemption of debt securities prior to
maturity and repurchases in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through tender offers or otherwise.  
 C REDIT  F ACILITIES   AND  S HORT - TERM  D EBT   
 Dominion uses short-term debt to fund working capital requirements and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. The levels of borrowing may vary
significantly during the course of the year, depending upon the timing and amount of cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. In January 2016, Dominion expanded its short-term funding resources through a $1.0 billion increase to one
of its joint revolving credit facility limits. In addition, Dominion utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral requirements. Collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels, Dominion’s credit ratings and
the credit quality of its counterparties.    In connection with commodity hedging activities, Dominion is required to provide
collateral to counterparties under some circumstances. Under certain collateral arrangements, Dominion may satisfy these requirements by electing to either deposit cash, post letters of credit or, in some cases, utilize other forms of security. From
time to time, Dominion may vary the form of collateral provided to counterparties after weighing the costs and benefits of various factors associated with the different forms of collateral. These factors include short-term borrowing and short-term
investment rates, the spread over these short-term rates at which Dominion can issue commercial paper, balance sheet impacts, the costs and fees of alternative collateral postings with these and other counterparties and overall liquidity management
objectives.  
  Dominion’s commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as capacity
available under credit facilities, were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 December 31, 2015 
    
   Facility 
 Limit 
   
    
   Outstanding 
 Commercial   Paper 
   
   
   Outstanding 
 Letters of   Credit 
   
    
   Facility 
 Capacity   Available 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Joint revolving credit facility (1) (2) 
    
 $ 
 4,000 
    
    
 $ 
 3,353 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 647 
    
 
   Joint revolving credit
facility (1) 
    
   
 500 
    
    
   
 156 
    
   
   
 59 
    
    
   
 285 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 4,500 
    
    
 $ 
 3,509 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 59 
    
    
 $ 
 932 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 These credit facilities mature in April 2019, and can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to a combined
$2.0 billion of letters of credit.  
 
 
 (2) 
 In January 2016, this facility limit was increased from $4.0 billion to $5.0 billion.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding commercial paper supported by Dominion’s credit facilities was 0.62% at December 31, 2015.
   S HORT - TERM  N OTES   
 In November 2014, Dominion issued $400 million of private placement short-term notes that matured and were repaid in November 2015 and bore interest at a
variable rate. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes.    In November 2015, Dominion issued $400 million of
private placement short-term notes that mature in May 2016 and bear interest at a variable rate. In December 2015, Dominion issued an additional $200 million of the variable rate short-term notes that mature in May 2016. The proceeds were used for
general corporate purposes.    In February 2016, Dominion purchased and cancelled $100 million of the variable rate short-term
notes that would have otherwise matured in May 2016 using the proceeds from the February 2016 issuance of senior notes that mature in 2018. As a result, at December 31, 2015, $100 million of the notes were included in long-term debt in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets.    L ONG - TERM  D EBT   
 During 2015, Dominion issued the following long-term debt:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Type 
    
 Principal 
   
    
 Rate 
   
   
 Maturity 
   
 
   
    
 (millions) 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Senior notes 
    
 $ 
 500 
    
    
   
 1.90 
 %  
   
   
 2018 
    
 
   Senior notes 
    
   
 700 
    
    
   
 2.80 
 %  
   
   
 2020 
    
 
   Senior notes 
    
   
 350 
    
    
   
 3.10 
 %  
   
   
 2025 
    
 
   Senior notes 
    
   
 650 
    
    
   
 3.90 
 %  
   
   
 2025 
    
 
   Senior notes 
    
   
 350 
    
    
   
 4.20 
 %  
   
   
 2045 
    
 
   Total notes issued 
    
 $ 
 2,550 
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   In August 2015, Virginia Power remarketed five series of tax-exempt bonds, with an aggregate outstanding
principal of $412 million to new investors. Two of the bonds will bear interest at a coupon rate of 1.75% until May 2019 after which they will bear interest at a market rate to be determined at that time. Three of the bonds will bear interest
at a coupon rate of 2.15% until September 2020 after which they will bear interest at a market rate to be determined at that time. Previously, interest on all of the remarketed bonds was variable and reset monthly. This remarketing was accounted for
as a debt extinguishment with the previous investors.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 51 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued
     

        
 
  During 2015, Dominion repaid and repurchased $892 million of long-term debt.  
 I SSUANCE   OF  C OMMON  S TOCK   AND  O THER  E QUITY 
S ECURITIES     Dominion maintains Dominion Direct ®  and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in Dominion’s common stock. These shares may either be newly issued or
purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. In January 2014, Dominion began purchasing its common stock on the open market for these plans. In April 2014, Dominion began issuing new common shares for these direct stock
purchase plans.    During 2015, Dominion issued 4.2 million shares of common stock totaling $295
million through employee savings plans, direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plans and other employee and director benefit plans. Dominion received cash proceeds of $284 million from the issuance of 4.1 million of such shares through
Dominion Direct ®  and employee savings plans.  
 During 2015, Dominion issued 6.8 million shares of common stock and received cash proceeds of $499 million, net of fees and commissions
paid of $3 million, through an at-the-market program and a registered underwritten public offering. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the at-the-market program and public offering.  
 During 2016, Dominion plans to issue shares for employee savings plans, direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment plans, stock
purchase contracts and to finance the Questar Combination. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of common stock to be issued by Dominion for stock purchase contracts.  
 R EPURCHASE   OF  C OMMON  S TOCK     Dominion did not repurchase any shares in 2015 and does not plan to repurchase shares during 2016, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted
stock, which does not count against its stock repurchase authorization.    P URCHASE   OF  D OMINION 
M IDSTREAM  U NITS     In September 2015, Dominion initiated a program to purchase from the market up to $50
million of common units representing limited partner interests in Dominion Midstream. The common units may be acquired by Dominion over the 12 month period following commencement of the program at the discretion of management. Through December 31,
2015, Dominion purchased approximately 887,000 common units for $25 million. In the first quarter of 2016, Dominion purchased approximately 377,000 additional common units for approximately $10 million. At February 23, 2016, Dominion still has the
ability to purchase up to $15 million of common units under the program.   P ROPOSED  A CQUISITION 
 OF  Q UESTAR     Under the terms of the Questar Combination announced in February 2016, Dominion has agreed to pay
Questar shareholders $25 per share, totaling approximately $4.4 billion as well as assume Questar’s outstanding debt, currently approximately $1.6 billion, which is expected to remain outstanding following the merger. Additionally,
Dominion entered into agreements with several of its lending banks pursuant to which they have
commit- 

  
ted to provide temporary debt financing consisting of a $3.9 billion acquisition facility. Dominion intends to permanently finance the transaction in a manner that supports its existing credit
ratings targets by issuing a combination of common stock, mandatory convertibles (including RSNs) and debt at Dominion and indirectly through an issuance of common units at Dominion Midstream, the proceeds of which will be applied to pay Dominion
for certain assets of Questar, which are expected to be contributed to Dominion Midstream. Subject to receipt of Questar shareholder and any required regulatory approvals and meeting closing conditions, Dominion targets closing by the end of
2016.    Credit Ratings    Credit ratings
are intended to provide banks and capital market participants with a framework for comparing the credit quality of securities and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Dominion believes that its current credit ratings provide
sufficient access to the capital markets. However, disruptions in the banking and capital markets not specifically related to Dominion may affect its ability to access these funding sources or cause an increase in the return required by investors.
Dominion’s credit ratings affect its liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which it is able to offer its debt securities.  
 Both quantitative (financial strength) and qualitative (business or operating characteristics) factors are considered by the credit rating
agencies in establishing an individual company’s credit rating. Credit ratings should be evaluated independently and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. The credit ratings for Dominion are
affected by its financial profile, mix of regulated and nonregulated businesses and respective cash flows, changes in methodologies used by the rating agencies and event risk, if applicable, such as major acquisitions or dispositions.  
 In November 2014, Standard & Poor’s changed Dominion’s rating outlook to negative from stable. In February 2016, Standard
& Poor’s lowered the following ratings for Dominion: issuer to BBB+ from A-, senior unsecured debt securities to BBB from BBB+ and junior/remarketable subordinated debt securities to BBB- from BBB. In addition, Standard & Poor’s
affirmed Dominion’s commercial paper rating of A-2 and revised its outlook to stable from negative.    Credit ratings as of
February 23, 2016 follow:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Fitch 
   
    
 Moody’s 
   
    
 Standard & Poor’s 
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Issuer 
    
   
 BBB+ 
    
    
   
 Baa2 
    
    
   
 BBB+ 
    
 
   Senior unsecured debt securities 
    
   
 BBB+ 
    
    
   
 Baa2 
    
    
   
 BBB 
    
 
   Junior/remarketable subordinated debt securities 
    
   
 BBB- 
    
    
   
 Baa3 
    
    
   
 BBB- 
    
 
   Commercial paper 
    
   
 F2 
    
    
   
 P-2 
    
    
   
 A-2 
    
   As of February 23, 2016, Fitch, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s maintained a stable
outlook for their respective ratings of Dominion.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 52 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  A downgrade in an individual company’s credit rating does not necessarily restrict its
ability to raise short-term and long-term financing as long as its credit rating remains investment grade, but it could result in an increase in the cost of borrowing. Dominion works closely with Fitch, Moody’s and Standard &
Poor’s with the objective of achieving its targeted credit ratings. Dominion may find it necessary to modify its business plan to maintain or achieve appropriate credit ratings and such changes may adversely affect growth and EPS.  
 Debt Covenants    As part of borrowing funds and
issuing debt (both short-term and long-term) or preferred securities, Dominion must enter into enabling agreements. These agreements contain covenants that, in the event of default, could result in the acceleration of principal and interest
payments; restrictions on distributions related to capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments; and in some cases, the termination of credit commitments unless a waiver of such
requirements is agreed to by the lenders/security holders. These provisions are customary, with each agreement specifying which covenants apply. These provisions are not necessarily unique to Dominion.  
 Some of the typical covenants include:  
 
 
 • 
   
   The timely payment of principal and interest;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Information requirements, including submitting financial reports filed with the SEC and information about changes in Dominion’s credit ratings to
lenders;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Performance obligations, audits/inspections, continuation of the basic nature of business, restrictions on certain matters related to merger or
consolidation and restrictions on disposition of all or substantially all assets;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Compliance with collateral minimums or requirements related to mortgage bonds; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   Limitations on liens.    Dominion is required to pay annual commitment fees to maintain its credit facilities. In addition, Dominion’s credit agreements contain various terms and conditions that could affect its ability to
borrow under these facilities. They include maximum debt to total capital ratios and cross-default provisions.    As of
December 31, 2015, the calculated total debt to total capital ratio, pursuant to the terms of the agreements, was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Company 
    
 Maximum Allowed Ratio 
   
   
 Actual 
Ratio (1) 
   


 
   Dominion 
    
   
 65 
 %  
   
   
 61 
 %  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Indebtedness as defined by the bank agreements excludes junior subordinated and remarketable subordinated notes reflected as long-term debt as well as AOCI reflected
as equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    If Dominion or any of its material subsidiaries fails to make
payment on various debt obligations in excess of $100 million, the lenders could require the defaulting company, if it is a borrower under Dominion’s credit facilities, to accelerate its repayment of any outstanding borrowings and the
lenders could terminate their commitments, if any, to lend funds to that company under the credit facilities. In addition, if the defaulting
 

  
company is Virginia Power, Dominion’s obligations to repay any outstanding borrowing under the credit facilities could also be accelerated and the lenders’ commitments to Dominion could
terminate.    Dominion executed RCCs in connection with its issuance of the following hybrid securities:  
 
 
 • 
   
   June 2006 hybrids;  
 
 
 • 
   
   September 2006 hybrids; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   June 2009 hybrids.    In October 2014, Dominion redeemed all of the June 2009 hybrids. The redemption was conducted in compliance with the RCC. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information,
including terms of the RCCs.    At December 31, 2015, the termination dates and covered debt under the RCCs associated
with Dominion’s hybrids were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Hybrid 
    
   RCC 
 Termination   Date 
   
    
 
 Designated Covered Debt   Under
RCC 
   


 
   June 2006 hybrids 
    
   
 6/30/2036 
    
    
   
 September 2006 hybrids 
    
 
   September 2006 hybrids 
    
   
 9/30/2036 
    
    
   
 June 2006 hybrids 
    
   Dominion monitors these debt covenants on a regular basis in order to ensure that events of default will
not occur. As of December 31, 2015, there have been no events of default under or changes to Dominion’s debt covenants.    Dividend
Restrictions    Certain agreements associated with Dominion’s credit facilities contain restrictions on the ratio of debt to total
capitalization. These limitations did not restrict Dominion’s ability to pay dividends or receive dividends from its subsidiaries at December 31, 2015.    See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of potential restrictions on dividend payments by Dominion in connection with the deferral of interest payments on junior
subordinated notes and equity units, initially in the form of corporate units, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 53 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued
     

        
 
  Future Cash Payments for Contractual Obligations and Planned Capital Expenditures  
 C ONTRACTUAL  O BLIGATIONS     Dominion is party to numerous contracts and arrangements obligating it to make cash payments in future years. These contracts include financing arrangements such as debt agreements and leases, as well as
contracts for the purchase of goods and services and financial derivatives. Presented below is a table summarizing cash payments that may result from contracts to which Dominion is a party as of December 31, 2015. For purchase obligations
and other liabilities, amounts are based upon contract terms, including fixed and minimum quantities to be purchased at fixed or market-based prices. Actual cash payments will be based upon actual quantities purchased and prices paid and will likely
differ from amounts presented below. The table excludes all amounts classified as current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, other than current maturities of long-term debt, interest payable and certain derivative instruments. The
majority of Dominion’s current liabilities will be paid in cash in 2016.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 2016 
   
   
   2017- 
 2018 
   
   
   2019- 
 2020 
   
   
   2021 and 
 thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Long-term debt (1) 
   
 $ 
 1,926 
    
   
 $ 
 3,279 
    
   
 $ 
 4,250 
    
   
 $ 
 16,018 
    
   
 $ 
 25,473 
    
 
   Interest payments (2) 
   
   
 1,071 
    
   
   
 1,863 
    
   
   
 1,579 
    
   
   
 11,719 
    
   
   
 16,232 
    
 
   Leases (3) 
   
   
 67 
    
   
   
 116 
    
   
   
 68 
    
   
   
 153 
    
   
   
 404 
    
 
   Purchase obligations (4) : 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchased electric capacity for utility operations 
   
   
 249 
    
   
   
 261 
    
   
   
 117 
    
   
   
 46 
    
   
   
 673 
    
 
   Fuel commitments for utility operations 
   
   
 1,183 
    
   
   
 1,270 
    
   
   
 523 
    
   
   
 1,645 
    
   
   
 4,621 
    
 
   Fuel commitments for nonregulated operations 
   
   
 94 
    
   
   
 165 
    
   
   
 87 
    
   
   
 159 
    
   
   
 505 
    
 
   Pipeline transportation and storage 
   
   
 202 
    
   
   
 351 
    
   
   
 306 
    
   
   
 1,237 
    
   
   
 2,096 
    
 
   Other (5) 
   
   
 1,884 
    
   
   
 157 
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 2,062 
    
 
   Other long-term liabilities (6) : 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other contractual
obligations (7) 
   
   
 120 
    
   
   
 81 
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 226 
    
 
   Total cash payments 
   
 $ 
 6,796 
    
   
 $ 
 7,543 
    
   
 $ 
 6,960 
    
   
 $ 
 30,993 
    
   
 $ 
 52,292 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Based on stated maturity dates rather than the earlier redemption dates that could be elected by instrument holders. In February 2016, Dominion purchased and
cancelled $100 million of variable rate short-term notes that would have otherwise matured in May 2016 using the proceeds from the February 2016 issuance of senior notes that mature in 2018. As a result, at December 31, 2015, $100 million of the
notes were included in long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes interest payments over the terms of the debt and payments on related stock purchase contracts. Interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate or
forward interest rate curve at December 31, 2015 and outstanding principal for each instrument with the terms ending at each instrument’s stated maturity. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Does not reflect
Dominion’s ability to defer interest and stock purchase contract payments on junior subordinated notes or RSNs and equity units, initially in the form of Corporate Units.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Primarily consists of operating leases.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Amounts exclude open purchase orders for services that are provided on demand, the timing of which cannot be determined.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Includes capital, operations, and maintenance commitments.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Excludes regulatory liabilities, AROs and employee benefit plan obligations, which are not contractually fixed as to timing and amount. See Notes 12, 14 and 21 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. Due to uncertainty about the timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, $67 million of income taxes payable associated with unrecognized tax benefits are excluded. Deferred income taxes are also excluded
since cash payments are based primarily on taxable income for each discrete fiscal year. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Includes interest rate swap agreements.
 
  P LANNED  C APITAL  E XPENDITURES   
 Dominion’s planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $6.9 billion, $4.9 billion and $4.3 billion in 2016, 2017 and 2018,
respectively. Dominion’s planned expenditures include construction and expansion of electric generation and natural gas transmission and storage facilities, construction improvements and expansion of electric transmission and distribution
assets, purchases of nuclear fuel, the construction of the Liquefaction Project and funding of Dominion’s portion of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project.    Dominion expects to fund its capital expenditures with cash from operations and a combination of securities issuances and short-term borrowings. Planned capital expenditures include capital projects that
are subject to approval by regulators and the Board of Directors.    See  DVP, Dominion Generation  and  Dominion
Energy-Properties  in Item 1. Business for a discussion of Dominion’s expansion plans.    These estimates are based
on a capital expenditures plan reviewed and endorsed by Dominion’s Board of Directors in late 2015 and are subject to continuing review and adjustment and actual capital expenditures may vary from these estimates. Dominion may also choose to
postpone or cancel certain planned capital expenditures in order to mitigate the need for future debt financings and equity issuances.    Use of
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    G UARANTEES     Dominion primarily enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries. These arrangements are not subject to the provisions of FASB guidance that dictate a guarantor’s
accounting and disclosure requirements for guarantees, including indirect guarantees of indebtedness of others .  See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information, which information is incorporated herein by
reference.            F UTURE  I SSUES   AND  O THER  M ATTERS     See Item 1. Business and Notes 13 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on various environmental, regulatory, legal and other matters that may impact future
results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.    Environmental Matters    Dominion is subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment. These laws and regulations affect future
planning and existing operations. They can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations.    E NVIRONMENTAL  P ROTECTION   AND  M ONITORING  E XPENDITURES     Dominion incurred $190 million, $192 million and $182 million of expenses (including depreciation) during 2015, 2014, and 2013 respectively, in connection with environmental protection and monitoring
activities, excluding charges related to ash pond and landfill closure costs, and expects these expenses to be approximately $186 million and $187 million in 2016 and 2017,
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 54 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
respectively. In addition, capital expenditures related to environmental controls were $59 million, $101 million, and $64 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. These expenditures are
expected to be approximately $85 million and $113 million for 2016 and 2017, respectively.    F UTURE 
E NVIRONMENTAL  R EGULATIONS     Air    The CAA is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation’s air quality. At a minimum, delegated states are required to establish regulatory
programs to address all requirements of the CAA. However, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. Many of the Companies’ facilities are subject to the CAA’s permitting and other requirements.  
 In August 2015, the EPA issued final carbon standards for existing fossil fuel power plants. Known as the Clean Power
Plan, the rule uses a set of measures for reducing emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units and expanding
renewable resources. The new rule requires states to impose standards of performance limits for existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units or equivalent statewide intensity-based or mass-based CO 2  binding goals or limits. States are required to submit interim plans to
the EPA by September 2016 identifying how they will comply with the rule, with final plans due by September 2018. The EPA also proposed a federal plan and model trading rules that, when finalized, states can adopt or that would be put in place if,
in response to the final guidelines, a state either does not submit a state plan or its plan is not approved by the EPA. Virginia Power’s most recent integrated resources plan filed in July 2015 includes four alternative plans that represent
plausible compliance strategies with the rule as proposed, and which include additional coal unit retirements and additional low or zero-carbon resources. The final rule has been challenged in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. In
February 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay of the Clean Power Plan until the disposition of the petitions challenging the rule now before the Court of Appeals, and, if such petitions are filed in the future, before the U.S. Supreme Court.
Dominion does not know whether these legal challenges will impact the submittal deadlines for the state implementation plans. Subsequent to the stay, Virginia has announced that it will continue development of a state plan. Unless the rule survives
the court challenges and until the state plans are developed and the EPA approves the plans, Dominion cannot predict the potential financial statement impacts but believes the potential expenditures to comply could be material.  
 In December 2012, the EPA issued a final rule that set a more stringent annual air quality standard for fine particulate matter. The EPA
issued final attainment/nonattainment designations in January 2015. Until states develop their implementation plans, Dominion cannot determine whether or how facilities located in areas designated nonattainment for the standard will be impacted, but
does not expect such impacts to be material.    The EPA has finalized rules establishing a new 1-hour NAAQS
for NO 2  and a new 1-hour NAAQS for SO 2 , which could require additional NO X  and SO 2  controls in certain areas
 

  
where Dominion operates. Until the states have developed implementation plans for these standards, the impact on Dominion’s facilities that emit NO X  and SO 2  is uncertain. Additionally, the impact of permit limits for implementing NAAQS on Dominion’s facilities is uncertain
at this time.    In June 2005, the EPA finalized amendments to the Regional Haze Rule, also known as the Clean Air Visibility
Rule. The rule requires the states to implement best available retrofit technology requirements for sources to address impacts to visual air quality through regional haze state implementation plans, but allows other alternative options. Dominion
anticipates that the emission reductions achieved through compliance with other CAA-required programs will generally address this rule.    In December 2015, the EPA published a proposed revision to CSAPR. The proposal substantially reduces the CSAPR Phase II ozone season NO X  emission caps in 23 states including Virginia, West Virginia and North Carolina, relative to the Phase II caps under the
current CSAPR rule, that would take effect beginning with the 2017 ozone season. The proposed reductions in state ozone season NO X  caps would in turn reduce, by approximately 55% overall, the number of allowances Dominion electric generating units will
receive under the CSAPR ozone season NO X  program beginning
with the 2017 May - September ozone season. In addition, the EPA is proposing to discount the use of banked Phase I allowances for compliance in Phase II by applying either a 2:1 or 4:1 surrender ratio. Until the proposal is finalized, Dominion is
unable to predict with certainty the impact to future CSAPR ozone season allowance streams and to what extent the rule may require additional controls. The EPA expects to issue a final revision to CSAPR in August 2016.  
 In April 2014, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection issued proposed regulations to reduce
NO X  and VOC emissions from combustion sources. The
regulations are expected to be finalized in the second quarter of 2016. To comply with the regulations, Dominion Gas anticipates installing emission control systems on existing engines at several compressor stations in Pennsylvania. Until the
regulations are finalized, Dominion Gas cannot estimate the potential impacts on results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows related to this matter.    Climate Change    In December 2015, the Paris Agreement was formally adopted
under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. The accord establishes a universal framework for addressing GHG emissions involving actions by all nations through the concept of nationally determined contributions in which each
nation defines the GHG commitment it can make and sets in place a process for increasing those commitments every five years. It also contains a global goal of holding the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2 degrees
Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to aim to reach global peaking of GHG emissions as soon as possible.  
 A key element of the initial U.S. nationally determined contributions of achieving a 26% to 28% reduction below 2005 levels by 2025 is the
implementation of the Clean Power Plan, which establishes interim emission reduction targets for fossil fuel-fired electric generating units over the period 2022 through
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 55 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued
     

        
 
  
2029 with final targets to be achieved by 2030. The EPA estimates that the Clean Power Plan will result in a nationwide reduction in
CO 2  emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating
units of 32% from 2005 levels by 2030.    Dodd-Frank Act    The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The CEA, as amended by Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, requires certain over-the counter
derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. Non-financial entities that use swaps
to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, may elect the end-user exception to the CEA’s clearing requirements. Dominion has elected to exempt its swaps from the CEA’s clearing requirements. The CFTC may continue
to adopt final rules and implement provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act through its ongoing rulemaking process, including rules regarding margin requirements for non-cleared swaps. If, as a result of the rulemaking process, Dominion’s derivative
activities are not exempted from clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, it could be subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. In addition, Dominion’s swap dealer counterparties may
attempt to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with the implementation of, and compliance with, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act. Due to the ongoing rulemaking process, Dominion is currently unable to assess the potential impact of
the Dodd-Frank Act’s derivative-related provisions on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.      
     Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    The matters discussed in this Item may contain “forward-looking
statements” as described in the introductory paragraphs of Item 7. MD&A. The reader’s attention is directed to those paragraphs and Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of various risks and uncertainties that may impact the
Companies.            M ARKET  R ISK  S ENSITIVE  I NSTRUMENTS   AND  R ISK  M ANAGEMENT   
 The Companies’ financial instruments, commodity contracts and related financial derivative instruments are exposed to potential losses due to adverse
changes in commodity prices, interest rates and equity security prices as described below. Commodity price risk is present in Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s electric operations and Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ natural gas
procurement and marketing operations due to the exposure to market shifts in prices received and paid for electricity, natural gas and other commodities. The Companies use commodity derivative contracts to manage price risk exposures for these
operations. Interest rate risk is generally related to their outstanding debt and future issuances of debt. In addition, the Companies are exposed to investment price risk through various portfolios of equity and debt securities.  
 The following sensitivity analysis estimates the potential loss of future earnings or fair value from market risk sensitive instruments
over a selected time period due to a 10% change in commodity prices or interest rates.
 
  Commodity Price Risk    To manage price risk, Dominion and Virginia Power primarily hold commodity-based financial derivative instruments held for non-trading purposes associated with purchases and sales of electricity, natural
gas and other energy-related products and Dominion Gas primarily holds commodity-based financial derivative instruments held for non-trading purposes associated with purchases and sales of natural gas and other energy-related products.  
 The repositioning of Dominion’s producer services business was completed in the first quarter of 2014. This, combined with
Dominion’s sale of its electric retail energy marketing business, has reduced Dominion’s commodity price risk exposure.    The derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are executed within established policies and procedures and may include instruments such as futures, forwards, swaps, options and FTRs that are
sensitive to changes in the related commodity prices. For sensitivity analysis purposes, the hypothetical change in market prices of commodity-based financial derivative instruments is determined based on models that consider the market prices of
commodities in future periods, the volatility of the market prices in each period, as well as the time value factors of the derivative instruments. Prices and volatility are principally determined based on observable market prices.  
 A hypothetical 10% increase in commodity prices of Dominion’s commodity-based financial derivative instruments would have resulted in
a decrease in fair value of $62 million and $101 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The decline in sensitivity is largely due to decreased commodity derivative activity and lower commodity prices.  
 A hypothetical 10% increase in commodity prices would not have resulted in a material change in the fair value of Virginia Power’s
commodity-based financial derivatives as of December 31, 2015 or 2014.    A hypothetical 10% increase in commodity
prices of Dominion Gas’ commodity-based financial derivative instruments would have resulted in a decrease in fair value of $5 million and $2 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The increase in
sensitivity is largely due to an increase in commodity derivative volume.    The impact of a change in energy commodity prices on
the Companies’ commodity-based financial derivative instruments at a point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net losses from commodity derivative
instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction, such as revenue from physical sales of the commodity.    Interest Rate Risk    The Companies manage their interest rate risk exposure predominantly by
maintaining a balance of fixed and variable rate debt. They also enter into interest rate sensitive derivatives, including interest rate swaps and interest rate lock agreements. For variable rate debt and interest rate swaps designated under fair
value hedging and outstanding for the Companies, a hypothetical 10% increase in market interest rates would not have resulted in a material change in annual earnings at December 31, 2015 or 2014.  
 The Companies may also use forward-starting interest rate swaps and interest rate lock agreements as anticipatory hedges. As of
December 31, 2015, Dominion, Virginia Power and Domin-   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 56 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
ion Gas had $4.6 billion, $2.0 billion and $250 million, respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these interest rate derivatives outstanding. A hypothetical 10% decrease in market interest
rates would have resulted in a decrease of $71 million, $52 million and $2 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion’s, Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ interest rate derivatives at December 31, 2015. As of
December 31, 2014, Dominion, Virginia Power and Dominion Gas had $4.1 billion, $1.5 billion and $250 million, respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these interest rate derivatives outstanding. A hypothetical 10% decrease in market
interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of $46 million, $25 million and $2 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion’s, Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ interest rate derivatives at December 31, 2014.
   The impact of a change in interest rates on the Companies’ interest rate-based financial derivative instruments at a
point in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/or losses from interest rate derivative instruments used for hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will
generally be offset by recognition of the hedged transaction.    Investment Price Risk    Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to investment price risk due to securities held as investments in nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust funds that are managed by third-party investment managers.
These trust funds primarily hold marketable securities that are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value.  
 Dominion recognized net realized gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust investments of $184
million and $176 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Net realized gains and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. Dominion recorded, in AOCI and regulatory
liabilities, a net decrease in unrealized gains of $157 million in 2015, and a net increase in unrealized gains of $172 million in 2014.    Virginia Power recognized net realized gains (including investment income) on nuclear decommissioning trust investments of $88 million and $77 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. Net realized gains
and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. Virginia Power recorded, in AOCI and regulatory liabilities, a net decrease in unrealized gains of $76 million in 2015, and
a net increase in unrealized gains of $87 million in 2014.    Dominion sponsors pension and other postretirement employee benefit
plans that hold investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments. Virginia Power and Dominion Gas
 

  
employees participate in these plans. Dominion’s pension and other postretirement plan assets experienced aggregate actual losses of $72 million in 2015 and aggregate actual returns of $706
million in 2014, versus expected returns of $648 million and $610 million, respectively. Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement plan assets for employees represented by collective bargaining units experienced aggregate actual
losses of $13 million in 2015 and aggregate actual returns of $157 million in 2014, versus expected returns of $150 million and $138 million, respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets are accumulated
and amortized during future periods. As such, any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount
of cash to be contributed to the employee benefit plans. A hypothetical 0.25% decrease in the assumed long-term rates of return on Dominion’s plan assets would result in an increase in net periodic cost of $16 million and $15 million as of
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, for pension benefits and $3 million as of both December 31, 2015 and 2014, for other postretirement benefits. A hypothetical 0.25% decrease in the assumed long-term rates of return on Dominion
Gas’ plan assets, for employees represented by collective bargaining units, would result in an increase in net periodic cost of $4 million as of both December 31, 2015 and 2014 for pension benefits and $1 million as of both
December 31, 2015 and 2014, for other postretirement benefits.    Risk Management Policies  
 The Companies have established operating procedures with corporate management to ensure that proper internal controls are maintained. In addition,
Dominion has established an independent function at the corporate level to monitor compliance with the credit and commodity risk management policies of all subsidiaries, including Virginia Power and Dominion Gas. Dominion maintains credit policies
that include the evaluation of a prospective counterparty’s financial condition, collateral requirements where deemed necessary and the use of standardized agreements that facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single
counterparty. In addition, Dominion also monitors the financial condition of existing counterparties on an ongoing basis. Based on these credit policies and the Companies’ December 31, 2015 provision for credit losses, management
believes that it is unlikely that a material adverse effect on the Companies’ financial position, results of operations or cash flows would occur as a result of counterparty nonperformance.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 57 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Page Number 
   


 
 
 
 
   Dominion Resources, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 59 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 60 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
    
   
 61 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2015 and 2014 
    
   
 62 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Equity at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then
ended 
    
   
 64 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 65 
    
 
 
 
 
   Virginia Electric and Power Company 
    
 
 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 67 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 68 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
    
   
 69 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2015 and 2014 
    
   
 70 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder’s Equity at December 
31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then ended 
    
   
 72 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 73 
    
 
 
 
 
   Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC 
    
 
 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 75 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 76 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and
2013 
    
   
 77 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2015 and 2014 
    
   
 78 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Equity at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the years then
ended 
    
   
 80 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 81 
    
 
 
 
 
   Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 82 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 58 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R EPORT   OF  I NDEPENDENT 
R EGISTERED  P UBLIC  A CCOUNTING  F IRM       
         To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of    Dominion Resources, Inc.  
 Richmond, Virginia    We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dominion Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries (“Dominion”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of Dominion’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements based on our
audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dominion Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.    We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, based on the criteria established in
 Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on Dominion’s internal control
over financial reporting.    /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP    Richmond, Virginia    February 26, 2016  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 59 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Resources, Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Income  
    
        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions, except per share amounts) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating Revenue 
    
 $ 
 11,683 
    
    
 $ 
 12,436 
    
    
 $ 
 13,120 
    
 
   Operating Expenses 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
    
   
 2,725 
    
    
   
 3,400 
    
    
   
 3,885 
    
 
   Purchased electric capacity 
    
   
 330 
    
    
   
 361 
    
    
   
 358 
    
 
   Purchased gas 
    
   
 551 
    
    
   
 1,355 
    
    
   
 1,331 
    
 
   Other operations and maintenance 
    
   
 2,595 
    
    
   
 2,765 
    
    
   
 2,459 
    
 
   Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
    
   
 1,395 
    
    
   
 1,292 
    
    
   
 1,208 
    
 
   Other taxes 
    
   
 551 
    
    
   
 542 
    
    
   
 563 
    
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 8,147 
    
    
   
 9,715 
    
    
   
 9,804 
    
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 3,536 
    
    
   
 2,721 
    
    
   
 3,316 
    
 
   Other income 
    
   
 196 
    
    
   
 250 
    
    
   
 265 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 904 
    
    
   
 1,193 
    
    
   
 877 
    
 
   Income from continuing operations including noncontrolling interests before income taxes 
    
   
 2,828 
    
    
   
 1,778 
    
    
   
 2,704 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 905 
    
    
   
 452 
    
    
   
 892 
    
 
   Income from continuing operations including noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 1,923 
    
    
   
 1,326 
    
    
   
 1,812 
    
 
   Loss from discontinued operations (1) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (92 
 )  
 
   Net income including noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 1,923 
    
    
   
 1,326 
    
    
   
 1,720 
    
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 16 
    
    
   
 23 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
    
   
 1,899 
    
    
   
 1,310 
    
    
   
 1,697 
    
 
   Amounts attributable to Dominion: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations, net of tax 
    
   
 1,899 
    
    
   
 1,310 
    
    
   
 1,789 
    
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (92 
 )  
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
    
   
 1,899 
    
    
   
 1,310 
    
    
   
 1,697 
    
 
   Earnings Per Common Share-Basic: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 3.21 
    
    
 $ 
 2.25 
    
    
 $ 
 3.09 
    
 
   Loss from discontinued operations 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (0.16 
 )  
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
    
 $ 
 3.21 
    
    
 $ 
 2.25 
    
    
 $ 
 2.93 
    
 
   Earnings Per Common Share-Diluted: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 3.20 
    
    
 $ 
 2.24 
    
    
 $ 
 3.09 
    
 
   Loss from discontinued operations 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (0.16 
 )  
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
    
 $ 
 3.20 
    
    
 $ 
 2.24 
    
    
 $ 
 2.93 
    
 
   Dividends declared per common share 
    
 $ 
 2.59 
    
    
 $ 
 2.40 
    
    
 $ 
 2.25 
    
 
    
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes income tax benefit of $43 million in 2013.    The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 60 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Resources, Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
            
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income including noncontrolling interests 
    
 $ 
 1,923 
    
   
 $ 
 1,326 
    
   
 $ 
 1,720 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net deferred gains (losses) on derivatives-hedging activities, net of $(74), $(20) and $161 tax 
    
   
 110 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 (243 
 )  
 
   Changes in unrealized net gains on investment securities, net of $23, $(59) and $(136) tax 
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 128 
    
   
   
 203 
    
 
   Changes in net unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of $29, $189 and $(341) tax 
    
   
 (66 
 )  
   
   
 (305 
 )  
   
   
 516 
    
 
   Amounts reclassified to net income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net derivative (gains) losses-hedging activities, net of $68, $(59) and $(53) tax 
    
   
 (108 
 )  
   
   
 93 
    
   
   
 77 
    
 
   Net realized gains on investment securities, net of $29, $33 and $35 tax 
    
   
 (50 
 )  
   
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 (55 
 )  
 
   Net pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of $(35), $(24) and $(39) tax 
    
   
 51 
    
   
   
 33 
    
   
   
 55 
    
 
   Changes in other comprehensive loss from equity method investees, net of $1, $3 and
$—tax 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (58 
 )  
   
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 553 
    
 
   Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 1,865 
    
   
   
 1,234 
    
   
   
 2,273 
    
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 24 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 23 
    
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to Dominion 
    
 $ 
 1,841 
    
   
 $ 
 1,218 
    
   
 $ 
 2,250 
    
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 61 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Resources, Inc.  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    
        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 A SSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 607 
    
   
 $ 
 318 
    
 
   Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $32 and $34) 
    
   
 1,200 
    
   
   
 1,514 
    
 
   Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $2 and $3) 
    
   
 169 
    
   
   
 119 
    
 
   Inventories: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Materials and supplies 
    
   
 902 
    
   
   
 923 
    
 
   Fossil fuel 
    
   
 381 
    
   
   
 413 
    
 
   Gas stored 
    
   
 65 
    
   
   
 74 
    
 
   Derivative assets 
    
   
 255 
    
   
   
 536 
    
 
   Margin deposit assets 
    
   
 16 
    
   
   
 287 
    
 
   Prepayments 
    
   
 198 
    
   
   
 167 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 800 
    
 
   Regulatory assets 
    
   
 351 
    
   
   
 347 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 47 
    
   
   
 117 
    
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 4,191 
    
   
   
 5,615 
    
 
   Investments 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 
    
   
 4,183 
    
   
   
 4,196 
    
 
   Investment in equity method affiliates 
    
   
 1,320 
    
   
   
 1,081 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 271 
    
   
   
 284 
    
 
   Total investments 
    
   
 5,774 
    
   
   
 5,561 
    
 
   Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 57,776 
    
   
   
 51,406 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization 
    
   
 (16,222 
 )  
   
   
 (15,136 
 )  
 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 41,554 
    
   
   
 36,270 
    
 
   Deferred Charges and Other Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 3,294 
    
   
   
 3,044 
    
 
   Pension and other postretirement benefit assets 
    
   
 943 
    
   
   
 956 
    
 
   Intangible assets, net 
    
   
 570 
    
   
   
 570 
    
 
   Regulatory assets 
    
   
 1,865 
    
   
   
 1,642 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 606 
    
   
   
 669 
    
 
   Total deferred charges and other assets 
    
   
 7,278 
    
   
   
 6,881 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 58,797 
    
   
 $ 
 54,327 
    
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 62 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 L IABILITIES   AND  E QUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Securities due within one year 
    
 $ 
 1,826 
    
   
 $ 
 1,375 
    
 
   Short-term debt 
    
   
 3,509 
    
   
   
 2,775 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 726 
    
   
   
 952 
    
 
   Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 
    
   
 515 
    
   
   
 566 
    
 
   Derivative liabilities 
    
   
 312 
    
   
   
 591 
    
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 1,232 
    
   
   
 939 
    
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 8,120 
    
   
   
 7,198 
    
 
   Long-Term Debt 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 20,172 
    
   
   
 18,348 
    
 
   Junior subordinated notes 
    
   
 1,358 
    
   
   
 1,374 
    
 
   Remarketable subordinated notes 
    
   
 2,086 
    
   
   
 2,083 
    
 
   Total long-term debt 
    
   
 23,616 
    
   
   
 21,805 
    
 
   Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 
    
   
 7,414 
    
   
   
 7,444 
    
 
   Asset retirement obligations 
    
   
 1,887 
    
   
   
 1,633 
    
 
   Pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities 
    
   
 1,199 
    
   
   
 1,296 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities 
    
   
 2,285 
    
   
   
 1,991 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 674 
    
   
   
 1,003 
    
 
   Total deferred credits and other liabilities 
    
   
 13,459 
    
   
   
 13,367 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 45,195 
    
   
   
 42,370 
    
 
   Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 22) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock-no
par (2) 
    
   
 6,680 
    
   
   
 5,876 
    
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 6,458 
    
   
   
 6,095 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (474 
 )  
   
   
 (416 
 )  
 
   Total common shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 12,664 
    
   
   
 11,555 
    
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 938 
    
   
   
 402 
    
 
   Total equity 
    
   
 13,602 
    
   
   
 11,957 
    
 
   Total liabilities and equity 
    
 $ 
 58,797 
    
   
 $ 
 54,327 
    
 
    
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 3 for amounts attributable to related parties.  
 
 
 (2) 
 1 billion shares authorized; 596 million shares and 585 million shares outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 63 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Resources, Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Equity  
    
        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Dominion Shareholders 
   
   
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
   
 
     
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
   
 Total Common Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
 Noncontrolling Interests 
   
   
 Total Equity 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   December 31, 2012 
    
   
 576 
    
    
 $ 
 5,655 
    
   
 $ 
 5,790 
    
   
 $ 
 (877 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,568 
    
   
 $ 
 57 
    
   
 $ 
 10,625 
    
 
   Net income including noncontrolling interests 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 1,714 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,714 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 1,720 
    
 
   Issuance of stock-employee and direct stock purchase plans 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 278 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 278 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 278 
    
 
   Stock awards (net of change in unearned compensation) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 12 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 12 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Other stock
issuances (1) 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 7 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Present value of stock purchase contract payments related to RSNs (2) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (154 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (156 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (156 
 )  
 
   Fairless lease buyout 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
   
   
 (72 
 )  
 
   Dividends 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
  
 
 (1,319 
 
 ) (3)  
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,319 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (1,325 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 553 
    
   
   
 553 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
 553 
    
 
   December 31, 2013 
    
   
 581 
    
    
   
 5,783 
    
   
   
 6,183 
    
   
   
 (324 
 )  
   
   
 11,642 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 11,642 
    
 
   Net income including noncontrolling interests 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 1,323 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,323 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 1,326 
    
 
   Issuance of Dominion Midstream common units, net of offering costs 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 392 
    
   
   
 392 
    
 
   Issuance of stock-employee and direct stock purchase plans 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 205 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 205 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 205 
    
 
   Stock awards (net of change in unearned compensation) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 14 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 14 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Other stock
issuances (4) 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 14 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 14 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Present value of stock purchase contract payments related to RSNs (2) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (143 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (143 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (143 
 )  
 
   Dividends 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
  
 
 (1,411 
 
 ) (3)  
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,411 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,411 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 (92 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (92 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
   
   
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   December 31, 2014 
    
   
 585 
    
    
   
 5,876 
    
   
   
 6,095 
    
   
   
 (416 
 )  
   
   
 11,555 
    
   
   
 402 
    
   
   
 11,957 
    
 
   Net income including noncontrolling interests 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 1,899 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,899 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 1,923 
    
 
   Dominion Midstream’s acquisition of interest in Iroquois 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 216 
    
   
   
 216 
    
 
   Acquisition of Four Brothers and Three Cedars 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
   
 47 
    
 
   Contributions from SunEdison to Four Brothers and Three Cedars 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 103 
    
   
   
 103 
    
 
   Sale of interest in merchant solar projects 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 26 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 26 
    
   
   
 179 
    
   
   
 205 
    
 
   Purchase of Dominion Midstream common units 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   Issuance of common stock 
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 786 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 786 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 786 
    
 
   Stock awards (net of change in unearned compensation) 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 13 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Dividends 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,536 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,536 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,536 
 )  
 
   Dominion Midstream distributions 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (58 
 )  
   
   
 (58 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (58 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
   
   
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   December 31, 2015 
    
   
 596 
    
    
 $ 
 6,680 
    
   
 $ 
 6,458 
    
   
 $ 
 (474 
 )  
   
 $ 
 12,664 
    
   
 $ 
 938 
    
   
 $ 
 13,602 
    
 
    
 
 
 (1) 
 Primarily includes $28 million in shares issued in excess of principal amounts related to converted securities, net of reclassification from other paid-in capital.
See Note 17 for further information on convertible securities.  
 
 
 (2) 
 See Note 17 for further information.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes subsidiary preferred dividends related to noncontrolling interests of $13 million and $17 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
 
 
 
 (4) 
 Contains shares issued in excess of principal amounts related to converted securities. See Note 17 for further information on convertible securities.
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 64 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Resources, Inc.  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
            
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income including noncontrolling interests 
    
 $ 
 1,923 
    
   
 $ 
 1,326 
    
   
 $ 
 1,720 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income including noncontrolling interests to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation, depletion and amortization (including nuclear fuel) 
    
   
 1,669 
    
   
   
 1,560 
    
   
   
 1,390 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 
    
   
 854 
    
   
   
 449 
    
   
   
 737 
    
 
   Gains on the sale of assets and businesses 
    
   
 (123 
 )  
   
   
 (220 
 )  
   
   
 (122 
 )  
 
   Charges associated with North Anna and offshore wind legislation 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 374 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Charges associated with Liability Management Exercise 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 284 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Charges associated with future ash pond and landfill closure costs 
    
   
 99 
    
   
   
 121 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other adjustments 
    
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 (113 
 )  
   
   
 (86 
 )  
 
   Changes in: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 294 
    
   
   
 131 
    
   
   
 (98 
 )  
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
 
   Deferred fuel and purchased gas costs, net 
    
   
 94 
    
   
   
 (180 
 )  
   
   
 102 
    
 
   Prepayments 
    
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 123 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 (199 
 )  
   
   
 (202 
 )  
   
   
 50 
    
 
   Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 
    
   
 (52 
 )  
   
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
 
   Margin deposit assets and liabilities 
    
   
 237 
    
   
   
 361 
    
   
   
 (414 
 )  
 
   Other operating assets and liabilities 
    
   
 (228 
 )  
   
   
 (392 
 )  
   
   
 87 
    
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 4,475 
    
   
   
 3,439 
    
   
   
 3,433 
    
 
   Investing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Plant construction and other property additions (including nuclear fuel) 
    
   
 (5,575 
 )  
   
   
 (5,345 
 )  
   
   
 (4,065 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of solar development projects 
    
   
 (418 
 )  
   
   
 (206 
 )  
   
   
 (39 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of DCG 
    
   
 (497 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Proceeds from sales of securities 
    
   
 1,340 
    
   
   
 1,235 
    
   
   
 1,476 
    
 
   Purchases of securities 
    
   
 (1,326 
 )  
   
   
 (1,241 
 )  
   
   
 (1,493 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from the sale of Brayton Point, Kincaid and equity method investment in Elwood 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 465 
    
 
   Proceeds from the sale of electric retail energy marketing business 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 187 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Proceeds from Blue Racer 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 85 
    
   
   
 160 
    
 
   Proceeds from assignments of shale development rights 
    
   
 79 
    
   
   
 60 
    
   
   
 18 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (106 
 )  
   
   
 44 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (6,503 
 )  
   
   
 (5,181 
 )  
   
   
 (3,458 
 )  
 
   Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Issuance (repayment) of short-term debt, net 
    
   
 734 
    
   
   
 848 
    
   
   
 (485 
 )  
 
   Issuance of short-term notes 
    
   
 600 
    
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 400 
    
 
   Repayment of short-term notes 
    
   
 (400 
 )  
   
   
 (400 
 )  
   
   
 (400 
 )  
 
   Issuance and remarketing of long-term debt 
    
   
 2,962 
    
   
   
 6,085 
    
   
   
 4,135 
    
 
   Repayment and repurchase of long-term debt, including redemption premiums 
    
   
 (892 
 )  
   
   
 (3,993 
 )  
   
   
 (1,245 
 )  
 
   Repayment of junior subordinated notes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (258 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of Juniper noncontrolling interest in Fairless 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (923 
 )  
 
   Net proceeds from issuance of Dominion Midstream common units 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 392 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Contributions from SunEdison to Four Brothers and Three Cedars 
    
   
 103 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Proceeds from sale of interest in merchant solar projects 
    
   
 184 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Subsidiary preferred stock redemption 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (259 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Issuance of common stock 
    
   
 786 
    
   
   
 205 
    
   
   
 278 
    
 
   Common dividend payments 
    
   
 (1,536 
 )  
   
   
 (1,398 
 )  
   
   
 (1,302 
 )  
 
   Subsidiary preferred dividend payments 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (224 
 )  
   
   
 (125 
 )  
   
   
 (90 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
    
   
 2,317 
    
   
   
 1,744 
    
   
   
 93 
    
 
   Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 289 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 68 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 318 
    
   
   
 316 
    
   
   
 248 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 607 
    
   
 $ 
 318 
    
   
 $ 
 316 
    
 
   Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the year for: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest and related charges, excluding capitalized amounts 
    
 $ 
 843 
    
   
 $ 
 889 
    
   
 $ 
 852 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 75 
    
   
   
 72 
    
   
   
 56 
    
 
   Significant noncash investing activities: (1) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  Accrued capital expenditures 
    
   
 478 
    
   
   
 315 
    
   
   
 375 
    
 
   Dominion Midstream’s acquisition of a noncontrolling
partnership interest in Iroquois in exchange for issuance of Dominion Midstream common units 
 
    
   
 216 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
 
 
 (1)   
   See Note 3 for noncash activities related to the acquisition of Four Brothers and Three Cedars.  
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 65 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
        
 [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]      
       
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 66 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R EPORT   OF  I NDEPENDENT 
R EGISTERED  P UBLIC  A CCOUNTING  F IRM       
         To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of    Virginia Electric and Power Company  
 Richmond, Virginia    We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Virginia Electric and Power Company (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Resources, Inc.) and subsidiaries (“Virginia Power”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated
statements of income, comprehensive income, common shareholder’s equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of Virginia Power’s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements based on our audits.    We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. Virginia Power is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as
a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Virginia Power’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Virginia Electric and Power Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015
and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
 /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP    Richmond,
Virginia    February 26, 2016  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 67 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Virginia Electric and Power Company  
  Consolidated Statements of Income  
    
        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating Revenue (1) 
    
 $ 
 7,622 
    
    
 $ 
 7,579 
    
    
 $ 
 7,295 
    
 
   Operating Expenses 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases (1) 
    
   
 2,320 
    
    
   
 2,406 
    
    
   
 2,304 
    
 
   Purchased electric capacity 
    
   
 330 
    
    
   
 360 
    
    
   
 358 
    
 
   Other operations and maintenance: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Affiliated suppliers 
    
   
 279 
    
    
   
 286 
    
    
   
 290 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 1,355 
    
    
   
 1,630 
    
    
   
 1,161 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 953 
    
    
   
 915 
    
    
   
 853 
    
 
   Other taxes 
    
   
 264 
    
    
   
 258 
    
    
   
 249 
    
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 5,501 
    
    
   
 5,855 
    
    
   
 5,215 
    
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 2,121 
    
    
   
 1,724 
    
    
   
 2,080 
    
 
   Other income 
    
   
 68 
    
    
   
 93 
    
    
   
 86 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 443 
    
    
   
 411 
    
    
   
 369 
    
 
   Income from operations before income tax expense 
    
   
 1,746 
    
    
   
 1,406 
    
    
   
 1,797 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 659 
    
    
   
 548 
    
    
   
 659 
    
 
   Net Income 
    
   
 1,087 
    
    
   
 858 
    
    
   
 1,138 
    
 
   Preferred dividends (2) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 17 
    
 
   Balance available for common stock 
    
 $ 
 1,087 
    
    
 $ 
 845 
    
    
 $ 
 1,121 
    
 
    
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 24 for amounts attributable to affiliates.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes $2 million associated with the write-off of issuance expenses related to the redemption of Virginia Power’s preferred stock in 2014. See Note 18 for
additional information.    The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial
Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 68 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Virginia Electric and Power Company  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
            
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 1,087 
    
   
 $ 
 858 
    
   
 $ 
 1,138 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net deferred gains (losses) on derivatives-hedging activities, net of $2, $2 and $(3) tax 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Changes in unrealized net gains (losses) on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of $1, $(9) and $(13) tax 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   Amounts reclassified to net income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net derivative (gains) losses-hedging activities, net of $—, $2 and $— tax 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net realized gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of $4, $4 and $2 tax 

    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 23 
    
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 1,077 
    
   
 $ 
 860 
    
   
 $ 
 1,161 
    
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 69 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Virginia Electric and Power Company  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    
        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 A SSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 18 
    
   
 $ 
 15 
    
 
   Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $27 and $25) 
    
   
 822 
    
   
   
 986 
    
 
   Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1 in both periods) 
    
   
 109 
    
   
   
 64 
    
 
   Affiliated receivables 
    
   
 296 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Inventories (average cost method): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Materials and supplies 
    
   
 502 
    
   
   
 455 
    
 
   Fossil fuel 
    
   
 371 
    
   
   
 398 
    
 
 
 Prepayments (1) 
    
   
 38 
    
   
   
 252 
    
 
   Regulatory assets 
    
   
 326 
    
   
   
 298 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 22 
    
   
   
 76 
    
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 2,504 
    
   
   
 2,551 
    
 
   Investments 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 
    
   
 1,945 
    
   
   
 1,930 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Total investments 
    
   
 1,948 
    
   
   
 1,934 
    
 
   Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 37,639 
    
   
   
 35,180 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (11,708 
 )  
   
   
 (11,080 
 )  
 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 25,931 
    
   
   
 24,100 
    
 
   Deferred Charges and Other Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Intangible assets, net 
    
   
 213 
    
   
   
 205 
    
 
   Regulatory assets 
    
   
 667 
    
   
   
 439 
    
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 359 
    
   
   
 280 
    
 
   Total deferred charges and other assets 
    
   
 1,239 
    
   
   
 924 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 31,622 
    
   
 $ 
 29,509 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 24 for amounts attributable to affiliates.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 70 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

        
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 L IABILITIES   AND  S HAREHOLDER ’ S  E QUITY 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Securities due within one year 
    
 $ 
 476 
    
    
 $ 
 211 
    
 
   Short-term debt 
    
   
 1,656 
    
    
   
 1,361 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 366 
    
    
   
 458 
    
 
   Payables to affiliates 
    
   
 73 
    
    
   
 92 
    
 
   Affiliated current borrowings 
    
   
 376 
    
    
   
 427 
    
 
   Accrued interest, payroll and taxes (1) 
    
   
 190 
    
    
   
 199 
    
 
   Derivative
liabilities (1) 
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 60 
    
 
   Customer deposits 
    
   
 119 
    
    
   
 107 
    
 
   Asset retirement obligations 
    
   
 143 
    
    
   
 7 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities 
    
   
 35 
    
    
   
 90 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 216 
    
    
   
 264 
    
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 3,730 
    
    
   
 3,276 
    
 
   Long-Term Debt 
    
   
 8,949 
    
    
   
 8,726 
    
 
   Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 
    
   
 4,654 
    
    
   
 4,415 
    
 
   Asset retirement obligations 
    
   
 1,104 
    
    
   
 848 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities 
    
   
 1,929 
    
    
   
 1,683 
    
 
   Pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities (1) 
    
   
 316 
    
    
   
 219 
    
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 299 
    
    
   
 287 
    
 
   Total deferred credits and other liabilities 
    
   
 8,302 
    
    
   
 7,452 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 20,981 
    
    
   
 19,454 
    
 
   Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 22) 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Common Shareholder’s Equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common stock-no
par (2) 
    
   
 5,738 
    
    
   
 5,738 
    
 
   Other paid-in capital 
    
   
 1,113 
    
    
   
 1,113 
    
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 3,750 
    
    
   
 3,154 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
    
   
 40 
    
    
   
 50 
    
 
   Total common shareholder’s equity 
    
   
 10,641 
    
    
   
 10,055 
    
 
   Total liabilities and shareholder’s equity 
    
 $ 
 31,622 
    
    
 $ 
 29,509 
    
 
    
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 24 for amounts attributable to affiliates.  
 
 
 (2) 
 500,000 shares authorized; 274,723 shares outstanding at December 31, 2015 and 2014.  
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 71 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Virginia Electric and Power Company  
  Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholder’s Equity  
    
        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Common Stock 
   
    
 Other Paid-In Capital 
   
    
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
    
   
   
 
 (millions, except for shares) 
    
 (thousands) 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 275 
    
    
 $ 
 5,738 
    
    
 $ 
 1,113 
    
    
 $ 
 2,357 
    
   
 $ 
 25 
    
   
 $ 
 9,233 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,138 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,138 
    
 
   Dividends 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (596 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (596 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 23 
    
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 275 
    
    
   
 5,738 
    
    
   
 1,113 
    
    
   
 2,899 
    
   
   
 48 
    
   
   
 9,798 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 858 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 858 
    
 
   Dividends 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (603 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (603 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 275 
    
    
   
 5,738 
    
    
   
 1,113 
    
    
   
 3,154 
    
   
   
 50 
    
   
   
 10,055 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,087 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,087 
    
 
   Dividends 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (491 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (491 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 275 
    
    
 $ 
 5,738 
    
    
 $ 
 1,113 
    
    
 $ 
 3,750 
    
   
 $ 
 40 
    
   
 $ 
 10,641 
    
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 72 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Virginia Electric and Power Company  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
            
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 1,087 
    
   
 $ 
 858 
    
   
 $ 
 1,138 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization (including nuclear fuel) 
    
   
 1,121 
    
   
   
 1,090 
    
   
   
 1,016 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits, net 
    
   
 251 
    
   
   
 396 
    
   
   
 240 
    
 
   Charges associated with North Anna and offshore wind legislation 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 374 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Charges associated with future ash pond and landfill closure costs 
    
   
 99 
    
   
   
 121 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other adjustments 
    
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (35 
 )  
   
   
 (68 
 )  
 
   Changes in: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 128 
    
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (124 
 )  
 
   Affiliated accounts receivable and payable 
    
   
 (314 
 )  
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (45 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
 
 
 Prepayments 
    
   
 214 
    
   
   
 (220 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Deferred fuel expenses, net 
    
   
 64 
    
   
   
 (191 
 )  
   
   
 93 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 (75 
 )  
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 15 
    
 
   Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Other operating assets and liabilities 
    
   
 36 
    
   
   
 (82 
 )  
   
   
 30 
    
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 2,555 
    
   
   
 2,248 
    
   
   
 2,329 
    
 
   Investing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Plant construction and other property additions 
    
   
 (2,474 
 )  
   
   
 (2,911 
 )  
   
   
 (2,394 
 )  
 
   Purchases of nuclear fuel 
    
   
 (172 
 )  
   
   
 (196 
 )  
   
   
 (139 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of solar development project 
    
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases of securities 
    
   
 (651 
 )  
   
   
 (574 
 )  
   
   
 (603 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sales of securities 
    
   
 639 
    
   
   
 549 
    
   
   
 572 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (87 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (37 
 )  
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (2,788 
 )  
   
   
 (3,134 
 )  
   
   
 (2,601 
 )  
 
   Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Issuance (repayment) of short-term debt, net 
    
   
 295 
    
   
   
 519 
    
   
   
 (151 
 )  
 
   Issuance (repayment) of affiliated current borrowings, net 
    
   
 (51 
 )  
   
   
 330 
    
   
   
 (338 
 )  
 
   Issuance and remarketing of long-term debt 
    
   
 1,112 
    
   
   
 950 
    
   
   
 1,835 
    
 
   Repayment of long-term debt 
    
   
 (625 
 )  
   
   
 (61 
 )  
   
   
 (470 
 )  
 
   Preferred stock redemption 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (259 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Common dividend payments to parent 
    
   
 (491 
 )  
   
   
 (590 
 )  
   
   
 (579 
 )  
 
   Preferred dividend payments 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 (20 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
    
   
 236 
    
   
   
 885 
    
   
   
 260 
    
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 28 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 18 
    
   
 $ 
 15 
    
   
 $ 
 16 
    
 
   Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the year for: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest and related charges, excluding capitalized amounts 
    
 $ 
 422 
    
   
 $ 
 383 
    
   
 $ 
 328 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 517 
    
   
   
 386 
    
   
   
 427 
    
 
   Significant noncash investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accrued capital expenditures 
    
   
 
 169 
 
    
 
   
   
 181 
    
   
   
 276 
    
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements.  

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 73 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
        
 [THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]      
       
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 74 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  R EPORT   OF  I NDEPENDENT 
R EGISTERED  P UBLIC  A CCOUNTING  F IRM       
         To the Board of Directors of    Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC  
 Richmond, Virginia    We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Resources, Inc.) and subsidiaries (“Dominion Gas”) as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015. These financial statements are the responsibility of Dominion Gas’ management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the financial statements based on our audits.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. Dominion
Gas is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Dominion Gas’ internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, such
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.    /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP    Richmond, Virginia  
 February 26, 2016  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 75 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC  
  Consolidated Statements of Income  
    
        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating Revenue (1) 
    
 $ 
 1,716 
    
    
 $ 
 1,898 
    
    
 $ 
 1,937 
    
 
   Operating Expenses 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Purchased
gas (1) 
    
   
 133 
    
    
   
 315 
    
    
   
 323 
    
 
   Other energy-related purchases 
    
   
 21 
    
    
   
 40 
    
    
   
 93 
    
 
   Other operations and maintenance: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Affiliated suppliers 
    
   
 64 
    
    
   
 64 
    
    
   
 70 
    
 
   Other (2) 
    
   
 326 
    
    
   
 274 
    
    
   
 353 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 217 
    
    
   
 197 
    
    
   
 188 
    
 
   Other taxes 
    
   
 166 
    
    
   
 157 
    
    
   
 148 
    
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 927 
    
    
   
 1,047 
    
    
   
 1,175 
    
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 789 
    
    
   
 851 
    
    
   
 762 
    
 
   Other income 
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 28 
    
 
   Interest and related charges (1) 
    
   
 73 
    
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 28 
    
 
   Income from operations before income tax expense 
    
   
 740 
    
    
   
 846 
    
    
   
 762 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 283 
    
    
   
 334 
    
    
   
 301 
    
 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 457 
    
    
 $ 
 512 
    
    
 $ 
 461 
    
 
    
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 24 for amounts attributable to related parties.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes gains on the sales of assets to related parties of $59 million and $122 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. See Note 9 for more information.
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 76 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC  
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income  
            
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 457 
    
   
 $ 
 512 
    
   
 $ 
 461 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net deferred gains (losses) on derivatives-hedging activities, net of $(4), $19 and $(27) tax 
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 39 
    
 
   Changes in unrecognized pension costs, net of $13, $6 and $(18) tax 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 26 
    
 
   Amounts reclassified to net income: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net derivative (gains) losses-hedging activities, net of $3, $(5) and $(5) tax 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   Net pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of $(3), $(3) and $(4) tax 
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 82 
    
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 444 
    
   
 $ 
 484 
    
   
 $ 
 543 
    
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 77 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC  
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    
        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 A SSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 13 
    
   
 $ 
 9 
    
 
   Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1 and $4) (1) 
    
   
 219 
    
   
   
 322 
    
 
   Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $2 and $1) (1) 
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 19 
    
 
   Affiliated receivables 
    
   
 98 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Inventories: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Materials and supplies 
    
   
 54 
    
   
   
 53 
    
 
   Gas stored 
    
   
 24 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
 
 Prepayments (1) 
    
   
 88 
    
   
   
 166 
    
 
   Regulatory assets 
    
   
 23 
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 96 
    
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 40 
    
   
   
 83 
    
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 566 
    
   
   
 810 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 104 
    
   
   
 108 
    
 
   Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 9,693 
    
   
   
 8,902 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (2,690 
 )  
   
   
 (2,538 
 )  
 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 7,003 
    
   
   
 6,364 
    
 
   Deferred Charges and Other Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 542 
    
   
   
 542 
    
 
   Intangible assets, net 
    
   
 83 
    
   
   
 79 
    
 
   Regulatory assets 
    
   
 449 
    
   
   
 379 
    
 
   Pension and other postretirement benefit assets (1) 
    
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 1,486 
    
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 74 
    
   
   
 80 
    
 
   Total deferred charges and other assets 
    
   
 2,658 
    
   
   
 2,566 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 10,331 
    
   
 $ 
 9,848 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 24 for amounts attributable to related parties.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 78 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 L IABILITIES   AND  E QUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Securities due within one year 
    
 $ 
 400 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Short-term debt 
    
   
 391 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 201 
    
   
   
 247 
    
 
   Payables to affiliates 
    
   
 22 
    
   
   
 41 
    
 
   Affiliated current borrowings 
    
   
 95 
    
   
   
 384 
    
 
   Accrued interest, payroll and taxes (1) 
    
   
 183 
    
   
   
 194 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities 
    
   
 55 
    
   
   
 75 
    
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 128 
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 1,475 
    
   
   
 1,038 
    
 
   Long-Term Debt 
    
   
 2,892 
    
   
   
 2,594 
    
 
   Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits 
    
   
 2,214 
    
   
   
 2,158 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities 
    
   
 201 
    
   
   
 192 
    
 
   Other (1) 
    
   
 231 
    
   
   
 300 
    
 
   Total deferred credits and other liabilities 
    
   
 2,646 
    
   
   
 2,650 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 7,013 
    
   
   
 6,282 
    
 
   Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 22) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Membership interests 
    
   
 3,417 
    
   
   
 3,652 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (99 
 )  
   
   
 (86 
 )  
 
   Total equity 
    
   
 3,318 
    
   
   
 3,566 
    
 
   Total liabilities and equity 
    
 $ 
 10,331 
    
   
 $ 
 9,848 
    
 
    
 
 
 (1) 
 See Note 24 for amounts attributable to related parties.    The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 79 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC  
  Consolidated Statements of Equity  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Membership Interests 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 3,416 
    
   
 $ 
 (140 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,276 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 461 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 461 
    
 
   Equity contribution from parent 
    
   
 6 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Distributions 
    
   
 (398 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (398 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 82 
    
   
   
 82 
    
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 3,485 
    
   
   
 (58 
 )  
   
   
 3,427 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 512 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 512 
    
 
   Equity contribution from parent 
    
   
 1 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Distributions 
    
   
 (346 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (346 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 3,652 
    
   
   
 (86 
 )  
   
   
 3,566 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 457 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 457 
    
 
   Distributions 
    
   
 (692 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (692 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 31, 2015 
    
 $ 
 3,417 
    
   
 $ 
 (99 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,318 
    
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 80 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC  
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
            
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 457 
    
   
 $ 
 512 
    
   
 $ 
 461 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gains on sales of assets 
    
   
 (123 
 )  
   
   
 (124 
 )  
   
   
 (122 
 )  
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 217 
    
   
   
 197 
    
   
   
 188 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes and investment tax credits, net 
    
   
 163 
    
   
   
 216 
    
   
   
 102 
    
 
   Other adjustments 
    
   
 16 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Changes in: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 115 
    
   
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
 
   Affiliated receivables 
    
   
 (86 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Prepayments 
    
   
 99 
    
   
   
 (99 
 )  
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 (51 
 )  
   
   
 (35 
 )  
   
   
 62 
    
 
   Payables to affiliates 
    
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 48 
    
 
   Other operating assets and liabilities 
    
   
 (136 
 )  
   
   
 (134 
 )  
   
   
 (44 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 628 
    
   
   
 471 
    
   
   
 698 
    
 
   Investing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Plant construction and other property additions 
    
   
 (795 
 )  
   
   
 (719 
 )  
   
   
 (650 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of assets to an affiliate 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
   
 113 
    
 
   Proceeds from Blue Racer 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 78 
    
 
   Proceeds from assignments of shale development rights 
    
   
 79 
    
   
   
 60 
    
   
   
 18 
    
 
   Advances to affiliate, net 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (727 
 )  
   
   
 (616 
 )  
   
   
 (460 
 )  
 
   Financing Activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Issuance of short-term debt, net 
    
   
 391 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Repayment of affiliated current borrowings, net 
    
   
 (289 
 )  
   
   
 (892 
 )  
   
   
 (545 
 )  
 
   Repayment and acquisition of affiliated long-term debt 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (569 
 )  
 
   Issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 700 
    
   
   
 1,400 
    
   
   
 1,200 
    
 
   Distribution payments to parent 
    
   
 (692 
 )  
   
   
 (346 
 )  
   
   
 (318 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
    
   
 103 
    
   
   
 146 
    
   
   
 (242 
 )  
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 13 
    
   
 $ 
 9 
    
   
 $ 
 8 
    
 
   Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash paid during the year for: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest and related charges, excluding capitalized amounts 
    
 $ 
 70 
    
   
 $ 
 23 
    
   
 $ 
 31 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 98 
    
   
   
 266 
    
   
   
 148 
    
 
   Significant noncash investing and financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accrued capital expenditures 
    
   
 57 
    
   
   
 35 
    
   
   
 42 
    
 
   Extinguishment of affiliated long-term debt in exchange for assets sold to affiliate 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Distribution of non-cash asset (account receivable) to parent 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 80 
    
 
   Proceeds from sale of assets to affiliate not yet
received 
 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 30 
    
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 81 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      
        
 

  N OTE  1. N ATURE   OF  O PERATIONS   
  Dominion, headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, is one of the nation’s largest producers and transporters of energy.
Dominion’s operations are conducted through various subsidiaries, including Virginia Power and Dominion Gas. Virginia Power is a regulated public utility that generates, transmits and distributes electricity for sale in Virginia and
northeastern North Carolina. Virginia Power is a member of PJM, an RTO, and its electric transmission facilities are integrated into the PJM wholesale electricity markets. All of Virginia Power’s stock is owned by Dominion. Dominion Gas is a
holding company that conducts business activities through a regulated interstate natural gas transmission pipeline and underground storage system in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest states, regulated gas transportation and distribution
operations in Ohio, and gas gathering and processing activities primarily in West Virginia, Ohio and Pennsylvania. All of Dominion Gas’ membership interests are held by Dominion.  
 Dominion’s operations also include an LNG import, transport and storage facility in Maryland, a preferred equity interest in which
was contributed to Dominion Midstream in 2014, an equity investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline and regulated gas transportation and distribution operations in West Virginia. Dominion’s nonregulated operations include merchant generation, energy
marketing and price risk management activities, retail energy marketing operations and an equity investment in Blue Racer.  
 In October 2014, Dominion Midstream launched its initial public offering of 20,125,000 common units representing limited partner
interests at a price of $21 per unit, which included an over-allotment option to purchase an additional 2,625,000 common units at the initial offering price, which was exercised in full by the underwriters. Dominion received $392 million in net
proceeds from the sale of the units, after deducting underwriting discounts, structuring fees and estimated offering expenses. At December 31, 2015, Dominion owns the general partner and 64.1% of the limited partner interests in Dominion Midstream,
which owns a preferred equity interest and the general partner interest in Cove Point, DCG and a 25.93% noncontrolling partnership interest in Iroquois. The public’s ownership interest in Dominion Midstream is reflected as non-controlling
interest in Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements.    Dominion manages its daily operations through three primary
operating segments: DVP, Dominion Generation and Dominion Energy. Dominion also reports a Corporate and Other segment, which includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) and the net impact of operations
that are discontinued, which is discussed in Notes 3 and 25. In addition, Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion’s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in
assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments.    Virginia Power manages its daily
operations through two primary operating segments: DVP and Dominion Generation. It also reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segments that are not included in profit measures
evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources among the segments.
 
  Dominion Gas manages its daily operations through one primary operating segment: Dominion
Energy. It also reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segment that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segment’s performance
and the effect of certain items recorded at Dominion Gas as a result of the recognition of Dominion’s basis in the net assets contributed.    See Note 25 for further discussion of the Companies’ operating segments.      
   
  N OTE  2. S IGNIFICANT  A CCOUNTING  P OLICIES   
  General    The Companies make
certain estimates and assumptions in preparing their Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues, expenses and cash flows for the periods presented. Actual results may differ from those estimates.  
 The Companies’ Consolidated Financial Statements include, after eliminating intercompany transactions and balances, the accounts of
their respective majority-owned subsidiaries and non-wholly-owned entities in which they have a controlling financial interest. For certain partnership structures, income is allocated based on the liquidation value of the underlying contractual
arrangements. SunEdison’s ownership interest in Four Brothers and Three Cedars, as well as Terra Nova Renewable Partners’ 33% interest in certain of Dominion’s merchant solar projects, is reflected as noncontrolling interest in
Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 3 for further information on transactions with SunEdison.    The
Companies report certain contracts, instruments and investments at fair value. See Note 6 for further information on fair value measurements.    Dominion maintains pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Virginia Power and Dominion Gas participate in certain of these plans. See Note 21 for further information on these plans.  
 Certain amounts in the 2014 and 2013 Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes have been reclassified to conform to the 2015
presentation for comparative purposes. The reclassifications did not affect the Companies’ net income, total assets, liabilities, equity or cash flows.    Amounts disclosed for Dominion are inclusive of Virginia Power and/or Dominion Gas, where applicable.  
 Operating Revenue    Operating revenue is recorded on
the basis of services rendered, commodities delivered or contracts settled and includes amounts yet to be billed to customers. Dominion and Virginia Power collect sales, consumption and consumer utility taxes and Dominion Gas collects sales taxes;
however, these amounts are excluded from revenue. Dominion’s customer receivables at December 31, 2015 and 2014 included $462 million and $564 million, respectively, of accrued unbilled revenue based on estimated amounts of
electricity and natural gas delivered but not yet billed to its utility    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 82 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
customers. Virginia Power’s customer receivables at December 31, 2015 and 2014 included $333 million and $407 million, respectively, of accrued unbilled revenue based on estimated
amounts of electricity delivered but not yet billed to its customers. Dominion Gas’ customer receivables at December 31, 2015 and 2014 included $98 million and $127 million, respectively, of accrued unbilled revenue based on estimated
amounts of natural gas delivered but not yet billed to its customers.    The primary types of sales and service activities
reported as operating revenue for Dominion are as follows:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Regulated electric sales  consist primarily of state-regulated retail electric sales, and federally-regulated wholesale electric sales and
electric transmission services;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Nonregulated electric sales  consist primarily of sales of electricity at market-based rates and contracted fixed rates, and associated
derivative activity;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Regulated gas sales  consist primarily of state- and FERC-regulated natural gas sales and related distribution services;
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Nonregulated gas sales  consist primarily of sales of natural gas production at market-based rates and contracted fixed prices, sales of gas
purchased from third parties, gas trading and marketing revenue and associated derivative activity;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Gas transportation and storage  consists primarily of FERC-regulated sales of gathering, transmission, distribution and storage services. Also
included are state-regulated gas distribution charges to retail distribution service customers opting for alternate suppliers; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   Other revenue  consists primarily of sales of NGL production and condensate, extracted products and associated derivative activity. Other revenue
also includes miscellaneous service revenue from electric and gas distribution operations, and gas processing and handling revenue.    The primary types of sales and service activities reported as operating revenue for Virginia Power are as follows:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Regulated electric sales  consist primarily of state-regulated retail electric sales and federally-regulated wholesale electric sales and
electric transmission services; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   Other revenue  consists primarily of miscellaneous service revenue from electric distribution operations and miscellaneous revenue from
generation operations, including sales of capacity and other commodities.    The primary types of sales and
service activities reported as operating revenue for Dominion Gas are as follows:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Regulated gas sales  consist primarily of state- and FERC-regulated natural gas sales and related distribution services;
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Nonregulated gas sales  consist primarily of sales of natural gas production at market-based rates and contracted fixed prices and sales of gas
purchased from third parties. Revenue from sales of gas production is recognized based on actual volumes of gas sold to purchasers and is reported net of royalties;  
 
 
 • 
   
   Gas transportation and storage  consists primarily of FERC-regulated sales of gathering, transmission and storage services. Also included are
state-regulated gas distribution charges to retail distribution service customers opting for alternate suppliers;
 

 
 
 • 
   
   NGL revenue  consists primarily of sales of NGL production and condensate, extracted products and associated derivative activity; and
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Other revenue  consists primarily of miscellaneous service revenue, gas processing and handling revenue.  
 Electric Fuel, Purchased Energy and Purchased Gas-Deferred Costs    Where permitted by regulatory authorities, the differences between Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s actual electric fuel and purchased energy expenses and Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’
purchased gas expenses and the related levels of recovery for these expenses in current rates are deferred and matched against recoveries in future periods. The deferral of costs in excess of current period fuel rate recovery is recognized as a
regulatory asset, while rate recovery in excess of current period fuel expenses is recognized as a regulatory liability.    Of
the cost of fuel used in electric generation and energy purchases to serve utility customers, approximately 84% is currently subject to deferred fuel accounting, while substantially all of the remaining amount is subject to recovery through similar
mechanisms.    Virtually all of Dominion Gas’, Cove Point’s and Hope’s natural gas purchases are either subject to
deferral accounting or are recovered from the customer in the same accounting period as the sale.    Income Taxes  
 A consolidated federal income tax return is filed for Dominion and its subsidiaries, including Virginia Power and Dominion Gas’ subsidiaries. In
addition, where applicable, combined income tax returns for Dominion and its subsidiaries are filed in various states; otherwise, separate state income tax returns are filed.    Although Dominion Gas is disregarded for income tax purposes, a provision for income taxes is recognized to reflect the inclusion of its business activities in the tax returns of its parent, Dominion.
Virginia Power and Dominion Gas participate in intercompany tax sharing agreements with Dominion and its subsidiaries. Current income taxes are based on taxable income or loss and credits determined on a separate company basis.  
 Under the agreements, if a subsidiary incurs a tax loss or earns a credit, recognition of current income tax benefits is limited to
refunds of prior year taxes obtained by the carryback of the net operating loss or credit or to the extent the tax loss or credit is absorbed by the taxable income of other Dominion consolidated group members. Otherwise, the net operating loss or
credit is carried forward and is recognized as a deferred tax asset until realized.    Accounting for income taxes involves an
asset and liability approach. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are provided, representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes.
Accordingly, deferred taxes are recognized for the future consequences of different treatments used for the reporting of transactions in financial accounting and income tax returns. The Companies establish a valuation allowance when it is
more-likely-than-not that all, or a portion, of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Where the treatment of temporary differences is different for rate-regulated operations, a regulatory asset is recognized if it is probable that future
revenues will be    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 83 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  
provided for the payment of deferred tax liabilities.    The Companies
recognize positions taken, or expected to be taken, in income tax returns that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, assuming that the position will be examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information.  
 If it is not more-likely-than-not that a tax position, or some portion thereof, will be sustained, the related tax benefits are not
recognized in the financial statements. Unrecognized tax benefits may result in an increase in income taxes payable, a reduction of income tax refunds receivable or changes in deferred taxes. Also, when uncertainty about the deductibility of an
amount is limited to the timing of such deductibility, the increase in income taxes payable (or reduction in tax refunds receivable) is accompanied by a decrease in deferred tax liabilities. Except when such amounts are presented net with amounts
receivable from or amounts prepaid to tax authorities, noncurrent income taxes payable related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified in other deferred credits and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and current payables are
included in accrued interest, payroll and taxes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    The Companies recognize interest on
underpayments and overpayments of income taxes in interest expense and other income, respectively. Penalties are also recognized in other income.    Dominion’s, Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ interest and penalties were immaterial in 2015, 2014 and 2013.    At December 31, 2015, Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheet included a $296 million affiliated receivable, representing current year excess federal income tax payments expected to be refunded,
$9 million of federal income taxes payable for prior years, less than $1 million of state income taxes payable, $10 million of state income taxes receivable, $14 million of noncurrent state income taxes receivable and $2 million of noncurrent state
income taxes payable.    At December 31, 2014, Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheet included $225 million of federal
and state income taxes receivable, $13 million of noncurrent state income taxes receivable and $38 million of noncurrent federal and state income taxes payable. In March 2015, Virginia Power received a $229 million refund of its 2014 federal income
tax payments.    At December 31, 2015, Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheet included $91 million of affiliated
receivables, representing current year excess federal income tax payments expected to be refunded and the benefit of utilizing a subsidiary’s tax loss to offset taxable income in Dominion’s consolidated tax return to be filed in 2016, less
than $1 million of state income taxes payable, $4 million of state income taxes receivable and $22 million of noncurrent state income taxes payable.    At December 31, 2014, Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheet included $96 million of federal and state income taxes receivable, $14 million of state income taxes payable, $7 million of noncurrent
state income taxes payable and $20 million noncurrent state income taxes receivable. In March 2015, Dominion Gas received a $93 million refund of its 2014 federal income tax payments.  
 Investment tax credits are recognized by nonregulated operations in the year qualifying property is placed in service. For regulated
operations, investment tax credits are deferred and amortized over the service lives of the properties giving rise to the credits. Production tax credits are recognized as energy is generated and sold.
 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents    Current banking arrangements generally do not require checks to be funded until they are presented for payment. The following table illustrates the checks outstanding but not yet presented for payment and
recorded in accounts payable for the Companies:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 $ 
 27 
    
    
 $ 
 42 
    
 
   Virginia Power 
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 20 
    
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   For purposes of the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand,
cash in banks and temporary investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less.    Derivative Instruments  
 Dominion and Virginia Power use derivative instruments such as futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs to manage the commodity and financial market
risks of their business operations. Dominion Gas uses derivative instruments such as physical and financial forwards, futures and swaps to manage commodity price and interest rate risks.  
 All derivatives, except those for which an exception applies, are required to be reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair
value. Derivative contracts representing unrealized gain positions and purchased options are reported as derivative assets. Derivative contracts representing unrealized losses and options sold are reported as derivative liabilities. One of the
exceptions to fair value accounting, normal purchases and normal sales, may be elected when the contract satisfies certain criteria, including a requirement that physical delivery of the underlying commodity is probable. Expenses and revenues
resulting from deliveries under normal purchase contracts and normal sales contracts, respectively, are included in earnings at the time of contract performance.    The Companies do not offset amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash collateral against amounts recognized for derivative instruments executed with the
same counterparty under the same master netting arrangement. Dominion had margin assets of $16 million and $287 million associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Dominion’s margin liabilities associated
with cash collateral at December 31, 2015 were immaterial. Dominion had margin liabilities of $34 million associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2014. Virginia Power did not have any margin assets associated with cash collateral at
December 31, 2015. Virginia Power had margin assets of $6 million associated with cash collateral at December 31 2014. Virginia Power did not have any margin liabilities associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2015 or 2014.
Dominion Gas did not have any margin assets or liabilities related to cash collateral at December 31, 2015 or 2014. See Note 7 for further information about derivatives.    To manage price risk, Dominion and Virginia Power hold certain derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. However, to the extent Dominion and Virginia Power do not
hold offsetting positions for such derivatives, they believe these instruments represent economic
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 84 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
hedges that mitigate their exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices and interest rates. As part of Dominion’s strategy to market energy and manage related risks, it formerly managed a
portfolio of commodity-based financial derivative instruments held for trading purposes. Dominion used established policies and procedures to manage the risks associated with price fluctuations in these energy commodities and used various derivative
instruments to reduce risk by creating offsetting market positions. In the second quarter of 2013, Dominion commenced a repositioning of its producer services business. The repositioning was completed in the first quarter of 2014 and resulted in the
termination of natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities.    Statement of Income Presentation:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Derivatives Held for Trading Purposes :  All income statement activity, including amounts realized upon settlement, is presented in
operating revenue on a net basis.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Derivatives Not Held for Trading Purposes:  All income statement activity, including amounts realized upon settlement, is presented in operating
revenue, operating expenses or interest and related charges based on the nature of the underlying risk.    In
Virginia Power’s generation operations, changes in the fair value of derivative instruments result in the recognition of regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities for jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation. Realized gains or
losses on the derivative instruments are generally recognized when the related transactions impact earnings.    D ERIVATIVE 
I NSTRUMENTS  D ESIGNATED   AS  H EDGING  I NSTRUMENTS     The Companies
designate a portion of their derivative instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges for accounting purposes. For all derivatives designated as hedges, the Companies formally document the relationship between the hedging instrument and the
hedged item, as well as the risk management objective and the strategy for using the hedging instrument. The Companies assess whether the hedging relationship between the derivative and the hedged item is highly effective at offsetting changes in
cash flows or fair values both at the inception of the hedging relationship and on an ongoing basis. Any change in the fair value of the derivative that is not effective at offsetting changes in the cash flows or fair values of the hedged item is
recognized currently in earnings. Also, the Companies may elect to exclude certain gains or losses on hedging instruments from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, such as gains or losses attributable to changes in the time value of options or
changes in the difference between spot prices and forward prices, thus requiring that such changes be recorded currently in earnings. Hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively for derivatives that cease to be highly effective hedges. For
derivative instruments that are accounted for as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges, the cash flows from the derivatives and from the related hedged items are classified in operating cash flows.  
 Cash Flow Hedges —A majority of the Companies’ hedge strategies represents cash flow hedges of the variable price risk
associated with the purchase and sale of electricity, natural gas, NGLs and other energy-related products. The Companies also use interest rate swaps to hedge their exposure to variable interest rates on long-term debt. For transactions in which the
Companies
 

  
are hedging the variability of cash flows, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are reported in AOCI, to the extent they are effective at offsetting changes in the hedged item. Any
derivative gains or losses reported in AOCI are reclassified to earnings when the forecasted item is included in earnings, or earlier, if it becomes probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur. For cash flow hedge transactions, hedge
accounting is discontinued if the occurrence of the forecasted transaction is no longer probable.    Dominion entered into
interest rate derivative instruments to hedge its forecasted interest payments related to planned debt issuances in 2013 and 2014. These interest rate derivatives were designated by Dominion as cash flow hedges in 2012 and 2013, prior to the
formation of Dominion Gas. For the purposes of the Dominion Gas financial statements, the derivative balances, AOCI balance, and any income statement impact related to these interest rate derivative instruments entered into by Dominion have been,
and will continue to be, included in the Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Financial Statements as the forecasted interest payments related to the debt issuances now occur at Dominion Gas.  
 Fair Value Hedges —Dominion also uses fair value hedges to mitigate the fixed price exposure inherent in certain firm commodity
commitments and commodity inventory. In addition, Dominion and Virginia Power have designated interest rate swaps as fair value hedges on certain fixed rate long-term debt to manage interest rate exposure. For fair value hedge transactions, changes
in the fair value of the derivative are generally offset currently in earnings by the recognition of changes in the hedged item’s fair value. Derivative gains and losses from the hedged item are reclassified to earnings when the hedged item is
included in earnings, or earlier, if the hedged item no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. Hedge accounting is discontinued if the hedged item no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. See Note 6 for further information about fair value
measurements and associated valuation methods for derivatives. See Note 7 for further information on derivatives.     Property, Plant and
Equipment    Property, plant and equipment is recorded at lower of original cost or fair value, if impaired. Capitalized costs include labor,
materials and other direct and indirect costs such as asset retirement costs, capitalized interest and, for certain operations subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, AFUDC and overhead costs. The cost of repairs and maintenance, including minor
additions and replacements, is generally charged to expense as it is incurred.    In 2015, 2014 and 2013, Dominion capitalized
interest costs and AFUDC to property, plant and equipment of $100 million, $80 million and $66 million, respectively. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, Virginia Power capitalized AFUDC to property, plant and equipment of $30 million, $39 million and $33
million, respectively. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, Dominion Gas capitalized AFUDC to property, plant and equipment of $1 million, $1 million and $5 million, respectively.    Under Virginia law, certain Virginia jurisdictional projects qualify for current recovery of AFUDC through rate adjustment clauses. AFUDC on these projects is calculated and recorded as a regulatory asset
and is not capitalized to property, plant and equipment. In 2015, 2014 and 2013, Virginia Power recorded $19 million, $8 million and $32 million of AFUDC related to these projects, respectively.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 85 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  For property subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, including Virginia Power electric
distribution, electric transmission, and generation property, Dominion Gas natural gas distribution and transmission property, and for certain Dominion natural gas property, the undepreciated cost of such property, less salvage value, is generally
charged to accumulated depreciation at retirement. Cost of removal collections from utility customers not representing AROs are recorded as regulatory liabilities. For property subject to cost-of-service rate regulation that will be abandoned
significantly before the end of its useful life, the net carrying value is reclassified from plant-in-service when it becomes probable it will be abandoned.    For property that is not subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, including nonutility property, cost of removal not associated with AROs is charged to expense as incurred. The Companies also record
gains and losses upon retirement based upon the difference between the proceeds received, if any, and the property’s net book value at the retirement date.    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is computed on the straight-line method based on projected service lives. The Companies’ average composite depreciation rates on utility property, plant
and equipment are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (percent) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Generation 
    
   
 2.78 
    
    
   
 2.66 
    
    
   
 2.71 
    
 
   Transmission 
    
   
 2.42 
    
    
   
 2.38 
    
    
   
 2.36 
    
 
   Distribution 
    
   
 3.11 
    
    
   
 3.12 
    
    
   
 3.13 
    
 
   Storage 
    
   
 2.42 
    
    
   
 2.39 
    
    
   
 2.43 
    
 
   Gas gathering and processing 
    
   
 3.19 
    
    
   
 2.81 
    
    
   
 2.39 
    
 
   General and other 
    
   
 3.67 
    
    
   
 3.62 
    
    
   
 3.82 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Generation 
    
   
 2.78 
    
    
   
 2.66 
    
    
   
 2.71 
    
 
   Transmission 
    
   
 2.33 
    
    
   
 2.34 
    
    
   
 2.28 
    
 
   Distribution 
    
   
 3.33 
    
    
   
 3.34 
    
    
   
 3.33 
    
 
   General and other 
    
   
 3.40 
    
    
   
 3.29 
    
    
   
 3.51 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Transmission 
    
   
 2.46 
    
    
   
 2.40 
    
    
   
 2.43 
    
 
   Distribution 
    
   
 2.45 
    
    
   
 2.47 
    
    
   
 2.50 
    
 
   Storage 
    
   
 2.44 
    
    
   
 2.40 
    
    
   
 2.43 
    
 
   Gas gathering and processing 
    
   
 3.20 
    
    
   
 2.82 
    
    
   
 2.39 
    
 
   General and other 
    
   
 4.72 
    
    
   
 5.77 
    
    
   
 5.93 
    
   In 2013, Virginia Power revised its depreciation rates to reflect the results of a new depreciation study.
This change resulted in an increase of $19 million ($12 million after-tax) in depreciation and amortization expense in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income.    In 2014, Virginia Power also made a one-time adjustment to depreciation expense as ordered by the Virginia Commission. This adjustment resulted in an increase of $38 million ($23 million after-tax)
in depreciation and amortization expense in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income.    In 2013, Dominion Gas
revised the depreciation rates for East Ohio to reflect the results of a new depreciation study. This change resulted in a decrease of $8 million ($5 million after-tax) in depreciation and amortization expense in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated
Statements of Income.  
  Dominion’s nonutility property, plant and equipment is depreciated using the
straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Asset 
    
 Estimated Useful Lives 
   


 
   Merchant generation-nuclear 
    
   
 44 years 
    
 
   Merchant generation-other 
    
   
 15 - 36 years 
    
 
   General and other 
    
   
 5 - 59 years 
    
   Depreciation and amortization related to Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ nonutility property,
plant and equipment and E&P properties was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.    Nuclear
fuel used in electric generation is amortized over its estimated service life on a units-of-production basis. Dominion and Virginia Power report the amortization of nuclear fuel in electric fuel and other energy-related purchases expense in their
Consolidated Statements of Income and in depreciation and amortization in their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.    Long-Lived and Intangible
Assets    The Companies perform an evaluation for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
long-lived assets or intangible assets with finite lives may not be recoverable. A long-lived or intangible asset is written down to fair value if the sum of its expected future undiscounted cash flows is less than its carrying amount. Intangible
assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. See Note 6 for a discussion of impairments related to certain long-lived assets.  
 Regulatory Assets and Liabilities    The accounting
for Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ regulated gas and Virginia Power’s regulated electric operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated operations in that they are required to reflect the effect of rate regulation in their
Consolidated Financial Statements. For regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by
nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory
assets. Likewise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will require customer refunds through future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that have yet to be incurred. Generally,
regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into income over the period authorized by the regulator.    The Companies
evaluate whether or not recovery of their regulatory assets through future rates is probable and make various assumptions in their analyses. The expectations of future recovery are generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions,
legislation or historical experience, as well as discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel. If recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is
made.    Asset Retirement Obligations    The
Companies recognize AROs at fair value as incurred or when sufficient information becomes available to determine a reasonable estimate of the fair value of future retirement activities to be performed. These amounts are generally capitalized as
costs of the    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 86 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
related tangible long-lived assets. Since relevant market information is not available, fair value is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses. At least annually, the Companies evaluate the
key assumptions underlying their AROs including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities. AROs are adjusted when significant changes in these assumptions are identified. Dominion and Dominion Gas
report accretion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs associated with their natural gas pipeline and storage well assets as an adjustment to the related regulatory liabilities when revenue is recoverable from customers for AROs.
Virginia Power reports accretion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs associated with decommissioning its nuclear power stations as an adjustment to the regulatory liability for certain jurisdictions. Additionally, Virginia Power
reports accretion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs associated with certain prospective rider projects as an adjustment to the regulatory asset for certain jurisdictions. Accretion of all other AROs and depreciation of all other
asset retirement costs are reported in other operations and maintenance expense and depreciation expense, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Income.    Debt Issuance Costs    The Companies defer and amortize debt issuance costs and debt premiums or
discounts over the expected lives of the respective debt issues, considering maturity dates and, if applicable, redemption rights held by others. Deferred debt issuance costs are recorded as an asset and classified in other current assets and other
deferred charges and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amortization of the issuance costs is reported as interest expense. Unamortized costs associated with redemptions of debt securities prior to stated maturity dates are generally
recognized and recorded in interest expense immediately. Effective January 2016, deferred debt issuance costs will be recorded as a reduction in long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As permitted by regulatory authorities, gains or
losses resulting from the refinancing of debt allocable to utility operations subject to cost-based rate regulation are deferred and amortized over the lives of the new issuances.    Investments    M ARKETABLE  E QUITY   AND 
D EBT  S ECURITIES     Dominion accounts for and classifies investments in marketable equity and debt securities as
trading or available-for-sale securities. Virginia Power classifies investments in marketable equity and debt securities as available-for-sale securities.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Trading securities  include marketable equity and debt securities held by Dominion in rabbi trusts associated with certain deferred compensation
plans. These securities are reported in other investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with net realized and unrealized gains and losses included in other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Available-for-sale securities  include all other marketable equity and debt securities, primarily comprised of securities held in the nuclear
decommissioning trusts. These investments are reported at fair value in nuclear decommissioning trust funds in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net realized and unrealized gains and losses (including any other-than-temporary
 


 
 
   
   
   
impairments) on investments held in Virginia Power’s nuclear decommissioning trusts are recorded to a regulatory liability for certain jurisdictions subject to cost-based regulation. For all
other available-for-sale securities, including those held in Dominion’s merchant generation nuclear decommissioning trusts, net realized gains and losses (including any other-than-temporary impairments) are included in other income and
unrealized gains and losses are reported as a component of AOCI, after-tax.    In determining realized gains
and losses for marketable equity and debt securities, the cost basis of the security is based on the specific identification method.  
 N ON - MARKETABLE  I NVESTMENTS     The Companies account for illiquid and privately held securities for which market prices or quotations are not readily available under either the equity or cost method. Non-marketable investments include:
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Equity method investments  when the Companies have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee.
Dominion’s investments are included in investments in equity method affiliates and Virginia Power’s investments are included in other investments in their Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Companies record equity method adjustments in other
income in the Consolidated Statements of Income including: their proportionate share of investee income or loss, gains or losses resulting from investee capital transactions, amortization of certain differences between the carrying value and the
equity in the net assets of the investee at the date of investment and other adjustments required by the equity method.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Cost method investments  when Dominion and Virginia Power do not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee.
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s investments are included in other investments and nuclear decommissioning trust funds.    O THER - THAN - TEMPORARY  I MPAIRMENT   
 Dominion and Virginia Power periodically review their investments to determine whether a decline in fair value should be considered other-than-temporary.
If a decline in fair value of any security is determined to be other-than-temporary, the security is written down to its fair value at the end of the reporting period.    Decommissioning Trust Investments—Special Considerations  
 
 
 • 
   
   The recognition provisions of the FASB’s other-than-temporary impairment guidance apply only to debt securities classified as available-for-sale
or held-to-maturity, while the presentation and disclosure requirements apply to both debt and equity securities.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Debt Securities —Using information obtained from their nuclear decommissioning trust fixed-income investment managers, Dominion and Virginia
Power record in earnings any unrealized loss for a debt security when the manager intends to sell the debt security or it is more-likely-than-not that the manager will have to sell the debt security before recovery of its fair value up to its cost
basis. If that is not the case, but the debt security is deemed to have experienced a credit loss, Dominion and Virginia Power record the credit loss in earnings and any remaining portion of the unrealized
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 87 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 

 
 
   
   
   
loss in AOCI. Credit losses are evaluated primarily by considering the credit ratings of the issuer, prior instances of non-performance by the issuer and other factors.
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Equity securities and other investments —Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s method of assessing other-than-temporary declines
requires demonstrating the ability to hold individual securities for a period of time sufficient to allow for the anticipated recovery in their market value prior to the consideration of the other criteria mentioned above. Since Dominion and
Virginia Power have limited ability to oversee the day-to-day management of nuclear decommissioning trust fund investments, they do not have the ability to ensure investments are held through an anticipated recovery period. Accordingly, they
consider all equity and other securities as well as non-marketable investments held in nuclear decommissioning trusts with market values below their cost bases to be other-than-temporarily impaired.  
 Inventories    Materials and supplies and fossil fuel
inventories are valued primarily using the weighted-average cost method. Stored gas inventory for Dominion Gas used in East Ohio gas distribution operations is valued using the LIFO method. Under the LIFO method, stored gas inventory was valued at
$24 million and $12 million at December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively. Based on the average price of gas purchased during 2015 and 2014, the cost of replacing the current portion of stored gas inventory exceeded the
amount stated on a LIFO basis by $109 million and $98 million, respectively. Stored gas inventory for Dominion held by Hope and certain nonregulated gas operations is valued using the weighted-average cost method.  
 Gas Imbalances    Natural gas imbalances occur when
the physical amount of natural gas delivered from, or received by, a pipeline system or storage facility differs from the contractual amount of natural gas delivered or received. Dominion and Dominion Gas value these imbalances due to, or from,
shippers and operators at an appropriate index price at period end, subject to the terms of its tariff for regulated entities. Imbalances are primarily settled in-kind. Imbalances due to Dominion and Dominion Gas from other parties are reported in
other current assets and imbalances that Dominion and Dominion Gas owe to other parties are reported in other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Goodwill    Dominion and Dominion Gas evaluate goodwill for impairment annually as of April 1 and
whenever an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount.    New Accounting Standards    In May 2014, the FASB issued revised accounting guidance for revenue
recognition from contracts with customers. The core principle of this revised accounting guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amendments in this update also require disclosure of the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts
with customers.
 

  
For the Companies, the revised accounting guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning January 1, 2018. The Companies are currently in the preliminary stages of evaluating
the impact of this guidance on their results of operations and overall liquidity. The Companies plan to complete their preliminary assessment, which includes a subset of representative contracts, in 2016. Once their initial evaluation is complete,
the Companies will expand the scope of their assessment to include all contracts with customers. Other than increased disclosures, the impacts of the revised accounting guidance to the results of operations and cash flows of the Companies cannot be
determined until their assessment process is complete.    In November 2015, the FASB issued revised accounting guidance to
simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. This update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Companies have adopted this guidance on a prospective basis for the
period ended December 31, 2015. For prior periods, the Companies have presented deferred taxes in either the current or noncurrent sections of the Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the classification of the related financial accounting
assets or liabilities, or, for items such as operating loss carryforwards, the period in which the deferred taxes were expected to reverse.    In January 2016, the FASB issued revised accounting guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. Most notably the update revises the accounting for
equity securities, except for those accounted for under the equity method of accounting or resulting in consolidation, by requiring equity securities to be measured at fair value with the changes in fair value recognized in net income. However, an
entity may measure equity investments that do not have a readily determinable fair value at cost minus impairment, if any, plus changes from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same
issuer. The guidance also simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values, revises the presentation of financial assets and liabilities and amends certain disclosure requirements associated with
the fair value of financial instruments. The guidance is effective for the Companies’ interim and annual reporting periods beginning January 1, 2018, with a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet. Amendments related to equity
securities without readily determinable fair values are to be applied prospectively to such investments that exist as of the date of adoption. The Companies are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will have on their
consolidated financial statements and disclosures.    In February 2016, the FASB issued revised accounting guidance for the
recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leasing arrangements. The update requires the recognition of lease assets and liabilities for those leases currently classified as operating leases while also refining the definition of a
lease. In addition, lessees will be required to disclose key information about the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leasing arrangements. The guidance is effective for the Companies’ interim and annual reporting
periods beginning January 1, 2019, although it can be early adopted, with a modified retrospective approach for leases that commenced prior to the date of adoption. The Companies are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of the standard will
have on their consolidated financial statements and disclosures.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 88 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
    
  N OTE  3. A CQUISITIONS   AND  D ISPOSITIONS   
  D OMINION   
 P ROPOSED  A CQUISITION   OF  Q UESTAR   
 Pursuant to the terms of the Questar Combination announced in February 2016, upon closing, each share of Questar common stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the closing will be converted automatically into the right to receive $25 in cash per share, or approximately $4.4 billion in total. In addition, Questar’s debt, which currently totals approximately $1.6 billion is expected
to remain outstanding. Additionally, Dominion entered into agreements with several of its lending banks pursuant to which they have committed to provide temporary debt financing consisting of a $3.9 billion acquisition facility. Dominion
intends to permanently finance the transaction in a manner that supports its existing credit ratings targets by issuing a combination of common stock, mandatory convertibles (including RSNs) and debt at Dominion, and indirectly through an issuance
of common units at Dominion Midstream, the proceeds of which will be applied to pay Dominion for certain assets of Questar, which are expected to be contributed to Dominion Midstream.  
 The transaction requires approval of Questar’s shareholders and clearance from the Federal Trade Commission under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. Questar and Dominion also will file for review and approval, as required, from the Utah Public Service Commission and the Wyoming Public Service Commission, and provide information regarding the transaction to the Idaho Public
Utilities Commission. In February 2016, the Federal Trade Commission granted antitrust approval of the Questar Combination under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. The Questar Combination contains certain termination rights for both Dominion and Questar,
and provides that, upon termination of the Questar Combination under specified circumstances, Dominion would be required to pay a termination fee of $154 million to Questar and Questar would be required to pay Dominion a termination fee of $99
million. Subject to receipt of Questar shareholder and any required regulatory approvals and meeting closing conditions, Dominion targets closing by the end of 2016.    W HOLLY -O WNED  M ERCHANT  S OLAR  P ROJECTS     Acquisitions    The following table presents significant completed acquisitions of
wholly-owned merchant solar projects by Dominion in 2014 and 2015. Long-term power purchase, interconnection and operation and maintenance agreements have been executed for all of the projects. Dominion has claimed and/or expects to claim federal
investment tax credits on the projects. These projects are included in the Dominion Generation operating segment.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Completed Acquisition Date 
   
 Seller 
    
 Number of Projects 
    
 Project Location 
    
 Project Name(s) 
   
 Initial Acquisition Cost (millions) (1) 
   
    
 Project Cost (millions) (2) 
   
    
 Date of Commercial Operations 
    
 MW Capacity 
   


 
   March 2014 
   
 Recurrent Energy Development Holdings, LLC 
    
 6 
    
 California 
    
 Camelot, Kansas, Kent South, Old River One, Adams East,   Columbia 2 
   
 $ 
 50 
    
    
 $ 
 428 
    
    
 Fourth quarter 2014 
    
   
 139 
    
 
   November 2014 
   
 CSI Project Holdco, LLC 
    
 1 
    
 California 
    
 West Antelope 
   
   
 79 
    
    
   
 79 
    
    
 November 2014 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   December 2014 
   
 EDF Renewable Development, Inc. 
    
 1 
    
 California 
    
 CID 
   
   
 71 
    
    
   
 71 
    
    
 January 2015 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   April 2015 
   
 EC&R NA Solar PV, LLC 
    
 1 
    
 California 
    
 Alamo 
   
   
 66 
    
    
   
 66 
    
    
 May 2015 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   April 2015 
   
 EDF Renewable Development, Inc. 
    
 3 
    
 California 
    
 Cottonwood (3) 
   
   
 106 
    
    
   
 106 
    
    
 May 2015 
    
   
 24 
    
 
   June 2015 
   
 EDF Renewable Development, Inc. 
    
 1 
    
 California 
    
 Catalina 2 
   
   
 68 
    
    
   
 68 
    
    
 July 2015 
    
   
 18 
    
 
   July 2015 
   
 SunPeak Solar, LLC 
    
 1 
    
 California 
    
 Imperial Valley 2 
   
   
 42 
    
    
   
 71 
    
    
 August 2015 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   November 2015 
   
 EC&R NA Solar PV, LLC 
    
 1 
    
 California 
    
 Maricopa West 
   
   
 65 
    
    
   
 65 
    
    
 December 2015 
    
   
 20 
    
 
   November 2015 
   
 Community Energy, Inc. 
    
 1 
    
 Virginia 
    
 Eastern Shore Solar 
   
   
 34 
    
    
   
 212 
    
    
 October 2016 
    
   
 80 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The purchase price was primarily allocated to Property, Plant and Equipment.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes acquisition cost.  
 
 
 (3) 
 One of the projects, Marin Carport, is expected to begin commercial operations in 2016.  
   
  Sale of Interest in Merchant Solar Projects    In September 2015, Dominion signed an agreement to sell a noncontrolling interest (consisting of 33% of the equity interests) in all of its then currently wholly-owned merchant solar projects, 24 solar
projects totaling approximately 425 MW, to SunEdison for approximately $300 million. In December 2015, the sale of interest in 15 of the solar projects closed for $184 million with
 

  
the sale of interest in the remaining projects completed in January 2016. SunEdison subsequently sold its interest in these projects to Terra Nova Renewable Partners. SunEdison has a future
option to buy all or a portion of Dominion’s remaining 67% ownership in the projects upon the occurrence of certain events, none of which had occurred as of December 31, 2015 nor are expected to occur in 2016.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 89 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  N ON -W HOLLY -O WNED  M ERCHANT 
S OLAR  P ROJECTS     Acquisitions of Four Brothers and Three Cedars  
 In June 2015, Dominion acquired 50% of the units in Four Brothers from SunEdison for $64 million of consideration, consisting of $2 million in cash and a
$62 million payable. As of December 31, 2015, a $43 million payable is included in other current liabilities in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Four Brothers’ purpose is to develop and operate four solar projects located in
Utah, which will produce and sell electricity and renewable energy credits. The projects are expected to cost approximately $730 million to construct, including the initial acquisition cost. Dominion is obligated to contribute $445 million of
capital to fund the construction of the projects and had contributed $138 million through December 31, 2015. The facilities are expected to begin commercial operations in the third quarter of 2016, generating approximately 320 MW.  
 In September 2015, Dominion acquired 50% of the units in Three Cedars from SunEdison for $43 million of consideration, consisting of $6
million in cash and a $37 million payable. As of December 31, 2015, a $29 million payable is included in other current liabilities in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Three Cedars’ purpose is to develop and operate three solar
projects located in Utah, which will produce and sell electricity and renewable energy credits. The projects are expected to cost approximately $425 million to construct. Dominion is obligated to contribute $276 million of capital to fund the
construction of the projects and had contributed $60 million through December 31, 2015. The facilities are expected to begin commercial operations in the third quarter of 2016, generating approximately 210 MW.  
 Long-term power purchase, interconnection and operation and maintenance agreements have been executed for both Four Brothers and Three
Cedars. Dominion expects to claim 99% of the federal investment tax credits on the projects.    Dominion owns 50% of the voting
interests in Four Brothers and Three Cedars and has a controlling financial interest over the entities through its rights to control operations. The allocation of the $64 million purchase price for Four Brothers resulted in $89 million of property,
plant and equipment and $25 million of noncontrolling interest. The allocation of the $43 million purchase price for Three Cedars resulted in $65 million of property, plant and equipment and $22 million of noncontrolling interest. The noncontrolling
interest for each entity was measured at fair value using the discounted cash flow method, with the primary components of the valuation being future cash flows (both incoming and outgoing) and the discount rate. Dominion determined its discount rate
based on the cost of capital a utility-scale investor would expect, as well as the cost of capital an individual project developer could achieve via a combination of non-recourse project financing and outside equity partners. The acquired assets of
Four Brothers and Three Cedars are included in the Dominion Generation operating segment.    Four Brothers and Three Cedars have
entered into agreements with SunEdison to provide administrative and support services in connection with the construction of the projects, operation and maintenance of the facilities, and administrative and technical management services of the solar
facilities. In addition, Dominion has entered into contracts with SunEdison to provide services
 

  
related to construction project management and oversight. Costs related to services to be provided under these agreements were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2015. Subsequent to
Dominion’s acquisition of Four Brothers and Three Cedars through December 31, 2015, SunEdison made contributions to Four Brothers and Three Cedars of $103 million in aggregate, which are reflected as noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.    In December 2015, SunEdison entered an agreement to sell its interest in Four Brothers and Three Cedars
through the sale of Four Brothers Holdings, LLC, Granite Mountain Renewables, LLC and Iron Springs Renewables, LLC to DESRI.  
 D OMINION  M IDSTREAM  A CQUISITION   OF  I NTEREST   IN 
I ROQUOIS     In September 2015, Dominion Midstream acquired from NG and NJNR a 25.93% noncontrolling partnership interest in
Iroquois, which owns and operates a 416-mile, FERC-regulated natural gas transmission pipeline in New York and Connecticut. In exchange for this partnership interest, Dominion Midstream issued 8.6 million common units representing limited
partnership interests in Dominion Midstream (6.8 million common units to NG for its 20.4% interest and 1.8 million common units to NJNR for its 5.53% interest). The investment was recorded at $216 million based on the value of Dominion
Midstream’s common units at closing. These common units are reflected as noncontrolling interest in Dominion’s Consolidated Financial Statements. Dominion Midstream’s noncontrolling partnership interest is reflected in the Dominion
Energy operating segment. In addition to this acquisition, Dominion Gas currently holds a 24.72% noncontrolling partnership interest in Iroquois. Dominion Midstream and Dominion Gas each account for their interest in Iroquois as an equity method
investment. See Notes 9 and 15 for more information regarding Iroquois.    A CQUISITION   OF  DCG  
 In January 2015, Dominion completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of DCG from SCANA Corporation for $497 million in cash, as adjusted
for working capital. DCG owns and operates nearly 1,500 miles of FERC-regulated interstate natural gas pipeline in South Carolina and southeastern Georgia. This acquisition supports Dominion’s natural gas expansion into the southeastern U.S.
The allocation of the purchase price resulted in $277 million of net property, plant and equipment, $250 million of goodwill, of which approximately $225 million is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes, and $38 million of regulatory
liabilities. The goodwill reflects the value associated with enhancing Dominion’s regulated gas position, economic value attributable to future expansion projects as well as increased opportunities for synergies. The acquired assets of DCG are
included in the Dominion Energy operating segment.    On March 24, 2015, DCG converted to a limited liability company under
the laws of South Carolina and changed its name from Carolina Gas Transmission Corporation to DCG. On April 1, 2015, Dominion contributed 100% of the issued and outstanding membership interests of DCG to Dominion Midstream in exchange for total
consideration of $501 million, as adjusted for working capital. Total consideration to Dominion consisted of the issuance of a two-year, $301 million senior
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 90 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
unsecured promissory note payable by Dominion Midstream at an annual interest rate of 0.6%, and 5,112,139 common units, valued at $200 million, representing limited partner interests in Dominion
Midstream. The number of units was based on the volume weighted average trading price of Dominion Midstream’s common units for the ten trading days prior to April 1, 2015, or $39.12 per unit. Since Dominion consolidates Dominion Midstream
for financial reporting purposes, this transaction was eliminated upon consolidation and did not impact Dominion’s financial position or cash flows.    S ALE   OF  E LECTRIC  R ETAIL  E NERGY  M ARKETING  B USINESS   
 In March 2014, Dominion completed the sale of its electric retail energy marketing business. The proceeds were $187 million, net of transaction costs. The
sale resulted in a gain, subject to post-closing adjustments, of $100 million ($57 million after-tax) net of a $31 million write-off of goodwill, and is included in other operations and maintenance expense in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements
of Income. The sale of the electric retail energy marketing business did not qualify for discontinued operations classification.  
 S ALE   OF  I LLINOIS  G AS  C ONTRACTS   
 In June 2013, Dominion completed the sale of Illinois Gas Contracts. The sales price was $32 million, subject to post-closing adjustments. The sale
resulted in a gain of $29 million ($18 million after-tax) net of a $3 million write-off of goodwill, and is included in other operations and maintenance expense in Dominion’s Consolidated Statement of Income. The sale of Illinois Gas Contracts
did not qualify for discontinued operations classification as it is not considered a component under applicable accounting guidance.  
 S ALE   OF  B RAYTON  P OINT , K INCAID   AND  E QUITY 
M ETHOD  I NVESTMENT   IN  E LWOOD     In March 2013, Dominion entered into an agreement
with Energy Capital Partners to sell Brayton Point, Kincaid, and its equity method investment in Elwood.    In the first and
second quarters of 2013, Brayton Point’s and Kincaid’s assets and liabilities to be disposed were classified as held for sale and adjusted to their estimated fair value less cost to sell, resulting in impairment charges totaling $48
million ($28 million after-tax), which are included in discontinued operations in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income. In both periods, Dominion used the market approach to estimate the fair value of Brayton Point’s and
Kincaid’s long-lived assets. These were considered Level 2 fair value measurements given that they were based on the agreed-upon sales price.
 
  Dominion’s 50% interest in Elwood was an equity method investment and therefore, in
accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the carrying amount of this investment was not classified as held for sale nor were the equity earnings from this investment reported as discontinued operations.  
 In August 2013, Dominion completed the sale and received proceeds of $465 million, net of transaction costs. The sale resulted in a $35
million ($25 million after-tax) gain attributable to its equity method investment in Elwood, which is included in other income in Dominion’s Consolidated Statement of Income, which was partially offset by a $17 million ($18 million after-tax)
loss attributable to Brayton Point and Kincaid, which includes a $16 million write-off of goodwill and is reflected in loss from discontinued operations in Dominion’s Consolidated Statement of Income.  
 The following table presents selected information regarding the results of operations of Brayton Point and Kincaid, which are reported as
discontinued operations in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   


 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 304 
    
 
   Loss before income taxes 
    
   
 (135 
 ) (1)   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes $64 million of charges related to the defeasance of Brayton Point debt and the early redemption of Kincaid debt in 2013.  
 Virginia Power    A CQUISITION 
 OF  S OLAR  P ROJECT     In December 2015, Virginia Power completed the acquisition of 100% of a
solar development project in North Carolina from Morgans Corner for $47 million, all of which was allocated to property, plant and equipment. The project was placed into service in December 2015 with a total cost of $49 million, including the
initial acquisition cost. The project generates approximately 20 MW. The output generated by the project will be used to meet a ten year non-jurisdictional supply agreement with the U.S. Navy, which has the unilateral option to extend for an
additional ten years. In October 2015, the North Carolina Commission granted the transfer of the existing CPCN from Morgans Corner to Virginia Power. The acquired asset is included in the Virginia Power Generation operating segment.  
 Dominion and Dominion Gas    B LUE 
R ACER     See Note 9 for a discussion of transactions related to Blue Racer.  
 A SSIGNMENTS   OF  S HALE  D EVELOPMENT  R IGHTS   
 See Note 10 for a discussion of assignments of shale development rights.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 91 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
    
  N OTE  4. O PERATING  R EVENUE   
  The Companies’ operating revenue consists of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Electric sales: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulated 
    
 $ 
 7,482 
    
    
 $ 
 7,460 
    
    
 $ 
 7,193 
    
 
   Nonregulated 
    
   
 1,488 
    
    
   
 1,839 
    
    
   
 2,511 
    
 
   Gas sales: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulated 
    
   
 218 
    
    
   
 334 
    
    
   
 323 
    
 
   Nonregulated 
    
   
 471 
    
    
   
 751 
    
    
   
 930 
    
 
   Gas transportation and storage 
    
   
 1,616 
    
    
   
 1,543 
    
    
   
 1,535 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 408 
    
    
   
 509 
    
    
   
 628 
    
 
   Total operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 11,683 
    
    
 $ 
 12,436 
    
    
 $ 
 13,120 
    
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulated electric sales 
    
 $ 
 7,482 
    
    
 $ 
 7,460 
    
    
 $ 
 7,193 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 140 
    
    
   
 119 
    
    
   
 102 
    
 
   Total operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 7,622 
    
    
 $ 
 7,579 
    
    
 $ 
 7,295 
    
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Gas sales: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulated 
    
 $ 
 122 
    
    
 $ 
 209 
    
    
 $ 
 202 
    
 
   Nonregulated 
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 26 
    
    
   
 32 
    
 
   Gas transportation and storage 
    
   
 1,366 
    
    
   
 1,353 
    
    
   
 1,338 
    
 
   NGL revenue 
    
   
 93 
    
    
   
 212 
    
    
   
 292 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 125 
    
    
   
 98 
    
    
   
 73 
    
 
   Total operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,716 
    
    
 $ 
 1,898 
    
    
 $ 
 1,937 
    
         
  N OTE  5. I NCOME  T AXES   
  Judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and
liabilities. The interpretation of tax laws involves uncertainty, since tax authorities may interpret the laws differently. The Companies are routinely audited by federal and state tax authorities. Ultimate resolution of income tax matters may
result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and liabilities could be material.    In December 2015, U.S. federal legislation was enacted, providing an extension of the 50% bonus depreciation allowance for qualifying expenditures incurred in 2015, 2016 and 2017, and a phasing down of
the allowance to 40% in 2018 and 30% in 2019 and expiration thereafter. In addition, the legislation extends the 30% investment tax credit for qualifying expenditures incurred through 2019 and provides a phase down of the credit to 26% in 2020, 22%
in 2021 and 10% in 2022 and thereafter. U.S. federal legislation had also been enacted in December 2014 to delay the expiration of the bonus depreciation allowance, but only for one year, so that it was available for qualifying expenditures incurred
during 2014.  
  Continuing Operations    Details of income tax expense for continuing operations including noncontrolling interests were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 Dominion 
   
   
 Virginia Power 
   
   
 Dominion Gas 
   
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Current: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
   
 $ 
 (24 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 317 
    
   
 $ 
 316 
    
   
 $ 
 85 
    
   
 $ 
 357 
    
   
 $ 
 90 
    
   
 $ 
 86 
    
   
 $ 
 158 
    
 
   State 
   
   
 75 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 110 
    
   
   
 92 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
   
 62 
    
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 32 
    
   
   
 41 
    
 
   Total current expense  
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 427 
    
   
   
 408 
    
   
   
 152 
    
   
   
 419 
    
   
   
 120 
    
   
   
 118 
    
   
   
 199 
    
 
   Deferred: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Taxes before operating loss carry forwards and investment tax credits 
   
   
 384 
    
   
   
 956 
    
   
   
 563 
    
   
   
 154 
    
   
   
 381 
    
   
   
 224 
    
   
   
 156 
    
   
   
 192 
    
   
   
 92 
    
 
   Tax utilization (benefit) of operating loss carry forwards 
   
   
 539 
    
   
   
 (352 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 96 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Investment tax credits 
   
   
 (134 
 )  
   
   
 (152 
 )  
   
   
 (48 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   State 
   
   
 66 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Total deferred expense 
   
   
 855 
    
   
   
 450 
    
   
   
 466 
    
   
   
 252 
    
   
   
 397 
    
   
   
 241 
    
   
   
 163 
    
   
   
 216 
    
   
   
 102 
    
 
   Amortization of deferred investment tax credits 
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total income tax expense 
   
 $ 
 905 
    
   
 $ 
 452 
    
   
 $ 
 892 
    
   
 $ 
 659 
    
   
 $ 
 548 
    
   
 $ 
 659 
    
   
 $ 
 283 
    
   
 $ 
 334 
    
   
 $ 
 301 
    
   In 2015, Dominion’s current federal income tax benefit includes the recognition of a $20 million
benefit related to a carryback to be filed for nuclear decommissioning expenditures included in its 2014 net operating loss.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 92 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  For continuing operations including noncontrolling interests, the statutory U.S. federal
income tax rate reconciles to the Companies’ effective income tax rate as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Dominion 
   
   
 Virginia Power 
   
   
 Dominion Gas 
   
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   U.S. statutory rate 
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   Increases (reductions) resulting from: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   State taxes, net of federal benefit 
    
   
 3.7 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2.1 
    
   
   
 3.9 
    
   
   
 3.8 
    
   
   
 3.1 
    
   
   
 2.7 
    
   
   
 4.4 
    
    
   
 4.3 
    
 
   Investment tax credits 
    
   
 (4.7 
 )  
   
   
 (8.6 
 )  
   
   
 (1.8 
 )  
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Production tax credits 
    
   
 (0.8 
 )  
   
   
 (1.2 
 )  
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 (0.2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Valuation allowances 
    
   
 (0.3 
 )  
   
   
 0.7 
    
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   AFUDC - equity 
    
   
 (0.3 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (0.8 
 )  
   
   
 0.2 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (0.1 
 )  
 
   Employee stock ownership plan deduction 
    
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 (0.9 
 )  
   
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 0.4 
    
   
   
 (0.4 
 )  
   
   
 0.6 
    
   
   
 0.8 
    
   
   
 (0.4 
 )  
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 0.1 
    
    
   
 0.3 
    
 
   Effective tax rate 
    
   
 32.0 
 %  
   
   
 25.4 
 %  
   
   
 33.0 
 %  
   
   
 37.7 
 %  
   
   
 39.0 
 %  
   
   
 36.7 
 %  
   
   
 38.2 
 %  
   
   
 39.5 
 %  
    
   
 39.5 
 %  
   Dominion’s effective tax rate in 2014 reflects the recognition of state tax credits and previously unrecognized tax
benefits due to the expiration of statutes of limitations. Dominion Gas’ effective tax rate in 2015 reflects a benefit resulting from the impact of changes in the allocation of income among states on existing deferred taxes.  
   
  The Companies’ deferred income taxes consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 Dominion 
   
   
 Virginia Power 
   
   
 Dominion Gas 
   
 
 At December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Deferred income taxes: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total deferred income tax assets 
   
 $ 
 1,152 
    
   
 $ 
 2,023 
    
   
 $ 
 164 
    
   
 $ 
 500 
    
   
 $ 
 129 
    
   
 $ 
 227 
    
 
   Total deferred income tax liabilities 
   
   
 8,552 
    
   
   
 8,663 
    
   
   
 4,805 
    
   
   
 4,915 
    
   
   
 2,343 
    
   
   
 2,289 
    
 
   Total net deferred income tax liabilities 
   
 $ 
 7,400 
    
   
 $ 
 6,640 
    
   
 $ 
 4,641 
    
   
 $ 
 4,415 
    
   
 $ 
 2,214 
    
   
 $ 
 2,062 
    
 
   Total deferred income taxes: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Plant and equipment, primarily depreciation method and basis differences 
   
 $ 
 6,299 
    
   
 $ 
 5,895 
    
   
 $ 
 4,133 
    
   
 $ 
 3,965 
    
   
 $ 
 1,541 
    
   
 $ 
 1,417 
    
 
   Nuclear decommissioning 
   
   
 1,158 
    
   
   
 1,241 
    
   
   
 378 
    
   
   
 474 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Deferred state income taxes 
   
   
 646 
    
   
   
 659 
    
   
   
 302 
    
   
   
 299 
    
   
   
 205 
    
   
   
 207 
    
 
   Federal benefit of deferred state income taxes 
   
   
 (226 
 )  
   
   
 (231 
 )  
   
   
 (106 
 )  
   
   
 (105 
 )  
   
   
 (72 
 )  
   
   
 (72 
 )  
 
   Deferred fuel, purchased energy and gas costs 
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Pension benefits 
   
   
 291 
    
   
   
 272 
    
   
   
 (99 
 )  
   
   
 (77 
 )  
   
   
 613 
    
   
   
 567 
    
 
   Other postretirement benefits 
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
 
   Loss and credit carryforwards 
   
   
 (1,004 
 )  
   
   
 (1,434 
 )  
   
   
 (53 
 )  
   
   
 (116 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Valuation allowances 
   
   
 73 
    
   
   
 87 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Partnership basis differences 
   
   
 367 
    
   
   
 304 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 42 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 (188 
 )  
   
   
 (163 
 )  
   
   
 59 
    
   
   
 (56 
 )  
   
   
 (104 
 )  
   
   
 (84 
 )  
 
   Total net deferred income tax liabilities 
   
 $ 
 7,400 
    
   
 $ 
 6,640 
    
   
 $ 
 4,641 
    
   
 $ 
 4,415 
    
   
 $ 
 2,214 
    
   
 $ 
 2,062 
    
   
  At December 31, 2015, Dominion had the following deductible loss and credit
carryforwards:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Federal loss carryforwards of $594 million that expire if unutilized during the period 2021 through 2034;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Federal investment tax credits of $407 million that expire if unutilized during the period 2033 through 2035;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Federal production and other tax credits of $89 million that expire if unutilized during the period 2031 through 2035;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   State loss carryforwards of $1.6 billion that expire if unutilized during the period 2018 through 2034. A valuation allowance on $1.1 billion of these
carryforwards has been established;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   State minimum tax credits of $145 million that do not expire; and  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   State investment tax credits of $40 million that expire if unutilized during the period 2019 through 2024.  
 At December 31, 2015, Virginia Power had the following deductible loss and credit carryforwards:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Federal loss carryforwards of $7 million that expire if unutilized during the period 2031 through 2034;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Federal investment, production and other tax credits of $38 million that expire if unutilized during the period 2031 through 2035; and
 
 
 
   
 • 
   
   State investment tax credits of $9 million that expire if unutilized by 2024.  
 At December 31, 2015, Dominion Gas had federal loss carryforwards of $10 million that expire if unutilized during the period
2031 through 2034 and no credit carryforwards.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 93 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  A reconciliation of changes in the Companies’ unrecognized tax benefits follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 Dominion 
   
   
 Virginia Power 
   
   
 Dominion Gas 
   
 
     
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance at January 1 
   
 $ 
 145 
    
   
 $ 
 222 
    
   
 $ 
 293 
    
   
 $ 
 36 
    
   
 $ 
 39 
    
   
 $ 
 57 
    
   
 $ 
 29 
    
   
 $ 
 29 
    
   
 $ 
 30 
    
 
   Increases-prior period positions 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Decreases-prior period positions 
   
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (99 
 )  
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Increases-current period positions 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Decreases-current period positions 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Settlements with tax authorities 
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Expiration of statutes of limitations 
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (91 
 )  
   
   
 (12 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Balance at December 31 
   
 $ 
 103 
    
   
 $ 
 145 
    
   
 $ 
 222 
    
   
 $ 
 12 
    
   
 $ 
 36 
    
   
 $ 
 39 
    
   
 $ 
 29 
    
   
 $ 
 29 
    
   
 $ 
 29 
    
   Certain unrecognized tax benefits, or portions thereof, if recognized, would affect the effective tax
rate. Changes in these unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of statutes of limitations. For Dominion and its subsidiaries, these unrecognized tax
benefits were $69 million, $77 million and $126 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. For Dominion, the change in these unrecognized tax benefits decreased income tax expense by $6 million, $47 million and $29 million in
2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. For Virginia Power, these unrecognized tax benefits were $8 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. For Virginia Power, the change in these unrecognized tax benefits affected income tax expense by less
than $1 million in both 2015 and 2014, and increased income tax expense by $4 million in 2013. For Dominion Gas, these unrecognized tax benefits were $19 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. For Dominion Gas, the change in these
unrecognized tax benefits affected income tax expense by less than $1 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013.    The IRS examination of
tax years 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011 concluded in late 2013, resulting in a payment of $46 million, and an adjustment to a refund previously received by Dominion for its carryback of 2008 losses to 2007. The loss carryback, as adjusted, was submitted
to the U.S. Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation for review. Early in 2014, Dominion received notification that the matter had been resolved with no further adjustments.    Effective for its 2014 tax year, Dominion was accepted into the CAP. Through the CAP, Dominion has the opportunity to resolve complex tax matters with the IRS before filing its federal income tax returns,
thus achieving certainty for such tax return filing positions agreed to by the IRS. Under a Pre-CAP plan, the IRS audit of tax years 2012 and 2013 began in early 2014 and
 

  
concluded in late 2015. The IRS audit of CAP tax year 2014 also began in 2014. The IRS issued a partial acceptance letter in late 2015 and completed its post-filing review of the 2014 tax year in
early 2016. The IRS audit of CAP tax year 2015 began in 2015. Accordingly, Dominion’s earliest tax year remaining open for federal examination is 2015.    It is reasonably possible that settlement negotiations and expiration of statutes of limitations could result in a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits in 2016 by up to $30 million for Dominion and $22
million for Dominion Gas. If such changes were to occur, other than revisions of the accrual for interest on tax underpayments and overpayments, earnings could increase by up to $15 million for Dominion and $10 million for Dominion Gas.  
 Otherwise, with regard to 2015 and prior years, Dominion and Dominion Gas cannot estimate the range of reasonably possible changes to
unrecognized tax benefits that may occur in 2016.    After considering the possibility of potential changes in the status of its
remaining unrecognized tax benefits, Virginia Power has concluded that no significant changes are reasonably possible to occur in 2016.    For each of the major states in which Dominion operates, the earliest tax year remaining open for examination is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 State 
    
 Earliest Open Tax Year 
   


 
   Pennsylvania (1) 
    
   
 2010 
    
 
   Connecticut 
    
   
 2012 
    
 
   Virginia (2) 
    
   
 2012 
    
 
   West Virginia (1) 
    
   
 2012 
    
 
   New
York (1) 
    
   
 2007 
    
 
 
 
 (1) 
 Considered a major state for Dominion Gas’ operations.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Considered a major state for Virginia Power’s operations.    The Companies are also obligated to report adjustments resulting from IRS settlements to state tax authorities. In addition, if Dominion utilizes operating losses or tax credits generated in years for
which the statute of limitations has expired, such amounts are generally subject to examination.    Discontinued Operations  
 Details of income tax expense for Dominion’s discontinued operations were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   


 
   Current: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
 $ 
 (274 
 )  
 
   State 
    
   
 (41 
 )  
 
   Total current benefit 
    
   
 (315 
 )  
 
   Deferred: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
   
 232 
    
 
   State 
    
   
 40 
    
 
   Total deferred expense 
    
   
 272 
    
 
   Total income tax benefit 
    
 $ 
 (43 
 )  
     

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 94 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Dominion’s effective tax rate for 2013 reflects the impact of goodwill written off in the sale of
Kincaid and Brayton Point that is not deductible for tax purposes.      
   
  N OTE  6. F AIR  V ALUE  M EASUREMENTS   
  Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. However, the use of a mid-market pricing convention (the mid-point between bid and ask prices) is permitted. Fair values are based on assumptions that market participants would use
when pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and the risks inherent in valuation techniques and the inputs to valuations. This includes not only the credit standing of counterparties involved and the impact of credit
enhancements but also the impact of the Companies’ own nonperformance risk on their liabilities. Fair value measurements assume that the transaction occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability (the market with the most volume and
activity for the asset or liability from the perspective of the reporting entity), or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability (the market in which the reporting entity would be able to maximize
the amount received or minimize the amount paid). Dominion and Virginia Power apply fair value measurements to certain assets and liabilities including commodity and interest rate derivative instruments, and nuclear decommissioning trust and other
investments including those held in Dominion’s rabbi, pension and other postretirement benefit plan trusts, in accordance with the requirements described above. Dominion Gas applies fair value measurements to certain assets and liabilities
including commodity and interest rate derivative instruments and investments held in pension and other postretirement benefit plan trusts, in accordance with the requirements described above. The Companies apply credit adjustments to their
derivative fair values in accordance with the requirements described above. These credit adjustments are currently not material to the derivative fair values.    Inputs and Assumptions    The Companies maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Fair value is based on actively-quoted market prices, if available. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices, price information is sought from external sources, including broker quotes and
industry publications. When evaluating pricing information provided by brokers and other pricing services, the Companies consider whether the broker is willing and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are based on an active market
or an inactive market and the extent to which brokers are utilizing a particular model if pricing is not readily available. If pricing information from external sources is not available, or if the Companies believe that observable pricing is not
indicative of fair value, judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair value. In those cases the Companies must estimate
 

  
prices based on available historical and near-term future price information and certain statistical methods, including regression analysis, that reflect their market assumptions.  
 The Companies’ commodity derivative valuations are prepared by Dominion’s ERM department. The ERM department creates daily
mark-to-market valuations for the Companies’ derivative transactions using computer-based statistical models. The inputs that go into the market valuations are transactional information stored in the systems of record and market pricing
information that resides in data warehouse databases. The majority of forward prices are automatically uploaded into the data warehouse databases from various third-party sources. Inputs obtained from third-party sources are evaluated for
reliability considering the reputation, independence, market presence, and methodology used by the third-party. If forward prices are not available from third-party sources, then the ERM department models the forward prices based on other available
market data. A team consisting of risk management and risk quantitative analysts meets each business day to assess the validity of market prices and mark-to-market valuations. During this meeting, the changes in mark-to-market valuations from period
to period are examined and qualified against historical expectations. If any discrepancies are identified during this process, the mark-to-market valuations or the market pricing information is evaluated further and adjusted, if necessary.
   For options and contracts with option-like characteristics where observable pricing information is not available from external
sources, Dominion and Virginia Power generally use a modified Black-Scholes Model that considers time value, the volatility of the underlying commodities and other relevant assumptions when estimating fair value. Dominion and Virginia Power use
other option models under special circumstances, including a Spread Approximation Model when contracts include different commodities or commodity locations and a Swing Option Model when contracts allow either the buyer or seller the ability to
exercise within a range of quantities. For contracts with unique characteristics, the Companies may estimate fair value using a discounted cash flow approach deemed appropriate in the circumstances and applied consistently from period to period. For
individual contracts, the use of different valuation models or assumptions could have a significant effect on the contract’s estimated fair value.    The inputs and assumptions used in measuring fair value include the following:  
 For commodity derivative contracts:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Forward commodity prices  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Transaction prices  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Price volatility  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Price correlation  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Volumes  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Commodity location  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Interest rates  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit quality of counterparties and the Companies  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit enhancements  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Time value
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 95 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  For interest rate derivative contracts:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Interest rate curves  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit quality of counterparties and the Companies  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Volumes  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit enhancements  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Time value  
 For investments:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Quoted securities prices and indices  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Securities trading information including volume and restrictions  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Maturity  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Interest rates  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Credit quality  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   NAV (for alternative investments and common/collective trust funds)  
 The Companies regularly evaluate and validate the inputs used to estimate fair value by a number of methods, including review and
verification of models, as well as various market price verification procedures such as the use of pricing services and multiple broker quotes to support the market price of the various commodities and investments in which the Companies transact.
   Levels    The Companies also utilize the
following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Level 1—Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets and liabilities that they have the ability to access at the measurement
date. Instruments categorized in Level 1 primarily consist of financial instruments such as certain exchange-traded derivatives, and exchange-listed equities, mutual funds and certain Treasury securities held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds
for Dominion and Virginia Power, benefit plan trust funds for Dominion and Dominion Gas, and rabbi trust funds for Dominion.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Level 2—Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability,
including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, and inputs
that are derived from observable market data by correlation or other means. Instruments categorized in Level 2 primarily include commodity forwards and swaps, interest rate swaps, restricted cash equivalents, and certain Treasury securities, money
market funds, common/collective trust funds, and corporate, state and municipal debt securities held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds for Dominion and Virginia Power, benefit plan trust funds for Dominion and Dominion Gas, and rabbi trust
funds for Dominion.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Level 3—Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, including situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or
liability. Instruments categorized in Level 3 for the Companies consist of long-dated commodity derivatives, FTRs, natural gas peaking options and other modeled commodity derivatives. Additional instruments categorized in Level 3 for Dominion and
Dominion Gas include alternative
 


 
 
   
   
   
investments, consisting of investments in partnerships, joint ventures and other alternative investments, held in benefit plan trust funds.  
 The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable
data (Level 3). In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall in different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In these cases, the lowest level input that is significant to a fair value measurement in its entirety determines the
applicable level in the fair value hierarchy. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, considering factors specific to the asset or liability.  
 For derivative contracts, the Companies recognize transfers among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 based on fair values as of the first day of
the month in which the transfer occurs. Transfers out of Level 3 represent assets and liabilities that were previously classified as Level 3 for which the inputs became observable for classification in either Level 1 or Level 2.
Because the activity and liquidity of commodity markets vary substantially between regions and time periods, the availability of observable inputs for substantially the full term and value of the Companies’ over-the-counter derivative contracts
is subject to change.    Level 3 Valuations  
 Fair value measurements are categorized as Level 3 when price or other inputs that are considered to be unobservable are significant to their valuations.
Long-dated commodity derivatives are generally based on unobservable inputs due to the length of time to settlement and the absence of market activity and are therefore categorized as Level 3. FTRs are categorized as Level 3 fair value measurements
because the only relevant pricing available comes from ISO auctions, which are generally not considered to be liquid markets. Other modeled commodity derivatives have unobservable inputs in their valuation, mostly due to non- transparent and
illiquid markets. Alternative investments are categorized as Level 3 due to the absence of quoted market prices, illiquidity and the long-term nature of these assets. These investments are generally valued using NAV based on the proportionate share
of the fair value as determined by reference to the most recent audited fair value financial statements or fair value statements provided by the investment manager adjusted for any significant events occurring between the investment manager’s
and the Companies’ measurement date.    The Companies enter into certain physical and financial forwards, futures, options
and swaps, which are considered Level 3 as they have one or more inputs that are not observable and are significant to the valuation. The discounted cash flow method is used to value Level 3 physical and financial forwards and futures contracts. An
option model is used to value Level 3 physical and financial options. The discounted cash flow model for forwards and futures calculates mark-to-market valuations based on forward market prices, original transaction prices, volumes, risk-free rate
of return, and credit spreads. The option model calculates mark-to-market valuations using variations of the Black-Scholes option model. The inputs into the models are the forward market prices, implied price volatilities, risk-free rate of return,
the option expiration dates, the option strike prices, the original sales prices,
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 96 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
and volumes. For Level 3 fair value measurements, forward market prices, credit spreads and implied price volatilities are considered unobservable. The unobservable inputs are developed and
substantiated using historical information, available market data,
 

  
third-party data, and statistical analysis. Periodically, inputs to valuation models are reviewed and revised as needed, based on historical information, updated market data, market liquidity and
relationships, and changes in third-party pricing sources.    
      The following table
presents Dominion’s quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2015. The range and weighted average are presented in dollars for market price inputs and percentages for price volatility and credit
spreads.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Fair Value (millions) 
   
    
 Valuation Techniques 
   
    
 Unobservable Input 
   
    
 Range 
   
    
 Weighted Average (1)
 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Physical and Financial Forwards and Futures: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Natural Gas (2) 
    
 $ 
 97 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per Dth) (4) 
    
    
   
 (2) - 8 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 Credit Spread (5) 
    
    
   
 1% - 6% 
    
    
   
 3 
 %  
 
   Liquids (3) 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per Gal) (4) 
    
    
   
 0 - 2 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   FTRs 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per MWh) (4) 
    
    
   
 (2) - 14 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Physical and Financial Options: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Natural Gas 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 Option Model 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per Dth) (4) 
    
    
   
 2 - 3 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 Price Volatility (6) 
    
    
   
 25% - 58% 
    
    
   
 37 
 %  
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 114 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Physical and Financial Forwards and Futures: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Natural Gas (2) 
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per Dth) (4) 
    
    
   
 (2) - 3 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   FTRs 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per MWh) (4) 
    
    
   
 (9) - 9 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Physical and Financial Options: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Natural Gas 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 Option Model 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per Dth) (4) 
    
    
   
 2 - 5 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 Price Volatility (6) 
    
    
   
 25% - 58% 
    
    
   
 35 
 %  
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 19 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Averages weighted by volume.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes basis.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes NGLs and oil.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Represents market prices beyond defined terms for Levels 1 and 2.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Represents credit spreads unrepresented in published markets.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Represents volatilities unrepresented in published markets.  
   
  Sensitivity of the fair value measurements to changes in the significant unobservable inputs is as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
    
 Position 
    
 Change to Input 
    
 Impact on Fair Value Measurement 
   


 
   Market Price 
    
 Buy 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Gain (loss) 
    
 
   Market Price 
    
 Sell 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Loss (gain) 
    
 
   Price Volatility 
    
 Buy 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Gain (loss) 
    
 
   Price Volatility 
    
 Sell 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Loss (gain) 
    
 
   Credit Spread 
    
 Asset 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Loss (gain) 
    
   Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements    D OMINION     See Note 3 for information regarding the sale of Brayton Point, Kincaid and
Dominion’s equity method investment in Elwood.    D OMINION  G AS   
 Natural Gas Assets    In the fourth quarter
of 2014, Dominion Gas recorded an impairment charge of $9 million ($6 million after-tax) in other
 

  
operations and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statements of Income, to write off previously capitalized costs following the cancellation of a development project.  
 In June 2013, Dominion Gas purchased certain natural gas infrastructure facilities that were previously leased from third parties. The
purchase price was based on terms in the lease, which exceeded current market pricing. As a result of the purchase price and expected losses, Dominion Gas recorded an impairment charge of $49 million ($29 million after-tax) in other operations
and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statements of Income, to write down the long-lived assets to their estimated fair values of less than $1 million. As management was not aware of any recent market transactions for comparable assets with
sufficient transparency to develop a market approach to fair value, Dominion Gas used the income approach (discounted cash flows) to estimate the fair value of the assets in this impairment test. This was considered a Level 3 fair value measurement
due to the use of significant unobservable inputs, including estimates of future production and other commodity prices.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 97 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  Also in June 2013, Dominion Gas recorded an impairment charge of $6 million ($4 million
after-tax) in other operations and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statements of Income, to write off previously capitalized costs following the cancellation of two development projects.  
 Recurring Fair Value Measurements    Fair value
measurements are separately disclosed by level within the fair value hierarchy with a separate reconciliation of fair value measurements categorized as Level 3. Fair value disclosures for assets held in Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension
and other postretirement benefit plans are presented in Note 21.
 
  D OMINION     The following table presents Dominion’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each hierarchy level, including both current and noncurrent portions:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 249 
    
    
 $ 
 114 
    
    
 $ 
 364 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 24 
    
 
   Investments (1) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S.: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 2,547 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2,547 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 5 
    
 
   REIT 
    
   
 63 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 63 
    
 
   Non-U.S.: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Fixed Income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 437 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 437 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 458 
    
    
   
 201 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 659 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 376 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 376 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 100 
    
 
   Cash equivalents and other 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 3,086 
    
    
 $ 
 1,389 
    
    
 $ 
 114 
    
    
 $ 
 4,589 
    
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 141 
    
    
 $ 
 19 
    
    
 $ 
 160 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 183 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 183 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 324 
    
    
 $ 
 19 
    
    
 $ 
 343 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 3 
    
    
 $ 
 567 
    
    
 $ 
 125 
    
    
 $ 
 695 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 24 
    
 
   Investments (1) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S.: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 2,669 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2,669 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Non-U.S.: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 12 
    
 
   Fixed Income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 441 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 441 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 419 
    
    
   
 190 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 609 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 395 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 395 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 74 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 74 
    
 
   Cash equivalents and other 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 13 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 3,112 
    
    
 $ 
 1,701 
    
    
 $ 
 125 
    
    
 $ 
 4,938 
    
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 3 
    
    
 $ 
 571 
    
    
 $ 
 18 
    
    
 $ 
 592 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 202 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 202 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 3 
    
    
 $ 
 773 
    
    
 $ 
 18 
    
    
 $ 
 794 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes investments held in the nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trusts.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 98 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  The following table presents the net change in Dominion’s assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and included in the Level 3 fair value category:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 
    
 $ 
 107 
    
   
 $ 
 (16 
 )  
   
 $ 
 25 
    
 
   Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 97 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Included in other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 109 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 (88 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
 
   Transfers out of Level
3 (1) 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 31, 
    
 $ 
 95 
    
   
 $ 
 107 
    
   
 $ 
 (16 
 )  
 
   The amount of total gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change
in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at the reporting date 
    
 $ 
 2 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 In March 2015, Dominion changed the classification of certain short term NGL derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2 due to an increase in liquidity in financial forward
markets. The transfers out of Level 3 that relate to NGLs for the year ended December 31, 2015 were $9 million.
 
  The following table presents Dominion’s gains and losses included in earnings in the
Level 3 fair value category:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 Operating Revenue 
   
   
   Electric 
 Fuel and 
 Other Energy- Related Purchases 
   
   
 Purchased Gas 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total gains (losses) included in earnings 
   
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 (11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
 
   The amount of total gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change
in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at the reporting date 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total gains (losses) included in earnings 
   
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 97 
    
   
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
   
 $ 
 97 
    
 
   The amount of total gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change
in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at the reporting date 
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total gains (losses) included in earnings 
   
 $ 
 11 
    
   
 $ 
 (19 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
 
   The amount of total gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change
in unrealized gains (losses) relating to assets still held at the reporting date 
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
     

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 99 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  V IRGINIA  P OWER     The following table presents Virginia Power’s quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2015. The range and weighted average are presented in dollars for
market price inputs and percentages for credit spreads.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Fair Value (millions) 
   
    
 Valuation Techniques 
   
    
 Unobservable Input 
   
    
 Range 
   
    
 Weighted Average (1) 
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Physical and Financial Forwards and Futures: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   FTRs 
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per MWh) (3) 
    
    
   
 (2) - 14 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Natural gas (2) 
    
   
 92 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per Dth) (3) 
    
    
   
 (2) - 4 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 Credit Spread (4) 
    
    
   
 1% - 6% 
    
    
   
 3 
 %  
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 101 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Physical and Financial Forwards and Futures: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   FTRs 
    
 $ 
 3 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per MWh) (3) 
    
    
   
 (9) - 9 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Physical and Financial Options: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Natural gas 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 Discounted Cash Flow 
    
    
   
 Market Price (per Dth) (3) 
    
    
   
 2 - 5 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 Price Volatility (5) 
    
    
   
 32% - 38% 
    
    
   
 35 
 %  
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 8 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Averages weighted by volume.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes basis.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Represents market prices beyond defined terms for Levels 1 and 2.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Represents credit spreads unrepresented in published markets.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Represents volatilities unrepresented in published markets.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 100 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Sensitivity of the fair value measurements to changes in the significant unobservable inputs is as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 
    
 Position 
    
 Change to Input 
    
 Impact on Fair Value Measurement 
   


 
   Market Price 
    
 Buy 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Gain (loss) 
    
 
   Market Price 
    
 Sell 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Loss (gain) 
    
 
   Price Volatility 
    
 Buy 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Gain (loss) 
    
 
   Price Volatility 
    
 Sell 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Loss (gain) 
    
 
   Credit Spread 
    
 Asset 
    
 Increase (decrease) 
    
   
 Loss (gain) 
    
   The following table presents Virginia Power’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring
basis for each hierarchy level, including both current and noncurrent portions:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 101 
    
    
 $ 
 114 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 13 
    
 
   Investments (1) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S.: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 1,100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,100 
    
 
   REIT 
    
   
 63 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 63 
    
 
   Fixed Income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 238 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 238 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 180 
    
    
   
 79 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 259 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 175 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 175 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 34 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 34 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 1,343 
    
    
 $ 
 552 
    
    
 $ 
 101 
    
    
 $ 
 1,996 
    
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 19 
    
    
 $ 
 8 
    
    
 $ 
 27 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 59 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 59 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 78 
    
    
 $ 
 8 
    
    
 $ 
 86 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 7 
    
    
 $ 
 106 
    
    
 $ 
 113 
    
 
   Investments (1) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S.: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 1,157 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,157 
    
 
   Fixed Income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 250 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 250 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 137 
    
    
   
 61 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 198 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 211 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 211 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 23 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 23 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 1,294 
    
    
 $ 
 552 
    
    
 $ 
 106 
    
    
 $ 
 1,952 
    
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 4 
    
    
 $ 
 15 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 72 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 72 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 83 
    
    
 $ 
 4 
    
    
 $ 
 87 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes investments held in the nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trusts.
 
  The following table presents the net change in Virginia Power’s assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and included in the Level 3 fair value category:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 
    
 $ 
 102 
    
   
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 96 
    
   
   
 (17 
 )  
 
   Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 109 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 (96 
 )  
   
   
 17 
    
 
   Transfers out of Level 3 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Balance at December 31, 
    
 $ 
 93 
    
   
 $ 
 102 
    
   
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   The gains and losses included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category were classified in electric
fuel and other energy-related purchases expense in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. There were no unrealized gains and losses included in earnings in the Level 3
fair value category relating to assets/liabilities still held at the reporting date for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.  
 D OMINION  G AS     The
following table presents Dominion Gas’ quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2015. The range and weighted average are presented in dollars for market price inputs and percentages for credit spreads.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 Fair Value (millions) 
   
   
 Valuation Techniques 
   
   
 Unobservable Input 
   
   
 Range 
   
   
 Weighted Average (1)
 
   


 
   Assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Physical and Financial Forwards and Futures: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   NGLs 
   
 $ 
 6 
    
   
     
 Discounted Cash Flow 
       
   
       
 Market Price (per Gal) (2) 
          
   
   
 0 - 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 6 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Averages weighted by volume.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents market prices beyond defined terms for Levels 1 and 2.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  The following table presents Dominion Gas’ assets and liabilities for commodity and interest rate
derivatives that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each hierarchy level, including both current and noncurrent portions:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   
 9 
    
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
   The following table presents the net change in Dominion Gas’ derivative assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis and included in the Level 3 fair value category:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 
    
 $ 
 2 
    
   
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (12 
 )  
 
   Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Included in earnings 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Included in other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Transfers out of Level
3 (1) 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Balance at December 31, 
    
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 2 
    
   
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 In March 2015, Dominion Gas changed the classification of certain short term NGL derivatives from Level 3 to Level 2 due to an increase in liquidity in financial
forward markets. The transfers out of Level 3 that relate to NGLs for the year ended December 31, 2015 were $9 million.    The gains and losses included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category were classified in operating revenue in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. There were no unrealized gains and losses included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category relating to assets/liabilities still held at the reporting date for the years ended December 31, 2015,
2014 and 2013.  
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments    Substantially all of the Companies’ financial instruments are recorded at fair value, with the exception of the instruments described below, which are reported at historical cost. Estimated fair
values have been determined using available market information and valuation methodologies considered appropriate by management. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash (which is recorded in other current assets), customer
and other receivables, short-term debt, affiliated current borrowings, payables to affiliates and accounts payable are representative of fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. For the Companies’ financial instruments
that are not recorded at fair value, the carrying amounts and estimated fair values are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
     
   
 Carrying Amount 
   
   
 Estimated 
Fair Value (1) 
   
   
 Carrying Amount 
   
   
 Estimated Fair Value (1) 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Dominion 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt, including securities due within one
year (2) 
   
 $ 
 21,998 
    
   
 $ 
 23,210 
    
   
 $ 
 19,723 
    
   
 $ 
 21,881 
    
 
   Junior subordinated notes (3) 
   
   
 1,358 
    
   
   
 1,192 
    
   
   
 1,374 
    
   
   
 1,396 
    
 
   Remarketable subordinated
notes (3) 
   
   
 2,086 
    
   
   
 2,129 
    
   
   
 2,083 
    
   
   
 2,362 
    
 
   Virginia Power 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt, including securities due within one year (3) 
   
 $ 
 9,425 
    
   
 $ 
 10,400 
    
   
 $ 
 8,937 
    
   
 $ 
 10,293 
    
 
   Dominion Gas 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt, including securities due within one year (3) 
   
 $ 
 3,292 
    
   
 $ 
 3,299 
    
   
 $ 
 2,594 
    
   
 $ 
 2,672 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Fair value is estimated using market prices, where available, and interest rates currently available for issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining
maturities. All fair value measurements are classified as Level 2. The carrying amount of debt issues with short-term maturities and variable rates refinanced at current market rates is a reasonable estimate of their fair value.
 
 
 
 (2) 
 Carrying amount includes amounts which represent the unamortized discount and/or premium. At December 31, 2015, and 2014, includes the valuation of certain
fair value hedges associated with Dominion’s fixed rate debt, of $7 million and $19 million, respectively.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Carrying amount includes amounts which represent the unamortized discount and/or premium.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 102 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

    
   

  N OTE  7. D ERIVATIVES  A ND  H EDGE  A CCOUNTING 
A CTIVITIES   
  The Companies are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the price of electricity, natural gas and other energy-related
products they market and purchase, as well as interest rate risks of their business operations. The Companies use derivative instruments to manage exposure to these risks, and designate certain derivative instruments as fair value or cash flow
hedges for accounting purposes. As discussed in Note 2, for jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation, changes in the fair value of derivatives are deferred as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities until the related transactions
impact earnings. See Note 6 for further information about fair value measurements and associated valuation methods for derivatives.    Derivative assets and liabilities are presented gross on the Companies’ Consolidated Balance Sheets. Dominion’s derivative contracts include both over-the-counter transactions and those that are
executed on an exchange or other trading platform (exchange contracts) and centrally cleared. Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ derivative contracts include over-the-counter
 

  
transactions. Over-the-counter contracts are bilateral contracts that are transacted directly with a third party. Exchange contracts utilize a financial intermediary, exchange, or clearinghouse
to enter, execute, or clear the transactions. Certain over-the-counter and exchange contracts contain contractual rights of setoff through master netting arrangements, derivative clearing agreements, and contract default provisions. In addition, the
contracts are subject to conditional rights of setoff through counterparty nonperformance, insolvency, or other conditions.  
 In general, most over-the-counter transactions and all exchange contracts are subject to collateral requirements. Types of collateral
for over-the-counter and exchange contracts include cash, letters of credit, and other forms of security, none of which are subject to restrictions. Cash collateral is used in the table below to offset derivative assets and liabilities. Certain
accounts receivable and accounts payable recognized on the Companies’ Consolidated Balance Sheets, as well as letters of credit and other forms of security, all of which are not included in the tables below, are subject to offset under master
netting or similar arrangements and would reduce the net exposure.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 103 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  D OMINION     Balance Sheet Presentation    The tables below present Dominion’s derivative asset and liability
balances by type of financial instrument, before and after the effects of offsetting:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 24 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 24 
    
    
 $ 
 24 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 24 
    
 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
   
 217 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 217 
    
    
   
 382 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 382 
    
 
   Exchange 
    
   
 138 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 138 
    
    
   
 298 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 298 
    
 
   Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
   
 379 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 379 
    
    
   
 704 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 704 
    
 
   Total derivatives, not subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 15 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 15 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 388 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 388 
    
    
 $ 
 719 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 719 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
     
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
 
     
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 24 
    
    
 $ 
 22 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 24 
    
    
 $ 
 16 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 8 
    
 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
   
 217 
    
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 180 
    
    
   
 382 
    
    
   
 34 
    
    
   
 34 
    
    
   
 314 
    
 
   Exchange 
    
   
 138 
    
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 56 
    
    
   
 298 
    
    
   
 298 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 379 
    
    
 $ 
 141 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 238 
    
    
 $ 
 704 
    
    
 $ 
 348 
    
    
 $ 
 34 
    
    
 $ 
 322 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 183 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 183 
    
    
 $ 
 202 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 202 
    
 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
   
 70 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 70 
    
    
   
 87 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 87 
    
 
   Exchange 
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 493 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 493 
    
 
   Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
   
 335 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 335 
    
    
   
 782 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 782 
    
 
   Total derivatives, not subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 12 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 343 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 343 
    
    
 $ 
 794 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 794 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 104 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
     
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
 
     
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Paid 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Paid 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 183 
    
    
 $ 
 22 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 161 
    
    
 $ 
 202 
    
    
 $ 
 16 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 186 
    
 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
   
 70 
    
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 33 
    
    
   
 87 
    
    
   
 34 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 52 
    
 
   Exchange 
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 493 
    
    
   
 298 
    
    
   
 195 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 335 
    
    
 $ 
 141 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 194 
    
    
 $ 
 782 
    
    
 $ 
 348 
    
    
 $ 
 196 
    
    
 $ 
 238 
    
 
   
  Volumes    The following table presents the volume of Dominion’s derivative activity as of December 31, 2015. These volumes are based on open derivative positions and represent the combined absolute
value of their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Current 
   
    
 Noncurrent 
   


 
   Natural Gas (bcf): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed price (1) 
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 19 
    
 
   Basis 
    
   
 216 
    
    
   
 554 
    
 
   Electricity (MWh): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed price 
    
   
 15,661,078 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   FTRs 
    
   
 33,350,993 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Capacity (MW) 
    
   
 7,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Liquids (Gal) (2) 
    
   
 83,076,000 
    
    
   
 18,606,000 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
 $ 
 2,950,000,000 
    
    
 $ 
 3,100,000,000 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes options.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes NGLs and oil.    Ineffectiveness and AOCI
   For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, gains or losses on hedging instruments determined to be ineffective and amounts
excluded from the assessment of effectiveness were not material. Amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness include gains or losses attributable to changes in the time value of options and changes in the differences between spot prices
and forward prices.  
  The following table presents selected information related to gains (losses) on cash flow
hedges included in AOCI in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 AOCI After-Tax 
   
   
 Amounts Expected to be Reclassified to Earnings during the next
12 Months After-Tax 
   
   
 Maximum Term 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Commodities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gas 
    
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 22 months 
    
 
   Electricity 
    
   
 76 
    
   
   
 76 
    
   
   
 12 months 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 15 months 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 (251 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 387 months 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (176 
 )  
   
 $ 
 66 
    
   
   
   
   
   The amounts that will be reclassified from AOCI to earnings will generally be offset by the recognition
of the hedged transactions (e.g., anticipated sales) in earnings, thereby achieving the realization of prices contemplated by the underlying risk management strategies and will vary from the expected amounts presented above as a result of changes in
market prices and interest rates.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 105 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  Fair Value and Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments  
 The following tables present the fair values of Dominion’s derivatives and where they are presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 
 Fair Value -   Derivatives under Hedge Accounting 
   
    
 
 Fair Value -   Derivatives not under Hedge Accounting 
   
    
 Total Fair Value 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 101 
    
    
 $ 
 151 
    
    
 $ 
 252 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Total current derivative assets 
    
   
 104 
    
    
   
 151 
    
    
   
 255 
    
 
   Noncurrent Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 109 
    
    
   
 112 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 21 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 21 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative assets (1) 
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 109 
    
    
   
 133 
    
 
   Total derivative assets 
    
 $ 
 128 
    
    
 $ 
 260 
    
    
 $ 
 388 
    
 
   LIABILITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 32 
    
    
 $ 
 116 
    
    
 $ 
 148 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 164 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 164 
    
 
   Total current derivative liabilities 
    
   
 196 
    
    
   
 116 
    
    
   
 312 
    
 
   Noncurrent Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 12 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 19 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (2) 
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 31 
    
 
   Total derivative liabilities 
    
 $ 
 215 
    
    
 $ 
 128 
    
    
 $ 
 343 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 281 
    
    
 $ 
 242 
    
    
 $ 
 523 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 13 
    
 
   Total current derivative assets 
    
   
 294 
    
    
   
 242 
    
    
   
 536 
    
 
   Noncurrent Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
   
 71 
    
    
   
 101 
    
    
   
 172 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 11 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative assets (1) 
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 101 
    
    
   
 183 
    
 
   Total derivative assets 
    
 $ 
 376 
    
    
 $ 
 343 
    
    
 $ 
 719 
    
 
   LIABILITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 224 
    
    
 $ 
 267 
    
    
 $ 
 491 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 100 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 100 
    
 
   Total current derivative liabilities 
    
   
 324 
    
    
   
 267 
    
    
   
 591 
    
 
   Noncurrent Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
   
 55 
    
    
   
 46 
    
    
   
 101 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 102 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 102 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (2) 
    
   
 157 
    
    
   
 46 
    
    
   
 203 
    
 
   Total derivative liabilities 
    
 $ 
 481 
    
    
 $ 
 313 
    
    
 $ 
 794 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Noncurrent derivative assets are presented in other deferred charges and other assets in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Noncurrent derivative liabilities are presented in other deferred credits and other liabilities in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 
  The following tables present the gains and losses on Dominion’s derivatives, as well
as where the associated activity is presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships 
   
 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI
on Derivatives (Effective Portion) (1) 
   
   
 Amount of Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI to Income 
   
   
 Increase (Decrease) in Derivatives Subject to Regulatory Treatment (2) 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 203 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchased gas 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 230 
    
   
 $ 
 187 
    
   
 $ 
 4 
    
 
   Interest
rate (3) 
   
   
 (46 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 184 
    
   
 $ 
 176 
    
   
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 (130 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchased gas 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 245 
    
   
 $ 
 (136 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
 
   Interest
rate (3) 
   
   
 (208 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (81 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 37 
    
   
 $ 
 (152 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (85 
 )  
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 (58 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Purchased gas 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 (481 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (115 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5 
    
 
   Interest
rate (3) 
   
   
 77 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 81 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 (404 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (130 
 )  
   
 $ 
 86 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts deferred into AOCI have no associated effect in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents net derivative activity deferred into and amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no
associated effect in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Amounts recorded in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging 
 instruments 
   
 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives (1) 
   
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 $ 
 24 
    
   
 $ 
 (310 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (45 
 )  
 
   Purchased gas 
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 (51 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 (29 
 )  
 
   Interest
rate (2) 
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (248 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (83 
 )  
     

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 106 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 
 
 (1) 
 Includes derivative activity amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no associated effect in
Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts recorded in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges.  
 V IRGINIA  P OWER     Balance
Sheet Presentation    The tables below present Virginia Power’s derivative asset and liability balances by type of financial instrument,
before and after the effects of offsetting:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
   
 101 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 101 
    
    
   
 106 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 106 
    
 
   Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
   
 114 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 114 
    
    
   
 106 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 106 
    
 
   Total derivatives, not subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 7 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 127 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 127 
    
    
 $ 
 113 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 113 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
    
     
   
 
     
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
 
     
    
   Net Amounts of 
 Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
   Net 
 Amounts 
   
    
   Net Amounts of 
 Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 10 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 3 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
   
 101 
    
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 98 
    
    
   
 106 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 102 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 114 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 101 
    
    
 $ 
 106 
    
    
 $ 
 4 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 102 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 59 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 59 
    
    
 $ 
 72 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 72 
    
 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
   
 64 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 64 
    
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 80 
    
 
   Total derivatives, not subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 7 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 86 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 86 
    
    
 $ 
 87 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 87 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 107 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
    
     
   
 
     
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
 
     
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Paid 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Paid 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 59 
    
    
 $ 
 10 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 49 
    
    
 $ 
 72 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 72 
    
 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 64 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 51 
    
    
 $ 
 80 
    
    
 $ 
 4 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 76 
    
 
   
  Volumes    The following table presents the volume of Virginia Power’s derivative activity at December 31, 2015. These volumes are based on open derivative positions and represent the combined
absolute value of their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Current 
   
    
 Noncurrent 
   


 
   Natural Gas (bcf): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed price (1) 
    
   
 32 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Basis 
    
   
 102 
    
    
   
 509 
    
 
   Electricity (MWh): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   FTRs 
    
   
 30,383,934 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Capacity (MW) 
    
   
 7,600 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
 $ 
 900,000,000 
    
    
 $ 
 1,100,000,000 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes options.    Ineffectiveness
   For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, gains or losses on hedging instruments determined to be ineffective were
not material.  
  Fair Value and Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments  
 The following tables present the fair values of Virginia Power’s derivatives and where they are presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
   Fair Value - 
 Derivatives   under 
 Hedge   Accounting 
   
   
   Fair Value - 
 Derivatives   not under 
 Hedge   Accounting 
   
   
   Total 
 Fair   Value 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 18 
    
   
 $ 
 18 
    
 
   Total current derivative assets (1) 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 18 
    
 
   Noncurrent Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 96 
    
   
   
 96 
    
 
   Interest rate 
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative assets (2) 
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 96 
    
   
   
 109 
    
 
   Total derivative assets 
   
 $ 
 13 
    
   
 $ 
 114 
    
   
 $ 
 127 
    
 
   LIABILITIES 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 23 
    
   
 $ 
 23 
    
 
   Interest rate 
   
   
 57 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 57 
    
 
   Total current derivative liabilities 
   
   
 57 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 80 
    
 
   Noncurrent Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Interest rate 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (3) 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Total derivative liabilities 
   
 $ 
 59 
    
   
 $ 
 27 
    
   
 $ 
 86 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 51 
    
   
 $ 
 51 
    
 
   Total current derivative
assets (1) 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 51 
    
 
   Noncurrent Assets 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 62 
    
   
 $ 
 62 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative assets (2) 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 62 
    
   
   
 62 
    
 
   Total derivative assets 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 113 
    
   
 $ 
 113 
    
 
   LIABILITIES 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
   
 $ 
 3 
    
   
 $ 
 12 
    
   
 $ 
 15 
    
 
   Interest rate 
   
   
 45 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 45 
    
 
   Total current derivative liabilities 
   
   
 48 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 60 
    
 
   Noncurrent Liabilities 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate 
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (3) 
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
   Total derivative liabilities 
   
 $ 
 75 
    
   
 $ 
 12 
    
   
 $ 
 87 
    
     

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 108 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  

 
 
 (1) 
 Current derivative assets are presented in other current assets in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Noncurrent derivative assets are presented in other deferred charges and other assets in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 
 
 
 (3) 
 Noncurrent derivative liabilities are presented in other deferred credits and other liabilities in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
   The following tables present the gains and losses on Virginia Power’s derivatives, as well as where
the associated activity is presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives in cash flow hedging 
 relationships 
   
 
 Amount of Gain (Loss) 
 Recognized in AOCI on 
 Derivatives   (Effective 
 Portion) (1) 
   
   
   Amount of 
 Gain (Loss)   Reclassified 
 from AOCI to 
 Income 
   
   
   Increase 
 (Decrease) in 
 Derivatives   Subject to 
 Regulatory   Treatment (2) 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
   
   
   
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4 
    
 
   Interest
rate (3) 
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 5 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
 
   Interest
rate (3) 
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (81 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 (85 
 )  
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
   
   
   
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 5 
    
 
   Interest
rate (3) 
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 81 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 9 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 86 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts deferred into AOCI have no associated effect in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents net derivative activity deferred into and amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no
associated effect in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Amounts recorded in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges.
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging 
 instruments 
    
 
 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized   in Income on Derivatives (1) 
   
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 Commodity (2) 
    
 $ 
 (13 
 )  
   
 $ 
 105 
    
    
 $ 
 (16 
 )  
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (13 
 )  
   
 $ 
 105 
    
    
 $ 
 (16 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes derivative activity amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no associated effect in
Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts recorded in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in electric fuel and other energy-related purchases.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 109 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  D OMINION  G AS     Balance Sheet Presentation    The tables below present Dominion Gas’ derivative asset and
liability balances by type of financial instrument, before and after the effects of offsetting:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
    
     
   
 
     
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
 
     
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Assets Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Received 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Commodity contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities 
   
    
 Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
 
   Total derivatives, subject to a master netting or similar arrangement 
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2015 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
 December 31, 2014 
   
    
     
   
 
     
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
    
     
   
    
 Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
     
   
 
     
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Paid 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
    
 Net Amounts of Liabilities Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
   
    
 Financial Instruments 
   
    
 Cash Collateral Paid 
   
    
 Net Amounts 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Interest rate contracts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Over-the-counter 
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 110 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  
  Volumes    The following table presents the volume of Dominion Gas’ derivative activity at December 31, 2015. These volumes are based on open derivative positions and represent the combined absolute
value of their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Current 
   
    
 Noncurrent 
   


 
   NGLs (Gal) 
    
   
 77,364,000 
    
    
   
 13,818,000 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
 $ 
 250,000,000 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   Ineffectiveness and AOCI    For the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, gains or losses on hedging instruments determined to be ineffective were not material.  
 The following table presents selected information related to gains (losses) on cash flow hedges included in AOCI in Dominion Gas’
Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 AOCI After-Tax 
   
   
 Amounts Expected to be Reclassified to Earnings during the next
12 Months After-Tax 
   
    
 Maximum Term 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Commodities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   NGLs 
    
 $ 
 7 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
    
   
 15 months 
    
 
   Interest rate 
    
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 348 months 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 (17 
 )  
   
 $ 
 6 
    
    
   
   
   
   The amounts that will be reclassified from AOCI to earnings will generally be offset by the recognition
of the hedged transactions (e.g., anticipated sales) in earnings, thereby achieving the realization of prices contemplated by the underlying risk management strategies and will vary from the expected amounts presented above as a result of changes in
market prices and interest rates.  
  Fair Value and Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments  
 The following tables present the fair values of Dominion Gas’ derivatives and where they are presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Fair Value - 
 Derivatives   under 
 Hedge   Accounting 
   
    
   Fair Value - 
 Derivatives   not under 
 Hedge   Accounting 
   
    
   Total 
 Fair   Value 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 10 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 10 
    
 
   Total current derivative
assets (1) 
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Noncurrent Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative assets (2) 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Total derivative assets 
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
 
   LIABILITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate 
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
 
   Total current derivative liabilities (3) 
    
   
 14 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 14 
    
 
   Total derivative liabilities 
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Total current derivative
assets (1) 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Total derivative assets 
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   LIABILITIES 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Noncurrent Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate 
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
 
   Total noncurrent derivative liabilities (4) 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 9 
    
 
   Total derivative liabilities 
    
 $ 
 9 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Current derivative assets are presented in other current assets in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Noncurrent derivative assets are presented in other deferred charges and other assets in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 
 
 
 (3) 
 Current derivative liabilities are presented in other current liabilities in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Noncurrent derivative liabilities are presented in other deferred credits and other liabilities in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheets.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 111 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  The following tables present the gains and losses on Dominion Gas’ derivatives, as
well as where the associated activity is presented in its Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Income:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives in cash flow hedging 
 relationships 
   
 
 Amount of Gain 
 (Loss)   Recognized in 
 AOCI on   Derivatives 
 (Effective   Portion) (1) 
   
   
   Amount of 
 Gain (Loss)   Reclassified 
 from AOCI to 
 Income 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 16 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
   Interest
rate (2) 
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 10 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Purchased gas 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (14 
 )  
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 12 
    
   
 $ 
 (12 
 )  
 
   Interest
rate (2) 
   
   
 (62 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 (50 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (13 
 )  
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
 
   Purchased gas 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (14 
 )  
 
   Total commodity 
   
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (16 
 )  
 
   Interest
rate (2) 
   
   
 68 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 66 
    
   
 $ 
 (16 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts deferred into AOCI have no associated effect in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts recorded in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges.
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging 
 instruments 
   
 
 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized   in Income on Derivatives 
   
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Derivative Type and Location of Gains (Losses) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Commodity 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
     
        
  N OTE  8. E ARNINGS  P ER  S HARE   
  The following table presents the calculation of Dominion’s basic and diluted EPS:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions, except EPS) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
    
 $ 
 1,899 
    
    
 $ 
 1,310 
    
    
 $ 
 1,697 
    
 
   Average shares of common stock outstanding-Basic 
    
   
 592.4 
    
    
   
 582.7 
    
    
   
 578.7 
    
 
   Net effect of dilutive
securities (1) 
    
   
 1.3 
    
    
   
 1.8 
    
    
   
 0.8 
    
 
   Average shares of common stock outstanding-Diluted 
    
   
 593.7 
    
    
   
 584.5 
    
    
   
 579.5 
    
 
   Earnings Per Common Share-Basic 
    
 $ 
 3.21 
    
    
 $ 
 2.25 
    
    
 $ 
 2.93 
    
 
   Earnings Per Common Share-Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.20 
    
    
 $ 
 2.24 
    
    
 $ 
 2.93 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Dilutive securities consist primarily of the 2013 Equity Units for 2015, the 2013 Equity Units and contingently convertible senior notes for 2014, and contingently
convertible senior notes for 2013. Dominion redeemed all of its contingently convertible senior notes in 2014. See Note 17 for more information.    The 2014 Equity Units are potentially dilutive securities but were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2015 as inclusion would have been antidilutive. The
2014 Equity Units were excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2014, as the dilutive stock price threshold was not met. The 2013 Equity Units are potentially dilutive securities but were excluded from
the calculation of diluted EPS for the year ended December 31, 2013. See Note 17 for more information.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 112 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
    
  N OTE  9. I NVESTMENTS   
  D OMINION     Equity and
Debt Securities    R ABBI  T RUST  S ECURITIES   
 Marketable equity and debt securities and cash equivalents held in Dominion’s rabbi trusts and classified as trading totaled $100 million and $110
million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    D ECOMMISSIONING  T RUST  S ECURITIES 
   Dominion holds marketable equity and debt securities (classified as available-for-sale), cash equivalents and cost method investments in
nuclear decommissioning trust funds to fund future decommissioning costs for its nuclear plants. Dominion’s decommissioning trust funds are summarized below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Amortized 
 Cost 
   
    
   Total 
 Unrealized   Gains (1) 
   
    
   Total 
 Unrealized   Losses (1) 
   
   
   Fair 
 Value 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Marketable equity securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. large cap 
    
 $ 
 1,295 
    
    
 $ 
 1,213 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 2,508 
    
 
   REIT 
    
   
 59 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 63 
    
 
   Marketable debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 433 
    
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 437 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 654 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 658 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 312 
    
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 334 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 99 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 99 
    
 
   Cost method investments 
    
   
 70 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 70 
    
 
   Cash equivalents and
other (2) 
    
   
 14 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,936 
    
    
 $ 
 1,258 
    
    
 $ 
 (11 
 ) (3)   
   
 $ 
 4,183 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Marketable equity securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. large cap 
    
 $ 
 1,273 
    
    
 $ 
 1,353 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 2,626 
    
 
   Marketable debt securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 424 
    
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 441 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 597 
    
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 606 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 332 
    
    
   
 23 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 355 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 66 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 66 
    
 
   Cost method investments 
    
   
 86 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 86 
    
 
   Cash equivalents and
other (2) 
    
   
 16 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,794 
    
    
 $ 
 1,408 
    
    
 $ 
 (6 
 ) (3)   
   
 $ 
 4,196 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Included in AOCI and the nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes pending sales of securities of $12 million and $3 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The fair value of securities in an unrealized loss position was $592 million and $379 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
 
   
  The fair value of Dominion’s marketable debt securities held in nuclear
decommissioning trust funds at December 31, 2015 by contractual maturity is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   


 
   Due in one year or less 
    
 $ 
 208 
    
 
   Due after one year through five years 
    
   
 396 
    
 
   Due after five years through ten years 
    
   
 412 
    
 
   Due after ten years 
    
   
 512 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,528 
    
   
  Presented below is selected information regarding Dominion’s marketable equity and
debt securities held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Proceeds from sales 
    
 $ 
 1,340 
    
    
 $ 
 1,235 
    
    
 $ 
 1,476 
    
 
   Realized gains (1) 
    
   
 219 
    
    
   
 171 
    
    
   
 157 
    
 
   Realized
losses (1) 
    
   
 84 
    
    
   
 30 
    
    
   
 33 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes realized gains and losses recorded to the nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 113 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  Dominion recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments held in nuclear
decommissioning trust funds as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Total other-than-temporary impairment losses (1) 
    
 $ 
 66 
    
   
 $ 
 21 
    
   
 $ 
 31 
    
 
   Losses recorded to nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability 
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Losses recognized in other comprehensive income (before taxes) 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Net impairment losses recognized in earnings 
    
 $ 
 31 
    
   
 $ 
 13 
    
   
 $ 
 8 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts include other-than-temporary impairment losses for debt securities of $9 million, $3 million and $18 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.    V IRGINIA  P OWER     Virginia Power holds marketable equity and debt securities (classified as available-for-sale), cash equivalents and cost method investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds to fund future
decommissioning costs for its nuclear plants. Virginia Power’s decommissioning trust funds are summarized below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
   Amortized 
 Cost 
   
   
   Total 
 Unrealized   Gains (1) 
   
   
   Total 
 Unrealized   Losses (1) 
   
   
   Fair 
 Value 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Marketable equity securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. large cap 
   
 $ 
 574 
    
   
 $ 
 525 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,099 
    
 
   REIT 
   
   
 59 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 63 
    
 
   Marketable debt securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
   
   
 237 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 238 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
   
   
 260 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 259 
    
 
   State and municipal 
   
   
 162 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 174 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 34 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 34 
    
 
   Cost method investments 
   
   
 70 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 70 
    
 
   Cash equivalents and
other (2) 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 1,404 
    
   
 $ 
 548 
    
   
 $ 
 (7 
 ) (3)   
   
 $ 
 1,945 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Marketable equity securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. large cap 
   
 $ 
 563 
    
   
 $ 
 594 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,157 
    
 
   Marketable debt securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
   
   
 242 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 250 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
   
   
 197 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 198 
    
 
   State and municipal 
   
   
 197 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 210 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 23 
    
 
   Cost method investments 
   
   
 86 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 86 
    
 
   Cash equivalents and
other (2) 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 1,314 
    
   
 $ 
 619 
    
   
 $ 
 (3 
 ) (3)   
   
 $ 
 1,930 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Included in AOCI and the nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes pending sales of securities of $8 million and $6 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The fair value of securities in an unrealized loss position was $281 million and $170 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
 
  The fair value of Virginia Power’s marketable debt securities at December 31,
2015, by contractual maturity is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   


 
   Due in one year or less 
    
 $ 
 67 
    
 
   Due after one year through five years 
    
   
 166 
    
 
   Due after five years through ten years 
    
   
 236 
    
 
   Due after ten years 
    
   
 236 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 705 
    
   Presented below is selected information regarding Virginia Power’s marketable equity and debt
securities held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Proceeds from sales 
    
 $ 
 639 
    
    
 $ 
 549 
    
    
 $ 
 572 
    
 
   Realized gains (1) 
    
   
 110 
    
    
   
 73 
    
    
   
 52 
    
 
   Realized
losses (1) 
    
   
 43 
    
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 14 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes realized gains and losses recorded to the nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2.  
 Virginia Power recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Total other-than-temporary impairment
losses (1) 
    
 $ 
 36 
    
   
 $ 
 8 
    
   
 $ 
 15 
    
 
   Losses recorded to nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability 
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Losses recorded in other comprehensive income (before taxes) 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Net impairment losses recognized in earnings 
    
 $ 
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 2 
    
   
 $ 
 1 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts include other-than-temporary impairment losses for debt securities of $6 million, $2 million and $9 million at December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.    E QUITY  M ETHOD  I NVESTMENTS   
 Dominion and Dominion Gas    Investments that
Dominion and Dominion Gas account for under the equity method of accounting are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Company 
   
 Ownership% 
   
   
 Investment Balance 
   
   
 Description 
 
 As of December 31, 
   
     
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
     
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Dominion 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Blue Racer 
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
 $ 
 661 
    
   
 $ 
 671 
    
   
 Midstream gas and related services 
 
   Iroquois 
   
   
 50.65 
 % (1)   
   
   
 324 
    
   
   
 107 
    
   
 Gas transmission system 
 
   Fowler Ridge 
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 125 
    
   
   
 134 
    
   
 Wind-powered merchant generation facility 
 
   NedPower 
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 119 
    
   
   
 128 
    
   
 Wind-powered merchant generation facility 
 
   Atlantic Coast Pipeline 
   
   
 45 
 %  
   
   
 59 
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
 Gas transmission system 
 
   Other (2) 

   
   
 various 
    
   
   
 32 
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
   
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 1,320 
    
   
 $ 
 1,081 
    
   
   
 
   Dominion Gas 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Iroquois 
   
   
 24.72 
 %  
   
 $ 
 102 
    
   
 $ 
 107 
    
   
 Gas transmission system 
 
   Total 
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 102 
    
   
 $ 
 107 
    
   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Comprised of Dominion Midstream’s interest of 25.93% and Dominion Gas’ interest of 24.72%. See Note 15 for more information.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Dominion has a $50 million commitment to invest in clean power and technology businesses through 2018.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 114 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Dominion’s equity earnings on its investments totaled $56 million, $46 million and $14
million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Dominion received distributions from these investments of $83 million, $60 million and $33 million in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the carrying amount of
Dominion’s investments exceeded its share of underlying equity in net assets by $234 million and $126 million, respectively. These differences are comprised at December 31, 2015 and 2014, of $72 million and $87 million, respectively, related to
basis differences from Dominion’s investments in Blue Racer and wind projects, which are being amortized over the useful lives of the underlying assets, and $162 million and $39 million, respectively, reflecting equity method goodwill that is
not being amortized.    Dominion Gas’ equity earnings on its investment totaled $23 million, $21 million and $22 million in
2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Dominion Gas received distributions from its investment of $28 million, $20 million and $19 million in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, the carrying amount of Dominion
Gas’ investment exceeded its share of underlying equity in net assets by $8 million. The difference reflects equity method goodwill and is not being amortized.    Equity earnings are recorded in other income in Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income.    B LUE  R ACER     In December 2012, Dominion formed a joint venture
with Caiman to provide midstream services to natural gas producers operating in the Utica Shale region in Ohio and portions of Pennsylvania. Blue Racer is an equal partnership between Dominion and Caiman, with Dominion contributing midstream assets
and Caiman contributing private equity capital.    In March 2013, Dominion Gas sold Line TL-404 to an affiliate, that
subsequently sold line TL-404 to Blue Racer for cash proceeds of $47 million. The sale resulted in a gain of $25 million ($14 million after-tax) net of a $2 million write-off of goodwill, and is included in other operations and maintenance expense
in both Dominion Gas’ and Dominion’s Consolidated Statement of Income.    Phase 1 of Natrium was completed in the
second quarter of 2013 and was contributed by Dominion to Blue Racer in the third quarter of 2013, resulting in an increased equity method investment in Blue Racer of $473 million. Also in the third quarter of 2013, Dominion Gas sold Line TPL-2A to
an affiliate, that subsequently sold Line TPL-2A to Blue Racer, and sold Line TL-388 to Blue Racer and received $78 million in cash proceeds. The sales resulted in a $74 million ($41 million after-tax) gain which is included in other operations and
maintenance expense in both Dominion Gas’ and Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income.
 
  In the fourth quarter of 2013, Dominion Gas sold the Western System to an affiliate, that
subsequently sold the Western System to Blue Racer for cash proceeds of $30 million. The sale resulted in a gain of $3 million ($2 million after-tax) for Dominion Gas and $4 million ($2 million after-tax) for Dominion and is included in other
operations and maintenance expense in both Dominion Gas’ and Dominion’s Consolidated Statement of Income.    Dominion
NGL Pipelines, LLC was contributed in January 2014 by Dominion to Blue Racer, prior to commencement of service, resulting in an increased equity method investment of $155 million, including $6 million of goodwill allocated from Dominion’s
goodwill balance to its equity method investment in Blue Racer.    In March 2014, Dominion Gas sold the Northern System to an
affiliate, that subsequently sold the Northern System to Blue Racer for consideration of $84 million. Dominion Gas’ consideration consisted of $17 million in cash proceeds and the extinguishment of affiliated current borrowings of $67 million
and Dominion’s consideration consisted of cash proceeds of $84 million. The sale resulted in a gain of $59 million ($35 million after-tax for Dominion Gas and $34 million after-tax for Dominion) net of a $3 million write-off of goodwill, and is
included in other operations and maintenance expense in both Dominion Gas’ and Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income.    Dominion
   A TLANTIC  C OAST  P IPELINE     In September 2014, Dominion, along with Duke Energy, Piedmont and AGL, announced the formation of Atlantic Coast Pipeline. The members, which are subsidiaries of the above-referenced parent companies,
hold the following membership interests: Dominion, 45%; Duke Energy, 40%; Piedmont, 10%; and AGL, 5%. In October 2015, Duke Energy entered into a merger agreement with Piedmont. The Atlantic Coast Pipeline partnership agreement includes
provisions to allow Dominion an option to purchase additional ownership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline to maintain a leading ownership percentage. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is focused on constructing an approximately 600-mile natural gas pipeline
running from West Virginia through Virginia to North Carolina. Subsidiaries and affiliates of all four members plan to be customers of the pipeline under 20-year contracts. Public Service Company of North Carolina, Inc. also plans to be a customer
of the pipeline under a 20-year contract. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is considered an equity method investment as Dominion has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee. See Note 15 for more information.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 115 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 

  N OTE  10. P ROPERTY , P LANT   AND  E QUIPMENT   
  Major classes of property, plant and equipment and their respective balances for the Companies are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Utility: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Generation 
    
 $ 
 15,656 
    
    
 $ 
 15,193 
    
 
   Transmission 
    
   
 11,461 
    
    
   
 9,897 
    
 
   Distribution 
    
   
 13,128 
    
    
   
 12,354 
    
 
   Storage 
    
   
 2,460 
    
    
   
 2,350 
    
 
   Nuclear fuel 
    
   
 1,464 
    
    
   
 1,411 
    
 
   Gas gathering and processing 
    
   
 799 
    
    
   
 791 
    
 
   General and other 
    
   
 927 
    
    
   
 845 
    
 
   Other-including plant under construction 
    
   
 5,550 
    
    
   
 3,633 
    
 
   Total utility 
    
   
 51,445 
    
    
   
 46,474 
    
 
   Nonutility: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Merchant generation-nuclear 
    
   
 1,339 
    
    
   
 1,267 
    
 
   Merchant generation-other 
    
   
 2,683 
    
    
   
 2,023 
    
 
   Nuclear fuel 
    
   
 938 
    
    
   
 860 
    
 
   Other-including plant under construction 
    
   
 1,371 
    
    
   
 782 
    
 
   Total nonutility 
    
   
 6,331 
    
    
   
 4,932 
    
 
   Total property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
 57,776 
    
    
 $ 
 51,406 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Utility: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Generation 
    
 $ 
 15,656 
    
    
 $ 
 15,193 
    
 
   Transmission 
    
   
 6,963 
    
    
   
 5,884 
    
 
   Distribution 
    
   
 10,048 
    
    
   
 9,526 
    
 
   Nuclear fuel 
    
   
 1,464 
    
    
   
 1,411 
    
 
   General and other 
    
   
 709 
    
    
   
 697 
    
 
   Other-including plant under construction 
    
   
 2,793 
    
    
   
 2,464 
    
 
   Total utility 
    
   
 37,633 
    
    
   
 35,175 
    
 
   Nonutility-other 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 5 
    
 
   Total property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
 37,639 
    
    
 $ 
 35,180 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Utility: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Transmission 
    
 $ 
 3,804 
    
    
 $ 
 3,690 
    
 
   Distribution 
    
   
 2,765 
    
    
   
 2,530 
    
 
   Storage 
    
   
 1,583 
    
    
   
 1,466 
    
 
   Gas gathering and processing 
    
   
 797 
    
    
   
 786 
    
 
   General and other 
    
   
 165 
    
    
   
 111 
    
 
   Plant under construction 
    
   
 443 
    
    
   
 179 
    
 
   Total utility 
    
   
 9,557 
    
    
   
 8,762 
    
 
   Nonutility: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   E&P properties being amortized and other 
    
   
 136 
    
    
   
 140 
    
 
   Total nonutility 
    
   
 136 
    
    
   
 140 
    
 
   Total property, plant and equipment 
    
 $ 
 9,693 
    
    
 $ 
 8,902 
    
   There were no significant E&P properties under development, as defined by the SEC, excluded from
Dominion Gas’ amortization at December 31, 2015. As gas and oil reserves are proved through drilling or as properties are deemed to be impaired, excluded costs and any related reserves are transferred on an ongoing, well-by-well basis into
the amortization calculation.    In 2015, Dominion Gas recorded a ceiling test impairment charge of $16 million ($10 million
after-tax) in other operations and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statement of Income. Dominion sold substantially all its Appalachian E&P
 

  
properties in April 2010, retaining only wells in and around DTI’s storage facilities. The net book basis of the remaining properties as of December 31, 2015 is $14 million.  
 Jointly-Owned Power Stations    Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s proportionate share of jointly-owned power stations at December 31, 2015 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Bath 
 County   Pumped 
 Storage   Station (1) 
   
   
   North 
 Anna Units 1 and 2 (1) 
   
   
   Clover 
 Power   Station (1) 
   
   
   Millstone 
 Unit 3 (2) 
   
 
 (millions, except percentages) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Ownership interest 
    
   
 60 
 %  
   
   
 88.4 
 %  
   
   
 50 
 %  
   
   
 93.5 
 %  
 
   Plant in service 
    
 $ 
 1,049 
    
   
 $ 
 2,452 
    
   
 $ 
 576 
    
   
 $ 
 1,149 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 (567 
 )  
   
   
 (1,177 
 )  
   
   
 (214 
 )  
   
   
 (320 
 )  
 
   Nuclear fuel 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 621 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 521 
    
 
   Accumulated amortization of nuclear fuel 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (502 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (364 
 )  
 
   Plant under construction 
    
   
 12 
    
   
   
 116 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
   
 55 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Units jointly owned by Virginia Power.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Unit jointly owned by Dominion.    The co-owners are obligated to pay their share of all future construction expenditures and operating costs of the jointly-owned facilities in the same proportion as their respective ownership interest.
Dominion and Virginia Power report their share of operating costs in the appropriate operating expense (electric fuel and other energy-related purchases, other operations and maintenance, depreciation, depletion and amortization and other taxes,
etc.) in the Consolidated Statements of Income.    Assignments of Shale Development Rights    In December 2013, Dominion Gas closed on agreements with two natural gas producers to convey over time approximately 100,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights underneath several of its natural
gas storage fields. The agreements provide for payments to Dominion Gas, subject to customary adjustments, of approximately $200 million over a period of nine years, and an overriding royalty interest in gas produced from the acreage. In 2013,
Dominion Gas received approximately $100 million in cash proceeds, resulting in a $20 million ($12 million after-tax) gain, recorded to operations and maintenance expense in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income. In 2014, Dominion Gas
received $16 million in additional cash proceeds resulting from post-closing adjustments. At December 31, 2014, deferred revenue totaled $85 million. In March 2015, Dominion Gas and one of the natural gas producers closed on an amendment to the
agreement, which included the immediate conveyance of approximately 9,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights and a two-year extension of the term of the original agreement. The conveyance of development rights resulted in the recognition of
$43 million ($27 million after-tax) of previously deferred revenue to operations and maintenance expense in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income. At December 31, 2015, deferred revenue totaled $37 million, which is expected to
be recognized over the remaining term of the agreement.    In November 2014, Dominion Gas closed an agreement with a natural gas
producer to convey over time approximately 24,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development rights underneath one of its natural gas storage fields. The agreement provides for payments to Dominion Gas, subject to customary adjustments, of
approx-   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 116 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
imately $120 million over a period of four years, and an overriding royalty interest in gas produced from the acreage. In November 2014, Dominion Gas closed on the agreement and received proceeds
of $60 million associated with an initial conveyance of approximately 12,000 acres, resulting in a $60 million ($36 million after-tax) gain, recorded to operations and maintenance expense in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income.
   In March 2015, Dominion Gas conveyed to a natural gas producer approximately 11,000 acres of Marcellus Shale development
rights underneath one of its natural gas storage fields and received proceeds of $27 million and an overriding royalty interest in gas produced from the acreage. This transaction resulted in a $27 million ($16 million after-tax) gain, included in
other operations and maintenance expense in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income.    In September 2015, Dominion
Gas closed on an agreement with a natural gas producer to convey approximately 16,000 acres of Utica and Point Pleasant Shale development rights underneath one of its natural gas storage fields. The agreement provided for a payment to Dominion Gas,
subject to customary adjustments, of $52 million and an overriding royalty interest in gas produced from the acreage. In September 2015, Dominion Gas received proceeds of $52 million associated with the conveyance of the acreage, resulting in a $52
million ($29 million after-tax) gain, included in other operations and maintenance expense in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Statements of Income.      
   
  N OTE  11. G OODWILL   AND  I NTANGIBLE  A SSETS   
  Goodwill    The changes in
Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ carrying amount and segment allocation of goodwill are presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Dominion 
 Generation 
   
   
   Dominion 
 Energy 
   
   
 DVP 
   
    
   Corporate and 
 Other (1) 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 (2) 
    
 $ 
 1,454 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 706 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 926 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 3,086 
    
 
   Asset disposition adjustment 
    
   
 (32 
 ) (4)   
   
   
 (10 
 ) (5)   
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (42 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 (2) 
    
 $ 
 1,422 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 696 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 926 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 3,044 
    
 
   DCG acquisition 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 250 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 250 
    
 
   Balance at December 31,
2015 (2) 
    
 $ 
 1,422 
    
   
 $ 
 946 
    
   
 $ 
 926 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 3,294 
    
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 (2) 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 545 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 545 
    
 
   Asset disposition adjustment 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (3 
 ) (5)   
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 (2) 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 542 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 542 
    
 
   No events affecting goodwill 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Balance at December 31,
2015 (2) 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 542 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 542 
    
   

 
 
 (1) 
 Goodwill recorded at the Corporate and Other segment is allocated to the primary operating segments for goodwill impairment testing purposes.
 
 
 
 (2) 
 Goodwill amounts do not contain any accumulated impairment losses.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Recast to reflect nonregulated retail energy marketing operations in the Dominion Energy segment.  
 
 
 (4) 
 See Note 3 for a discussion of Dominion’s dispositions and related goodwill write-offs.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Related to assets sold or contributed to an affiliate or Blue Racer.    Other Intangible Assets    The Companies’ other intangible assets are subject to amortization over
their estimated useful lives. Dominion’s amortization expense for intangible assets was $78 million, $71 million and $72 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. In 2015, Dominion acquired $78 million of intangible assets, primarily
representing software, with an estimated weighted-average amortization period of approximately 8 years. Amortization expense for Virginia Power’s intangible assets was $25 million, $24 million and $22 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. In 2015, Virginia Power acquired $34 million of intangible assets, primarily representing software, with an estimated weighted-average amortization period of 6 years. Dominion Gas’ amortization expense for intangible assets was
$18 million, $17 million and $16 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. In 2015, Dominion Gas acquired $24 million of intangible assets, primarily representing software, with an estimated weighted-average amortization period of approximately
14 years. The components of intangible assets are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
    
 Gross Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Software, licenses and other 
    
 $ 
 942 
    
    
 $ 
 372 
    
    
 $ 
 887 
    
    
 $ 
 317 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 942 
    
    
 $ 
 372 
    
    
 $ 
 887 
    
    
 $ 
 317 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Software, licenses and other 
    
 $ 
 301 
    
    
 $ 
 88 
    
    
 $ 
 286 
    
    
 $ 
 81 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 301 
    
    
 $ 
 88 
    
    
 $ 
 286 
    
    
 $ 
 81 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Software, licenses and other 
    
 $ 
 211 
    
    
 $ 
 128 
    
    
 $ 
 192 
    
    
 $ 
 113 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 211 
    
    
 $ 
 128 
    
    
 $ 
 192 
    
    
 $ 
 113 
    
   Annual amortization expense for these intangible assets is estimated to be as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2020 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 $ 
 79 
    
    
 $ 
 68 
    
    
 $ 
 57 
    
    
 $ 
 47 
    
    
 $ 
 35 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 $ 
 25 
    
    
 $ 
 22 
    
    
 $ 
 19 
    
    
 $ 
 15 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 $ 
 18 
    
    
 $ 
 15 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
     

    
 

 

 
 
 
 117 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
    
  N OTE  12. R EGULATORY  A SSETS   AND  L IABILITIES   
  Regulatory assets and liabilities include the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulatory assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred cost of fuel used in electric
generation (1) 
    
 $ 
 111 
    
    
 $ 
 79 
    
 
   Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 
    
   
 90 
    
    
   
 124 
    
 
   Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs (3) 
    
   
 75 
    
    
   
 44 
    
 
   Unrecovered gas costs (4) 
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 36 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 63 
    
    
   
 64 
    
 
   Regulatory assets-current 
    
   
 351 
    
    
   
 347 
    
 
   Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit
costs (5) 
    
   
 1,015 
    
    
   
 1,050 
    
 
   Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 
    
   
 295 
    
    
   
 250 
    
 
   PJM transmission rates (6) 
    
   
 192 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Income taxes recoverable through future rates (7) 

    
   
 126 
    
    
   
 133 
    
 
   Derivatives (8) 
    
   
 110 
    
    
   
 101 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 127 
    
    
   
 108 
    
 
   Regulatory assets-non-current 
    
   
 1,865 
    
    
   
 1,642 
    
 
   Total regulatory assets 
    
 $ 
 2,216 
    
    
 $ 
 1,989 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   PIPP (9) 
    
 $ 
 46 
    
    
 $ 
 71 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 54 
    
    
   
 99 
    
 
   Regulatory
liabilities-current (10) 
    
   
 100 
    
    
   
 170 
    
 
   Provision for future cost of removal and
AROs (11) 
    
   
 1,120 
    
    
   
 1,072 
    
 
   Nuclear decommissioning trust (12) 
    
   
 804 
    
    
   
 815 
    
 
   Deferred cost of fuel used in electric
generation (1) 
    
   
 97 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Derivatives (8) 
    
   
 79 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 185 
    
    
   
 98 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities-non-current 
    
   
 2,285 
    
    
   
 1,991 
    
 
   Total regulatory liabilities 
    
 $ 
 2,385 
    
    
 $ 
 2,161 
    
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulatory assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred cost of fuel used in electric
generation (1) 
    
 $ 
 111 
    
    
 $ 
 79 
    
 
   Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 117 
    
 
   Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs (3) 
    
   
 75 
    
    
   
 44 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 60 
    
    
   
 58 
    
 
   Regulatory assets-current 
    
   
 326 
    
    
   
 298 
    
 
   Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 
    
   
 213 
    
    
   
 179 
    
 
   PJM transmission rates (6) 
    
   
 192 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Derivatives (8) 
    
   
 110 
    
    
   
 101 
    
 
   Income taxes recoverable through future rates (7) 

    
   
 97 
    
    
   
 100 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 55 
    
    
   
 59 
    
 
   Regulatory assets-non-current 
    
   
 667 
    
    
   
 439 
    
 
   Total regulatory assets 
    
 $ 
 993 
    
    
 $ 
 737 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other 
    
 $ 
 35 
    
    
 $ 
 90 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities-current 
    
   
 35 
    
    
   
 90 
    
 
   Provision for future cost of removal (11) 
    
   
 890 
    
    
   
 852 
    
 
   Nuclear decommissioning trust (12) 
    
   
 804 
    
    
   
 815 
    
 
   Deferred cost of fuel used in electric
generation (1) 
    
   
 97 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Derivatives (8) 
    
   
 79 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 59 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities-non-current 
    
   
 1,929 
    
    
   
 1,683 
    
 
   Total regulatory liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1,964 
    
    
 $ 
 1,773 
    
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Regulatory assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrecovered gas costs (4) 
    
 $ 
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 29 
    
 
   Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 7 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Regulatory assets-current 
    
   
 23 
    
    
   
 38 
    
 
   Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit
costs (5) 
    
   
 282 
    
    
   
 242 
    
 
   Deferred rate adjustment clause costs (2) 
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 71 
    
 
   Income taxes recoverable through future rates (7) 

    
   
 20 
    
    
   
 24 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 65 
    
    
   
 42 
    
 
   Regulatory assets-non-current 
    
   
 449 
    
    
   
 379 
    
 
   Total regulatory assets 
    
 $ 
 472 
    
    
 $ 
 417 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   PIPP (9) 
    
 $ 
 46 
    
    
 $ 
 71 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities-current 
    
   
 55 
    
    
   
 75 
    
 
   Provision for future cost of removal and
AROs (11) 
    
   
 170 
    
    
   
 172 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 31 
    
    
   
 20 
    
 
   Regulatory liabilities-non-current 
    
   
 201 
    
    
   
 192 
    
 
   Total regulatory liabilities 
    
 $ 
 256 
    
    
 $ 
 267 
    
     
 
 
  (1) 
 Primarily reflects deferred fuel expenses for the Virginia jurisdiction of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation operations. See Note 13 for more
information.  
 
 
  (2) 
 Reflects deferrals under the electric transmission FERC formula rate and the deferral of costs associated with certain current and prospective rider projects for
Virginia Power. Reflects deferrals of costs associated with certain current and prospective rider projects for Dominion Gas. See Note 13 for more information.  
 
 
  (3) 
 Legislation enacted in Virginia in April 2014 requires Virginia Power to defer operation and maintenance costs incurred in connection with the refueling of any
nuclear-powered generating plant. These deferred costs will be amortized over the refueling cycle, not to exceed 18 months.  
 
 
  (4) 
 Reflects unrecovered gas costs at regulated gas operations, which are recovered through filings with the applicable regulatory authority.
 
 
 
  (5) 
 Represents unrecognized pension and other postretirement employee benefit costs expected to be recovered through future rates generally over the expected remaining
service period of plan participants by certain of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ rate-regulated subsidiaries.  
 
 
  (6) 
 Reflects amount related to the PJM transmission cost allocation matter. See Note 13 for more information.  
 
 
  (7) 
 Amounts to be recovered through future rates to pay income taxes that become payable when rate revenue is provided to recover AFUDC-equity and depreciation of
property, plant and equipment for which deferred income taxes were not recognized for ratemaking purposes, including amounts attributable to tax rate changes.  
 
 
  (8) 
 As discussed under Derivative Instruments in Note 2, for jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation, changes in the fair value of derivative instruments
result in the recognition of regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities as they are expected to be recovered from or refunded to customers.  
 
 
  (9) 
 Under PIPP, eligible customers can make reduced payments based on their ability to pay. The difference between the customer’s total bill and the PIPP plan
amount is deferred and collected or returned annually under the PIPP rate adjustment clause according to East Ohio tariff provisions. See Note 13 for more information.  
 
 
 (10) 
 Current regulatory liabilities are presented in other current liabilities in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (11) 
 Rates charged to customers by the Companies’ regulated businesses include a provision for the cost of future activities to remove assets that are expected to be
incurred at the time of retirement.  
 
 
 (12) 
 Primarily reflects a regulatory liability representing amounts collected from Virginia jurisdictional customers and placed in external trusts (including income,
losses and changes in fair value thereon) for the future decommissioning of Virginia Power’s utility nuclear generation stations, in excess of the related AROs.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 118 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  At December 31, 2015, $131 million of Dominion’s, $100 million of Virginia
Power’s and $29 million of Dominion Gas’ regulatory assets represented past expenditures on which they do not currently earn a return. The majority of these expenditures are expected to be recovered within the next two years.  
       
  N OTE  13. R EGULATORY  M ATTERS   
  Regulatory Matters Involving Potential Loss Contingencies    As a result of issues generated in the ordinary course of business, the Companies are involved in various regulatory matters. Certain regulatory matters may ultimately result in a loss; however, as such
matters are in an initial procedural phase, involve uncertainty as to the outcome of pending reviews or orders, and/or involve significant factual issues that need to be resolved, it is not possible for the Companies to estimate a range of possible
loss. For matters for which the Companies cannot estimate a range of possible loss, a statement to this effect is made in the description of the matter. Other matters may have progressed sufficiently through the regulatory process such that the
Companies are able to estimate a range of possible loss. For regulatory matters for which the Companies are able to reasonably estimate a range of possible losses, an estimated range of possible loss is provided, in excess of the accrued liability
(if any) for such matters. Any estimated range is based on currently available information, involves elements of judgment and significant uncertainties and may not represent the Companies’ maximum possible loss exposure. The circumstances of
such regulatory matters will change from time to time and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. For current matters not specifically reported below, management does not anticipate that the outcome from such matters would
have a material effect on the Companies’ financial position, liquidity or results of operations.    FERC—E LECTRIC 
   Under the Federal Power Act, FERC regulates wholesale sales and transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public utilities.
Dominion’s merchant generators sell electricity in the PJM, MISO, CAISO and ISO-NE wholesale markets, and to wholesale purchasers in the states of Tennessee, Georgia, California and Utah, under Dominion’s market-based sales tariffs
authorized by FERC. Virginia Power purchases and, under its FERC market-based rate authority, sells electricity in the wholesale market. In addition, Virginia Power has FERC approval of a tariff to sell wholesale power at capped rates based on its
embedded cost of generation. This cost-based sales tariff could be used to sell to loads within or outside Virginia Power’s service territory. Any such sales would be voluntary.    Rates    In April 2008, FERC granted an application for Virginia Power’s electric
transmission operations to establish a forward-looking formula rate mechanism that updates transmission rates on an annual basis and approved an ROE of 11.4%, effective as of January 1, 2008. The formula rate is designed to recover the expected
revenue requirement for each calendar year and is updated based on actual costs. The FERC-approved formula method, which is based on projected costs, allows Virginia Power
 
  to earn a current return on its growing investment in electric transmission infrastructure.  
 In March 2010, ODEC and North Carolina Electric Membership Corporation filed a complaint with FERC against Virginia Power claiming that
$223 million in transmission costs related to specific projects were unjust, unreasonable and unduly discriminatory or preferential and should be excluded from Virginia Power’s transmission formula rate. In October 2010, FERC issued an order
dismissing the complaint in part and established hearings and settlement procedures on the remaining part of the complaint. In February 2012, Virginia Power submitted to FERC a settlement agreement to resolve all issues set for
hearing. The settlement was accepted by FERC in May 2012 and provides for payment by Virginia Power to the transmission customer parties collectively of $250,000 per year for ten years and resolves all matters other than allocation of the
incremental cost of certain underground transmission facilities.    In March 2014, FERC issued an order excluding from Virginia
Power’s transmission rates for wholesale transmission customers located outside Virginia the incremental costs of undergrounding certain transmission line projects. FERC found it is not just and reasonable for non-Virginia wholesale
transmission customers to be allocated the incremental costs of undergrounding the facilities because the projects are a direct result of Virginia legislation and Virginia Commission pilot programs intended to benefit the citizens of Virginia. The
order is retroactively effective as of March 2010 and will cause the reallocation of the costs charged to wholesale transmission customers with loads outside Virginia to wholesale transmission customers with loads in Virginia. FERC determined
that there was not sufficient evidence on the record to determine the magnitude of the underground increment and held a hearing to determine the appropriate amount of undergrounding cost to be allocated to each wholesale transmission customer in
Virginia. While Virginia Power cannot predict the outcome of the hearing, it is not expected to have a material effect on results of operations.  
 PJM Transmission Rates    In April 2007,
FERC issued an order regarding its transmission rate design for the allocation of costs among PJM transmission customers, including Virginia Power, for transmission service provided by PJM. For new PJM-planned transmission facilities that operate at
or above 500 kV, FERC established a PJM regional rate design where customers pay according to each customer’s share of the region’s load. For recovery of costs of existing facilities, FERC approved the existing methodology whereby a
customer pays the cost of facilities located in the same zone as the customer. A number of parties appealed the order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit.    In August 2009, the court issued its decision affirming the FERC order with regard to the existing facilities, but remanded to FERC the issue of the cost allocation associated with the new facilities 500
kV and above for further consideration by FERC. On remand, FERC reaffirmed its earlier decision to allocate the costs of new facilities 500 kV and above according to the customer’s share of the region’s load. A number of parties filed
appeals of the order to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. In June 2014, the court again remanded the cost allocation issue to FERC. In December 2014, FERC issued an order setting an evidentiary hearing and settlement proceeding
regarding the cost    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 119 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  
allocation issue. The hearing only concerns the costs of new facilities approved by PJM prior to February 1, 2013. Transmission facilities approved after February 1, 2013 are allocated
on a hybrid cost allocation method approved by FERC and not subject to any court review.    Virginia Power expects that a
settlement agreement will be executed regarding this matter. Under the terms of the settlement, Virginia Power would be required to pay $200 million to PJM over the next 10 years. Although no FERC order has been issued and the expected settlement
agreement has not been filed and accepted by FERC, Virginia Power believes it is probable it will be required to make payment as an outcome of the hearing and settlement proceedings. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2015, Virginia Power has
recorded a contingent liability of $200 million in other deferred credits and other liabilities, which is offset by a $192 million regulatory asset for the amount that will be recovered through retail rates in Virginia. The remaining $8 million was
recorded in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income.    Other Regulatory Matters  
 E LECTRIC  R EGULATION   IN  V IRGINIA   
 The Regulation Act enacted in 2007 instituted a cost-of-service rate model, ending Virginia’s planned transition to retail competition for electric
supply service to most classes of customers.    The Regulation Act authorizes stand-alone rate adjustment clauses for recovery of
costs for new generation projects, FERC-approved transmission costs, underground distribution lines, environmental compliance, conservation and energy efficiency programs and renewable energy programs, and also contains statutory provisions
directing Virginia Power to file annual fuel cost recovery cases with the Virginia Commission. As amended, it provides for enhanced returns on capital expenditures on specific newly-proposed generation projects.  
 If the Virginia Commission’s future rate decisions, including actions relating to Virginia Power’s rate adjustment clause
filings, differ materially from Virginia Power’s expectations, it may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.    Regulation Act Legislation    In February 2015, the Virginia Governor signed legislation into
law which will keep Virginia Power’s base rates unchanged until at least December 1, 2022. In addition, no biennial reviews will be conducted by the Virginia Commission for the five successive 12-month test periods beginning
January 1, 2015, and ending December 31, 2019. The legislation states that Virginia    Power’s 2015 biennial review, filed in
March 2015, would proceed for the sole purpose of reviewing and determining whether any refunds are due to customers based on earnings performance for generation and distribution services during the 2013 and 2014 test periods. In addition the
legislation requires the Virginia Commission to conduct proceedings in 2017 and 2019 to determine the utility’s ROE for use in connection with rate adjustment clauses and requires utilities to file integrated resource plans annually rather than
biennially. However, in November 2015, the Virginia Commission ordered testimony, briefs and
 

  
separate bifurcated hearing in Virginia Power’s currently pending Rider B, Rider R, Rider S and Rider W cases on whether the Virginia Commission can adjust the ROE applicable to these rate
adjustment clauses prior to 2017. The legislation also required Virginia Power to write-off $85 million of prior-period deferred fuel costs during the first quarter of 2015. In addition, the legislation required the Virginia Commission to implement
a fuel rate reduction for Virginia Power as soon as practicable based on this non-recovery as well as any over-recovery for the 2014-2015 fuel year and projected fuel expense for the 2015-2016 fuel year. The legislation also deems the construction
or purchase of one or more utility-scale solar facilities located in Virginia up to 500 MW in total to be in the public interest.    2015
Biennial Review    Pursuant to the Regulation Act, in March 2015, Virginia Power filed its base rate case and schedules for the Virginia
Commission’s 2015 biennial review of Virginia Power’s rates, terms and conditions. Per legislation enacted in February 2015, this biennial review was limited to reviewing Virginia Power’s earnings on rates for generation and
distribution services for the combined 2013 and 2014 test period, and determining whether credits are due to customers in the event Virginia Power’s earnings exceeded the earnings band determined in the 2013 Biennial Review Order. In November
2015, the Virginia Commission issued the 2015 Biennial Review Order.    After deciding several contested regulatory earnings
adjustments, the Virginia Commission ruled that Virginia Power earned on average an ROE of approximately 10.89% on its generation and distribution services for the combined 2013 and 2014 test periods. Because this ROE was more than 70 basis points
above Virginia Power’s authorized ROE of 10.0%, the Virginia Commission ordered that approximately $20 million in excess earnings be credited to customer bills based on usage in 2013 and 2014 over a six-month period beginning within 60 days of
the 2015 Biennial Review Order. Based upon 2015 legislation keeping Virginia Power’s base rates unchanged until at least December 1, 2022, the Virginia Commission did not order certain existing rate adjustment clauses to be combined with
Virginia Power’s base rates. The Virginia Commission did not determine whether Virginia Power had a revenue deficiency or sufficiency when projecting the annual revenues generated by base rates to the revenues required to recover costs of
service and earn a fair return. In December 2015, a group of large industrial customers filed notices of appeal with the Supreme Court of Virginia from both the 2015 Biennial Review Order and the Virginia Commission’s order denying their
petition for rehearing or reconsideration. This appeal is pending.    Virginia Fuel Expenses  
 In February 2015, Virginia Power submitted its annual fuel factor filing to the Virginia Commission. In August 2015, the Virginia Commission approved
Virginia Power’s annual fuel factor filing to recover an estimated $1.6 billion in Virginia jurisdictional projected fuel expenses for the rate year beginning July 1, 2015. Virginia Power’s new approved fuel rate, in effect on an
interim basis since April 1, 2015, represents a fuel revenue decrease of $512 million when applied to projected kilowatt-hour sales for the period April 1, 2015 to June 30, 2016.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 120 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Solar Facility Projects    In January 2015, Virginia Power applied for a CPCN to construct and operate a 20 MW utility-scale solar facility near its existing Remington power station in Fauquier County, Virginia. The total
estimated cost of the Remington solar facility was approximately $47 million, excluding financing costs. Virginia Power also applied for approval of Rider US-1 to recover the projected costs of the facility. In October 2015, the Virginia
Commission denied approval of the CPCN and Rider US-1 based on the evidence in the record but stated that an application could be re-filed to address the concerns cited by the Virginia Commission. Virginia Power is assessing its options for
re-filing.    In October 2015, Virginia Power filed a CPCN with the Virginia Commission to construct three solar facilities.
Woodland, Scott Solar and Whitehouse would increase Dominion’s renewable generation by a combined 56 MW and are estimated to cost approximately $130 million, excluding financing costs. Virginia Power also applied for approval of Rider US-2.
This case is pending. The facilities are expected to commence commercial operations, subject to regulatory approvals, in the fourth quarter of 2016.    Rate Adjustment Clauses    Below is a discussion of significant riders associated with
various Virginia Power projects:  
 
 
 • 
   
   The Virginia Commission previously approved Rider T1 concerning transmission rates. In May 2015, Virginia Power proposed a $668 million total revenue
requirement for the rate year beginning September 1, 2015, which represents a $130 million increase over the previous year. Virginia Power also presented a mitigation proposal to defer $96 million of this revenue requirement to the rate year
beginning September 1, 2016, which would reduce by 50% the one-year rate impact on residential customers. In August 2015, the Virginia Commission rejected the mitigation proposal and approved full recovery of the proposed revenue requirement.
 
 
 
 • 
   
   The Virginia Commission previously approved Rider S in conjunction with the Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center. In June 2015, Virginia Power proposed a
$250 million revenue requirement for the rate year beginning April 1, 2016, which represents a $5 million increase over the previous year. This case is pending.  
 
 
 • 
   
   The Virginia Commission previously approved Rider W in conjunction with Warren County. In June 2015, Virginia Power proposed a $118 million revenue
requirement for the rate year beginning April 1, 2016, which represents a $17 million decrease versus the previous year. This case is pending.  
 
 
 • 
   
   The Virginia Commission previously approved Rider R in conjunction with Bear Garden. In June 2015, Virginia Power proposed a $74 million revenue
requirement for the rate year beginning April 1, 2016, which represents a $10 million decrease versus the previous year. This case is pending.  
 
 
 • 
   
   The Virginia Commission previously approved Rider B in conjunction with the conversion of three power stations to biomass. In June 2015, Virginia Power
proposed a $30 million revenue requirement for the rate year beginning April 1, 2016, which represents a $21 million increase over the previous year. This case is pending.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   Virginia legislation which provides for the recovery of costs to move certain electric distribution facilities underground became effective in July
2014. In October 2014, Virginia Power filed for approval of Rider U, which proposed a revenue requirement of $28 million during the initial rate year beginning September 1, 2015. In May 2015, Virginia Power revised the revenue requirement to
$24 million. In July 2015, the Virginia Commission denied approval of Rider U based on the evidence in the record, but found that an alternative plan addressing certain concerns, such as the lack of a cost-benefit analysis, could reasonably satisfy
the regulatory requirements for approval. In December 2015, Virginia Power filed for approval of a more limited undergrounding program, along with a revised Rider U proposing a revenue requirement of $24 million for the initial rate year
beginning September 1, 2016. This case is pending.  
 
 
 • 
   
   The Virginia Commission previously approved Riders C1A and C2A in connection with cost recovery for DSM programs. In August 2015, Virginia Power
proposed a total revenue requirement of $50 million for the rate year beginning May 1, 2016. Virginia Power further proposed two new energy efficiency programs for Virginia Commission approval with a requested five-year cost cap of $51
million for those programs, and to extend an existing peak-shaving program for an additional five years under current funding. This case is pending.  
 
 
 • 
   
   The Virginia Commission previously approved Rider BW in conjunction with Brunswick County. In October 2015, Virginia Power proposed a $156 million
total revenue requirement for the rate year beginning September 1, 2016, which represents a $45 million increase versus the previous year. This case is pending.  
 
 
 • 
   
   In July 2015, Virginia Power filed an application with the Virginia Commission for a CPCN to construct and operate Greensville County and related
transmission interconnection facilities. Virginia Power also applied for approval of Rider GV to recover the costs of Greensville County, and proposed a total revenue requirement of $42 million for the rate year beginning April 1, 2016.
This case is pending.    Electric Transmission Projects    In November 2013, the Virginia Commission issued an order granting Virginia Power a CPCN to construct approximately 7 miles of new overhead 500 kV transmission line from the existing Surry switching
station in Surry County to a new Skiffes Creek switching station in James City County, and approximately 20 miles of new 230 kV transmission line in James City County, York County, and the City of Newport News from the proposed new Skiffes Creek
switching station to Virginia Power’s existing Whealton substation in the City of Hampton. In February 2014, the Virginia Commission granted reconsideration requested by Virginia Power and issued an Order Amending Certificate. Several appeals
were filed with the Supreme Court of Virginia. In April 2015, the Supreme Court of Virginia issued its opinion in the consolidated appeals of the Virginia Commission’s order granting a CPCN for the Skiffes Creek transmission line and related
facilities. The Supreme Court of Virginia unanimously affirmed all but one of the alleged grounds for appeal. The court approved the proposed project including the proposed route for a
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 121 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  
500 kV overhead transmission line from Surry to the Skiffes Creek switching station site. The court reversed and remanded the Virginia Commission’s determination in one set of appeals that
the Skiffes Creek switching station was a transmission line for purposes of statutory exemption from local zoning ordinances. In May 2015, the Supreme Court of Virginia denied separate petitions filed by Virginia Power and the Virginia Commission to
rehear its ruling regarding the Skiffes Creek switching station. Pending receipt of remaining required permits and approvals, Virginia Power expects to construct the project.    In May 2015, Virginia Power filed an application with the Virginia Commission for a CPCN to construct and operate in Loudoun County, Virginia, a new approximately 230 kV Poland Road substation, and a new
approximately four mile overhead 230 kV double circuit transmission line between the existing 230 kV Loudoun-Brambleton line and the Poland Road substation. The total estimated cost of the project is approximately $55 million. This case is pending.
   In November 2015, Virginia Power filed an application with the Virginia Commission for a CPCN to convert an existing
transmission line to 230 kV in Prince William County, Virginia, and Loudoun County, Virginia, and to construct and operate a new approximately five mile overhead 230 kV double circuit transmission line between a tap point near the Gainesville
substation and a new to-be-constructed Haymarket substation. The total estimated cost of the project is approximately $51 million. This case is pending.    In November 2015, Virginia Power filed an application with the Virginia Commission for a CPCN to construct and operate in multiple Virginia counties an approximately 38 mile overhead 230 kV transmission
line between the Remington and Gordonsville substations, along with associated facilities. The total estimated cost of the project is approximately $104 million. This case is pending.  
 In February 2016, the Virginia Commission issued an order granting Virginia Power a CPCN to construct and operate the Remington
CT-Warrenton 230 kV double circuit transmission line, the Vint Hill-Wheeler and Wheeler-Gainesville 230 kV lines and the 230 kV Vint Hill and Wheeler switching stations along Virginia Power’s proposed route. The total estimated cost of the
project is approximately $105 million.    North Anna    Virginia Power is considering the construction of a third nuclear unit at a site located at North Anna. If Virginia Power decides to build a new unit, it must first receive a COL from the NRC, approval of
the Virginia Commission and certain environmental permits and other approvals. The COL is expected in 2017. Virginia Power has not yet committed to building a new nuclear unit at North Anna.  
 The motions and petitions filed by BREDL prior to April 2015 have been dismissed, and under a previous ruling of the NRC, the contested
portion of the COL proceeding remains terminated. The NRC is required to conduct a hearing in all COL proceedings, and if a new contention is not admitted, the mandatory NRC hearing will be uncontested.  
 In April 2015, BREDL filed a new motion and petition seeking to object to the NRC’s reliance on the continued storage rule in
licensing proceedings. The BREDL filings are substantially the
 

  
same as those filed in other COL proceedings in which final environmental impact statements were issued prior to promulgation of the continued storage rule, like North Anna 3. In June 2015, the
NRC denied the April 2015 motion and petition.    In August 2015, BREDL filed a petition in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
D.C. Circuit seeking review of the NRC’s June 2015 decision. Along with the petition for judicial review, BREDL also filed a motion to hold this judicial review in abeyance pending the outcome of the ongoing judicial review of the NRC’s
rule pertaining to the continued onsite storage of spent nuclear fuel in litigation pending before the same court. Similar petitions were filed seeking judicial review of the NRC’s decision as it applies to other COL and license renewal
proceedings. Virginia Power has filed a motion with the court to intervene in the proceeding. This case is pending.    North Anna and Offshore
Wind Legislation    In April 2014, legislation was enacted in Virginia that permits Virginia Power to recover 70% of the costs previously
deferred or capitalized related to the development of a third nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities through December 31, 2013 as part of the 2013 and 2014 base rates. Virginia Power had deferred or capitalized costs
totaling $577 million for these projects as of December 31, 2013, substantially all of which relate to North Anna. For the 70% portion of these previously deferred or capitalized costs allocable to customers in Virginia, Virginia Power
recognized such amounts as charges against net income beginning in the second quarter of 2014 and for the remainder of the year. During 2014, Virginia Power recognized $374 million ($248 million after-tax) in charges against income representing the
cumulative recovery of costs from January 2013 through December 2014, which are primarily included in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The remaining deferred or capitalized costs, as well as costs
incurred after December 31, 2013, continue to be eligible for inclusion in a future rate adjustment clause.    N ORTH 
C AROLINA  R EGULATION     In December 2012, the North Carolina Commission approved a $36 million increase in
Virginia Power’s annual non-fuel base revenues based on an authorized ROE of 10.2%, and a $14 million decrease in annual base fuel revenues for a combined total base revenue increase of $22 million. These rate changes became effective on
January 1, 2013. Following an appeal to the Supreme Court of North Carolina, the North Carolina Commission issued an opinion reaffirming its 10.2% ROE determination in July 2015.  
 In August 2015, Virginia Power submitted its annual filing to the North Carolina Commission to adjust the fuel component of its electric
rates. Virginia Power proposed an $11 million decrease to the fuel component of its electric rates for the rate year beginning January 1, 2016. This decrease includes the North Carolina Commission’s previous approval to defer recovering
50% of Virginia Power’s estimated $17 million jurisdictional deferred fuel balance to the 2016 fuel year, without interest. In December 2015, the North Carolina Commission approved Virginia Power’s proposed fuel charge adjustment.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 122 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  O HIO  R EGULATION   
 PIR Program    In 2008, East Ohio began
PIR, aimed at replacing approximately 25% of its pipeline system. In March 2015, East Ohio filed an application with the Ohio Commission requesting approval to extend the PIR program for an additional five years and to increase the annual capital
investment, with corresponding increases in the annual rate-increase caps. In its application, East Ohio proposed that PIR investments for 2016 should fall under the existing authorization and that the new five-year period should include
investment through December 31, 2021. East Ohio also proposed that the PIR investment should be increased by $20 million in 2017 and another $20 million in 2018, bringing the total annual investment to $200 million. Thereafter, East Ohio
proposed capital investment increases of 3% per year for 2019 through 2021 to mitigate inflation and other cost pressures experienced to date, which will continue into the future. This case is pending.  
 In February 2015, East Ohio filed an application to adjust the PIR cost recovery for 2014 costs. The filing reflects gross plant
investment for 2014 of $155 million, cumulative gross plant investment of $829 million and a revenue requirement of $108 million. This application was approved by the Ohio Commission in April 2015.  
 AMR Program    In 2007, East Ohio began
installing automated meter reading technology for its 1.2 million customers in Ohio. The AMR program approved by the Ohio Commission was completed in 2012. Although no further capital investment will be added, East Ohio is approved to recover
depreciation, property taxes, carrying charges and a return until East Ohio has another rate case.    In February 2015, East Ohio
filed its application with the Ohio Commission to adjust its AMR cost recovery charge to recover costs for calendar year 2014 associated with AMR deployment. The filing reflects a projected revenue requirement of approximately $8 million. This
application was approved by the Ohio Commission in April 2015.    PIPP Plus Program  
 Under the Ohio PIPP Plus Program, eligible customers can make reduced payments based on their ability to pay their bill. The difference between the
customer’s total bill and the PIPP amount is deferred and collected under the PIPP Rider in accordance with the rules of the Ohio Commission. In July 2015, East Ohio’s annual update of the PIPP Rider was automatically approved by the Ohio
Commission after a 45-day waiting period from the date of the filing. The revised rider rate reflects the refund for the twelve-month period from July 2015 through June 2016 of an over-recovery of accumulated arrearages of approximately $57
million as of March 31, 2015, net of projected deferred program costs of approximately $35 million from April 2015 through June 2016.  
 UEX Rider    East Ohio has approval for a
UEX Rider through which it recovers the bad debt expense of most customers not participating in the PIPP Plus Program. The UEX Rider is adjusted annually to achieve dollar for dollar recovery of East Ohio’s actual write-offs of uncollectible
amounts. In July 2015, the Ohio Commission
 

  
approved East Ohio’s application to decrease its UEX Rider, which reflects a refund of over-recovered accumulated bad debt expense of $14 million as of March 31, 2015, and recovery of
prospective net bad debt expense projected to total approximately $20 million for the twelve-month period from April 2015 to March 2016.  
 PSMP    In October 2015, East Ohio
requested approval from the Ohio Commission to defer the operation and maintenance costs associated with implementing a proposed PSMP. The costs are not expected to exceed $15 million per year.  
 W EST  V IRGINIA  R EGULATION     In September 2015, Hope requested approval of PREP from the West Virginia Commission. In the application, Hope proposed a projected capital investment for 2016 of $24 million as part of a total five-year
projected capital investment of $158 million. In January 2016, Hope and the West Virginia Commission reached a settlement allowing Hope to include costs related to capital investment for 2016 of $20 million in new PREP customer rates effective
March 1, 2016.   FERC—G AS     During the second quarter of 2013, DCG executed binding precedent agreements for the approximately $35 million Edgemoor Project. FERC approved the Edgemoor Project in February 2015, construction commenced
in March 2015 and the project was placed into service in December 2015    In April 2014, DCG executed a binding precedent
agreement for the approximately $35 million Columbia to Eastover Project. In May 2015, DCG filed an application to request FERC authorization to construct and operate the project facilities, which are expected to be in service in the third quarter
of 2016.    In October 2015, Cove Point received authorization to construct the approximately $30 million St. Charles
Transportation Project and the approximately $40 million Keys Energy Project. Construction on each project commenced in the fourth quarter of 2015. The St. Charles Transportation Project is anticipated to be placed into service in June 2016. The
Keys Energy Project is anticipated to be placed into service in March 2017.      
   
  N OTE  14. A SSET  R ETIREMENT  O BLIGATIONS   
  AROs represent obligations that result from laws, statutes, contracts and regulations related to the eventual retirement of certain of
the Companies’ long-lived assets. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s AROs are primarily associated with the decommissioning of their nuclear generation facilities and also include those for ash pond closures and the future abatement of
asbestos expected to be disturbed in their generation facilities. Dominion Gas’ AROs primarily include plugging and abandonment of gas and oil wells and the interim retirement of natural gas gathering, transmission, distribution and storage
pipeline components.    The Companies have also identified, but not recognized, AROs related to the retirement of Dominion’s
LNG facility, Dominion Gas’ storage wells in its underground natural gas storage network, certain Virginia Power electric transmission and distribution assets located on property with easements, rights of way, franchises and
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 123 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  
lease agreements, Virginia Power’s hydroelectric generation facilities and the abatement of certain asbestos not expected to be disturbed in Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s
generation facilities. The Companies currently do not have sufficient information to estimate a reasonable range of expected retirement dates for any of these assets since the economic lives of these assets can be extended indefinitely through
regular repair and maintenance and they currently have no plans to retire or dispose of any of these assets. As a result, a settlement date is not determinable for these assets and AROs for these assets will not be reflected in the Consolidated
Financial Statements until sufficient information becomes available to determine a reasonable estimate of the fair value of the activities to be performed. The Companies continue to monitor operational and strategic developments to identify if
sufficient information exists to reasonably estimate a retirement date for these assets. The changes to AROs during 2014 and 2015 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
 
   AROs at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,578 
    
 
   Obligations incurred during the period 
    
   
 40 
    
 
   Obligations settled during the period 
    
   
 (82 
 )  
 
   Revisions in estimated cash flows (1) 
    
   
 102 
    
 
   Accretion 
    
   
 81 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   AROs at December 31,
2014 (2) 
    
 $ 
 1,714 
    
 
   Obligations incurred during the period (3) 
    
   
 315 
    
 
   Obligations settled during the period 
    
   
 (106 
 )  
 
   Revisions in estimated cash flows (3) 
    
   
 88 
    
 
   Accretion 
    
   
 93 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   AROs at December 31,
2015 (2) 
    
 $ 
 2,103 
    
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 
 
 
 
   AROs at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 689 
    
 
   Obligations incurred during the period 
    
   
 28 
    
 
   Obligations settled during the period 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Revisions in estimated cash flows (1) 
    
   
 108 
    
 
   Accretion 
    
   
 37 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   AROs at December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 855 
    
 
   Obligations incurred during the period (3) 
    
   
 289 
    
 
   Obligations settled during the period 
    
   
 (39 
 )  
 
   Revisions in estimated cash flows (3) 
    
   
 92 
    
 
   Accretion 
    
   
 50 
    
 
   AROs at December 31, 2015 
    
 $ 
 1,247 
    
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
 
   AROs at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 137 
    
 
   Obligations incurred during the period 
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Obligations settled during the period 
    
   
 (8 
 )  
 
   Accretion 
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 8 
    
 
   AROs at December 31,
2014 (4) 
    
 $ 
 147 
    
 
   Obligations incurred during the period 
    
   
 5 
    
 
   Obligations settled during the period 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   Revisions in estimated cash flows 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Accretion 
    
   
 9 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   AROs at December 31,
2015 (4) 
    
 $ 
 149 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Relates primarily to a shift of the delayed planned date on which the DOE is expected to begin accepting spent nuclear fuel.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes $81 million and $216 million reported in other current liabilities at December 31, 2014, and 2015, respectively.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Primarily reflects future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities. See Note 22 for further information.
 
 
 
 (4) 
 Includes $140 million and $137 million reported in other deferred credits and other liabilities, with the remainder recorded in other current liabilities, at
December 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively.
 
  Dominion and Virginia Power have established trusts dedicated to funding the future
decommissioning of their nuclear plants. At both December 31, 2015 and 2014, the aggregate fair value of Dominion’s trusts, consisting primarily of equity and debt securities, totaled $4.2 billion. At both December 31, 2015
and 2014, the aggregate fair value of Virginia Power’s trusts, consisting primarily of debt and equity securities, totaled $1.9 billion.      
   
  N OTE  15. V ARIABLE  I NTEREST  E NTITIES   
  The primary beneficiary of a VIE is required to consolidate the VIE and to disclose certain information about its significant variable
interests in the VIE. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is the entity that has both 1) the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and 2) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits
from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE.    Dominion    Through August 2013, Dominion leased the Fairless generating facility in Pennsylvania, which began commercial operations in June 2004, from Juniper, the lessor. In August 2013, the lease expired and
Dominion purchased Fairless for $923 million from Juniper per the terms of the lease agreement. However, as Dominion had previously consolidated Juniper, the purchase was accounted for as an equity transaction to acquire the noncontrolling interests
from Juniper for $923 million, while Dominion retained control of Fairless.    Dominion has an initial 45% membership interest in
Atlantic Coast Pipeline. See Note 9 for more details regarding the nature of this entity. Dominion concluded that Atlantic Coast Pipeline is a VIE because it has insufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support. Dominion has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of Atlantic Coast Pipeline as it does not have the power to direct the activities of Atlantic Coast Pipeline that most significantly impact its economic performance, as the power
to direct is shared among multiple unrelated parties. Dominion is obligated to provide capital contributions based on its ownership percentage. Dominion’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to its current and future investment.  
 Dominion and Dominion Gas    Dominion Midstream and
Dominion Gas own a 25.93% and 24.72% noncontrolling partnership interest in Iroquois, respectively. See Note 3 for further details regarding the nature of this entity. Dominion concluded that Iroquois is a VIE because a non-affiliated Iroquois
equity holder has the ability during a limited period of time to transfer its ownership interests to another Iroquois equity holder or its affiliate. At December 31, 2015, Dominion concluded that neither Dominion Midstream nor Dominion Gas is
the primary beneficiary of Iroquois as they do not have the power to direct the activities of Iroquois that most significantly impact its economic performance, as the power to direct is shared among multiple unrelated parties. If Iroquois determines
capital contributions are required, Dominion Midstream and Dominion Gas each would be obligated to provide the portion of capital contributions based on its ownership percentage. Dominion Midstream’s and Dominion Gas’ maximum exposure to
loss is limited to their current and future investment.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 124 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Dominion Gas    DTI has been engaged to oversee the construction of, and to subsequently operate and maintain, the projects undertaken by Atlantic Coast Pipeline based on the overall direction and oversight of Atlantic
Coast Pipeline’s members. An affiliate of DTI holds a membership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline, therefore DTI is considered to have a variable interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. The members of Atlantic Coast Pipeline hold the power to
direct the construction, operations and maintenance activities of the entity. DTI has concluded it is not the primary beneficiary of Atlantic Coast Pipeline as it does not have the power to direct the activities of Atlantic Coast Pipeline that most
significantly impact its economic performance. DTI has no obligation to absorb any losses of the VIE. See Note 24 for information about associated related party receivable balances.    Virginia Power    Virginia Power had long-term power and capacity contracts with five non-utility
generators, which contain certain variable pricing mechanisms in the form of partial fuel reimbursement that Virginia Power considers to be variable interests. Contracts with two of these non-utility generators expired during 2015 leaving a
remaining aggregate summer generation capacity of approximately 418 MW. After an evaluation of the information provided by these entities, Virginia Power was unable to determine whether they were VIEs. However, the information they provided, as well
as Virginia Power’s knowledge of generation facilities in Virginia, enabled Virginia Power to conclude that, if they were VIEs, it would not be the primary beneficiary. This conclusion reflects Virginia Power’s determination that its
variable interests do not convey the power to direct the most significant activities that impact the economic performance of the entities during the remaining terms of Virginia Power’s contracts and for the years the entities are expected to
operate after its contractual relationships expire. The remaining contracts expire at various dates ranging from 2017 to 2021. Virginia Power is not subject to any risk of loss from these potential VIEs other than its remaining purchase commitments
which totaled $439 million as of December 31, 2015. Virginia Power paid $200 million, $223 million, and $217 million for electric capacity and $83 million, $138 million, and $98 million for electric energy to these entities for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.    Virginia Power and Dominion Gas    Virginia Power and Dominion Gas purchased shared services from DRS, an affiliated VIE, of $318 million and $115 million, $335 million and $106 million, and $331 million and $115 million for the years
ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Virginia Power and Dominion Gas determined that each is not the most closely associated entity with DRS and therefore neither is the primary beneficiary. DRS provides accounting, legal,
finance and certain administrative and technical services to
 

  
all Dominion subsidiaries, including Virginia Power and Dominion Gas. Virginia Power and Dominion Gas have no obligation to absorb more than their allocated shares of DRS costs.  
       
  N OTE  16. S HORT - TERM  D EBT   AND  C REDIT 
A GREEMENTS   
  The Companies use short-term debt to fund working capital requirements and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. The levels of
borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the year, depending upon the timing and amount of cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. In January 2016, Dominion expanded its short-term funding resources through a $1.0
billion increase to one of its joint revolving credit facility limits. In addition, Dominion utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral requirements. Collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedging levels,
Dominion’s credit ratings and the credit quality of its counterparties.    Dominion    Commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding, as well as capacity available under credit facilities, were as follows:      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Facility Limit 
   
    
 Outstanding Commercial Paper 
   
   
 Outstanding Letters of Credit 
   
    
 Facility Capacity Available 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Joint revolving credit facility (1)(2) 
    
 $ 
 4,000 
    
    
 $ 
 3,353 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 647 
    
 
   Joint revolving credit
facility (1) 
    
   
 500 
    
    
   
 156 
    
   
   
 59 
    
    
   
 285 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 4,500 
    
    
 $ 
 3,509 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 59 
    
    
 $ 
 932 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Joint revolving credit facility (1) 
    
 $ 
 4,000 
    
    
 $ 
 2,664 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 1,336 
    
 
   Joint revolving credit
facility (1) 
    
   
 500 
    
    
   
 111 
    
   
   
 48 
    
    
   
 341 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 4,500 
    
    
 $ 
 2,775 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 48 
    
    
 $ 
 1,677 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 These credit facilities mature in April 2019, and can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to a combined
$2.0 billion of letters of credit.  
 
 
 (2) 
 In January 2016, this facility limit was increased from $4.0 billion to $5.0 billion.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The weighted-average interest rates of the outstanding commercial paper supported by Dominion’s credit facilities were 0.62% and 0.38% at December 31, 2015
and 2014, respectively.    Virginia Power    Virginia Power’s short-term financing is supported through its access as co-borrower to the two joint revolving credit facilities. These credit facilities can be used for working capital, as support
for the combined commercial paper programs of the Companies and for other general corporate purposes.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 125 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  Virginia Power’s share of commercial paper and letters of credit outstanding under its
joint credit facilities with Dominion and Dominion Gas were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Facility Limit
 (1) 
   
    
 Outstanding Commercial Paper 
   
   
 Outstanding Letters of Credit 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Joint revolving credit facility (1)(2) 
    
 $ 
 4,000 
    
    
 $ 
 1,500 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Joint revolving credit
facility (1) 
    
   
 500 
    
    
   
 156 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 4,500 
    
    
 $ 
 1,656 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Joint revolving credit facility (1) 
    
 $ 
 4,000 
    
    
 $ 
 1,250 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Joint revolving credit
facility (1) 
    
   
 500 
    
    
   
 111 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 4,500 
    
    
 $ 
 1,361 
 (3)   
   
 $ 
 — 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The full amount of the facilities is available to Virginia Power, less any amounts outstanding to co-borrowers Dominion and Dominion Gas. Sub-limits for Virginia
Power are set within the facility limit but can be changed at the option of the Companies multiple times per year. At December 31, 2015, the sub-limit for Virginia Power was an aggregate $1.75 billion. If Virginia Power has liquidity needs in
excess of its sub-limit, the sub-limit may be changed or such needs may be satisfied through short-term intercompany borrowings from Dominion. These credit facilities mature in April 2019, and can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance
of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $2.0 billion (or the sub-limit, whichever is less) of letters of credit.  
 
 
 (2) 
 In January 2016, this facility limit was increased from $4.0 billion to $5.0 billion.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The weighted-average interest rates of the outstanding commercial paper supported by these credit facilities were 0.60% and 0.36% at December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.    In addition to the credit facility commitments mentioned above, Virginia Power also has a $120
million credit facility with a maturity date of April 2019. As of December 31, 2015, this facility supports $119 million of certain variable rate tax-exempt financings of Virginia Power.
 
  Dominion Gas    Dominion Gas’ short-term financing is supported by its access as co-borrower to the two joint revolving credit facilities. In December 2014, Dominion Gas entered into a commercial paper program
pursuant to which it began accessing the commercial paper markets in January 2015.    Dominion Gas’ share of commercial
paper and letters of credit outstanding under its joint credit facilities with Dominion and Virginia Power were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 Facility Limit
 (1) 
   
   
 Outstanding Commercial Paper 
   
   
 Outstanding Letters of Credit 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   At December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Joint revolving credit facility (1) 
   
 $ 
 1,000 
    
   
 $ 
 391 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Joint revolving credit
facility (1) 
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 1,500 
    
   
 $ 
 391 
 (2)   
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   At December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Joint revolving credit facility (1) 
   
 $ 
 1,000 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Joint revolving credit
facility (1) 
   
   
 500 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 1,500 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 A maximum of a combined $1.5 billion of the facilities is available to Dominion Gas, assuming adequate capacity is available after giving effect to uses by
co-borrowers Dominion and Virginia Power. Sub-limits for Dominion Gas are set within the facility limit but can be changed at the option of the Companies multiple times per year. At December 31, 2015, the sub-limit for Dominion Gas was an
aggregate $500 million. In January 2016, the aggregate sub-limit for Dominion Gas was increased to $1.0 billion. If Dominion Gas has liquidity needs in excess of its sub-limit, the sub-limit may be changed or such needs may be satisfied through
short-term intercompany borrowings from Dominion. These credit facilities mature in April 2019, and can be used to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to $1.5 billion (or the sub-limit, whichever is
less) of letters of credit.  
 
 
 (2) 
 The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding commercial paper supported by these credit facilities was 0.63% at December 31, 2015.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 126 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

  N OTE  17. L ONG - TERM  D EBT   
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 
 2015 Weighted- 
 average   Coupon (1) 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions, except percentages) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unsecured Senior Notes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   1.05% to 2.8%, due 2016 to 2020 
    
   
 2.26 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,550 
    
   
 $ 
 850 
    
 
   3.55% to 4.8%, due 2023 to 2044 
    
   
 4.15 
 %  
   
   
 1,750 
    
   
   
 1,750 
    
 
   Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC total principal 
    
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 3,300 
    
   
 $ 
 2,600 
    
 
   Securities due within one year 
    
   
 1.05 
 %  
   
   
 (400 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Unamortized discount 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC total long-term debt 
    
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 2,892 
    
   
 $ 
 2,594 
    
 
   Virginia Electric and Power Company: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unsecured Senior Notes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   1.2% to 8.625%, due 2015 to 2019 
    
   
 5.03 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,261 
    
   
 $ 
 2,471 
    
 
   2.75% to 8.875%, due 2022 to 2045 
    
   
 4.91 
 %  
   
   
 6,292 
    
   
   
 5,592 
    
 
   Tax-Exempt Financings (2) : 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Variable rates, due 2016 to 2041 
    
   
 0.79 
 %  
   
   
 194 
    
   
   
 606 
    
 
   0.70% to 5.6%, due 2023 to 2041 
    
   
 2.19 
 %  
   
   
 678 
    
   
   
 266 
    
 
   Virginia Electric and Power Company total principal 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 9,425 
    
   
 $ 
 8,935 
    
 
   Securities due within one year 
    
   
 5.24 
 %  
   
   
 (476 
 )  
   
   
 (211 
 )  
 
   Unamortized discount and premium, net 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Virginia Electric and Power Company total long-term debt 
    
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 8,949 
    
   
 $ 
 8,726 
    
 
   Dominion Resources, Inc.: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unsecured Senior Notes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Variable rates, due 2015 and 2016 
    
   
 1.11 
 %  
   
 $ 
 600 
    
   
 $ 
 400 
    
 
   1.25% to 6.4%, due 2015 to 2019 
    
   
 3.05 
 %  
   
   
 3,400 
    
   
   
 3,150 
    
 
   2.75% to 7.0%, due 2021 to 2044 (3) 
    
   
 4.80 
 %  
   
   
 5,099 
    
   
   
 4,449 
    
 
   Tax-Exempt Financing, variable rate, due 2041 
    
   
 1.16 
 %  
   
   
 75 
    
   
   
 75 
    
 
   Unsecured Junior Subordinated Notes Payable to Affiliated Trust, 8.4%, due 2031 
    
   
 8.40 
 %  
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   5.75% and 7.5%, due 2054 and 2066 
    
   
 6.27 
 %  
   
   
 971 
    
   
   
 985 
    
 
   Variable rate, due 2066 
    
   
 2.90 
 %  
   
   
 377 
    
   
   
 380 
    
 
   Remarketable Subordinated Notes, 1.07% to 1.50%, due 2019 to 2021 
    
   
 1.30 
 %  
   
   
 2,100 
    
   
   
 2,100 
    
 
   Unsecured Debentures and Senior Notes (4) : 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   6.8% and 6.875%, due 2026 and 2027 
    
   
 6.81 
 %  
   
   
 89 
    
   
   
 89 
    
 
   Dominion Energy, Inc.: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax-Exempt Financing, 2.375%, due 2033 
    
   
 2.38 
 %  
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
   Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC total principal (from above) 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 3,300 
    
   
   
 2,600 
    
 
   Virginia Electric and Power Company total principal (from above) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 9,425 
    
   
   
 8,935 
    
 
   Dominion Resources, Inc. total principal 
    
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 25,473 
    
   
 $ 
 23,200 
    
 
   Fair value hedge valuation (5) 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 19 
    
 
   Securities due within one year (6) 
    
   
 2.38 
 %  
   
   
 (1,826 
 )  
   
   
 (1,375 
 )  
 
   Unamortized discount and premium, net 
    
   
   
   
   
   
 (38 
 )  
   
   
 (39 
 )  
 
   Dominion Resources, Inc. total long-term debt 
    
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 23,616 
    
   
 $ 
 21,805 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents weighted-average coupon rates for debt outstanding as of December 31, 2015.  
 
 
 (2) 
 These financings relate to certain pollution control equipment at Virginia Power’s generating facilities. Certain variable rate tax-exempt financings are
supported by a $120 million credit facility that terminates in April 2019.  
 
 
 (3) 
 At the option of holders, $510 million of Dominion’s 5.25% senior notes due 2033 were subject to redemption at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued
interest in August 2015. As a result, at December 31, 2014, the notes were included in securities due within one year in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The option to redeem the notes expired in June 2015. At December 31,
2015, the notes are included in long-term debt in Dominion’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Represents debt assumed by Dominion from the merger of its former CNG subsidiary.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Represents the valuation of certain fair value hedges associated with Dominion’s fixed rate debt.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Includes $4 million for fair value hedge valuation in 2014. Excludes $100 million of variable rate short-term notes scheduled to mature in May 2016 that were
purchased and cancelled using the proceeds from the February 2016 issuance of senior notes that mature in 2018.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 127 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  Based on stated maturity dates rather than early redemption dates that could be elected
by instrument holders, the scheduled principal payments of long-term debt at December 31, 2015, were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2016 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2019 
   
   
 2020 
   
   
 Thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (millions, except percentages) 
    
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
   
   
     
   


 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 $ 
 400 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 450 
    
   
 $ 
 700 
    
   
 $ 
 1,750 
    
   
 $ 
 3,300 
    
 
   Weighted-average Coupon 
    
   
 1.05 
 %  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2.50 
 %  
   
   
 2.80 
 %  
   
   
 4.15 
 %  
   
   
   
   
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 $ 
 476 
    
   
 $ 
 679 
    
   
 $ 
 850 
    
   
 $ 
 350 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 7,070 
    
   
 $ 
 9,425 
    
 
   Weighted-average Coupon 
    
   
 5.24 
 %  
   
   
 5.44 
 %  
   
   
 4.17 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
   
   
   
   
 4.59 
 %  
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unsecured Senior Notes (1) 
    
 $ 
 1,907 
    
   
 $ 
 1,354 
    
   
 $ 
 1,850 
    
   
 $ 
 2,000 
    
   
 $ 
 700 
    
   
 $ 
 13,230 
    
   
 $ 
 21,041 
    
 
   Tax-Exempt Financings 
    
   
 19 
    
   
   
 75 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 880 
    
   
   
 974 
    
 
   Unsecured Junior Subordinated Notes Payable to Affiliated Trusts 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,348 
    
   
   
 1,348 
    
 
   Remarketable Subordinated Notes 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 1,000 
    
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 2,100 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,926 
    
   
 $ 
 1,429 
    
   
 $ 
 1,850 
    
   
 $ 
 2,550 
    
   
 $ 
 1,700 
    
   
 $ 
 16,018 
    
   
 $ 
 25,473 
    
 
   Weighted-average Coupon 
    
   
 2.31 
 %  
   
   
 3.28 
 %  
   
   
 4.16 
 %  
   
   
 3.09 
 %  
   
   
 2.04 
 %  
   
   
 4.54 
 %  
   
   
   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 In February 2016, Dominion purchased and cancelled $100 million of variable rate short-term notes that would have otherwise matured in May 2016 using the proceeds
from the February 2016 issuance of senior notes that mature in 2018. As a result, at December 31, 2015, $100 million of the notes were included in long-term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
   
  The Companies’ short-term credit facilities and long-term debt agreements contain
customary covenants and default provisions. As of December 31, 2015, there were no events of default under these covenants.    In January 2016, Virginia Power issued $750 million of 3.15% senior notes that mature in 2026.    In February 2016, Dominion issued $500 million of 2.125% senior notes in a private placement. The notes mature in 2018.    Senior Note Redemptions    As part of Dominion’s Liability Management Exercise, in December 2014,
Dominion redeemed five outstanding series of senior notes with an aggregate outstanding principal of $1.9 billion. The aggregate redemption price paid in December 2014 was $2.2 billion and represents the principal amount outstanding, accrued and
unpaid interest and the applicable make-whole premium of $263 million. Total charges for the Liability Management Exercise of $284 million, including the make-whole premium, were recognized and recorded in interest expense in Dominion’s
Consolidated Statements of Income. Proceeds from Dominion’s issuance of senior notes in November 2014 were used to offset the payment of the redemption price. Also see Convertible Securities called for redemption below.  
 Convertible Securities    As part of Dominion’s
Liability Management Exercise, in November 2014, Dominion provided notice to redeem all $22 million of outstanding contingent convertible senior notes. The senior notes were eligible for conversion during 2014. However, in lieu of redemption,
holders elected to convert the remaining $22 million of notes in December 2014 into $26 million of common stock. Proceeds from Dominion’s issuance of senior notes in November 2014 were used to offset the portion of the conversions paid in cash.
At December 31, 2014, all of the senior notes have been converted and none remain outstanding.
 
  Junior Subordinated Notes Payable to Affiliated Trusts  
 In previous years, Dominion established several subsidiary capital trusts, each as a finance subsidiary of Dominion, which holds 100% of the voting
interests. The trusts sold capital securities representing preferred beneficial interests and 97% beneficial ownership in the assets held by the trusts. In exchange for the funds realized from the sale of the capital securities and common securities
that represent the remaining 3% beneficial ownership interest in the assets held by the capital trusts, Dominion issued various junior subordinated notes. The junior subordinated notes constitute 100% of each capital trust’s assets. Each trust
must redeem its capital securities when their respective junior subordinated notes are repaid at maturity or if redeemed prior to maturity.    In January 2013, Dominion repaid its $258 million 7.83% unsecured junior subordinated debentures and redeemed all 250 thousand units of the $250 million 7.83% Dominion Resources Capital Trust I
capital securities due December 1, 2027. The securities were redeemed at a price of $1,019.58 per capital security plus accrued and unpaid distributions.    Interest charges related to Dominion’s junior subordinated notes payable to affiliated trusts were $1 million for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.  
 Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes    In June 2006
and September 2006, Dominion issued $300 million of June 2006 hybrids and $500 million of September 2006 hybrids, respectively. The June 2006 hybrids bear interest at 7.5% per year until June 30, 2016. Thereafter, they will bear interest
at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.825%, reset quarterly. The September 2006 hybrids bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.3%, reset quarterly.    In June 2009, Dominion issued $685 million of 8.375% June 2009 hybrids. The June 2009 hybrids were listed on the NYSE under the symbol DRU.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 128 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  In October 2014, Dominion issued $685 million of October 2014 hybrids that will bear
interest at 5.75% per year until October 1, 2024. Thereafter, they will bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 3.057%, reset quarterly.    Dominion may defer interest payments on the hybrids on one or more occasions for up to 10 consecutive years. If the interest payments on the hybrids are deferred, Dominion may not make distributions
related to its capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments during the deferral period. Also, during the deferral period, Dominion may not make any payments on or redeem or repurchase any
debt securities that are equal in right of payment with, or subordinated to, the hybrids.    Dominion executed RCCs in
connection with its issuance of the June 2006 hybrids, the September 2006 hybrids, and the June 2009 hybrids. Under the terms of the RCCs, Dominion covenants to and for the benefit of designated covered debtholders, as may be designated from time to
time, that Dominion shall not redeem, repurchase, or defease all or any part of the hybrids, and shall not cause its majority owned subsidiaries to purchase all or any part of the hybrids, on or before their applicable RCC termination date, unless,
subject to certain limitations, during the 180 days prior to such activity, Dominion has received a specified amount of proceeds as set forth in the RCCs from the sale of qualifying securities that have equity-like characteristics that are the same
as, or more equity-like than the applicable characteristics of the hybrids at that time, as more fully described in the RCCs. In September 2011, Dominion amended the RCCs of the June 2006 hybrids and September 2006 hybrids to expand the measurement
period for consideration of proceeds from the sale of common stock issuances from 180 days to 365 days. In July 2014, Dominion amended the RCC of the June 2009 hybrids to expand the measurement period for consideration of proceeds from the sale of
common stock or other equity-like issuances from 180 days to 365 days. The proceeds Dominion receives from the replacement offering, adjusted by a predetermined factor, must equal or exceed the redemption or repurchase price.  
 As part of Dominion’s Liability Management Exercise, in October 2014, Dominion redeemed all $685 million of the June 2009 hybrids
plus accrued interest with the net proceeds from the issuance of the October 2014 hybrids. In 2015, Dominion purchased and canceled $14 million and $3 million of the June 2006 hybrids and the September 2006 hybrids, respectively. In the first
quarter of 2016, Dominion purchased and cancelled $37 million and $2 million of the June 2006 hybrids and the September 2006 hybrids, respectively. The redemption and all purchases were conducted in compliance with the RCCs.
 
  Remarketable Subordinated Notes    In June 2013, Dominion issued $550 million of 2013 Series A 6.125% Equity Units and $550 million of 2013 Series B 6% Equity Units, initially in the form of Corporate Units. In July 2014, Dominion issued
$1.0 billion of 2014 Series A 6.375% Equity Units, initially in the form of Corporate Units. The Corporate Units are listed on the NYSE under the symbols DCUA, DCUB and DCUC, respectively.  
 Each Corporate Unit consists of a stock purchase contract and 1/20 interest in a RSN issued by Dominion. The stock purchase contracts
obligate the holders to purchase shares of Dominion common stock at a future settlement date prior to the relevant RSN maturity date. The purchase price to be paid under the stock purchase contracts is $50 per Corporate Unit and the number of shares
to be purchased will be determined under a formula based upon the average closing price of Dominion common stock near the settlement date. The RSNs are pledged as collateral to secure the purchase of common stock under the related stock purchase
contracts.    Dominion makes quarterly interest payments on the RSNs and quarterly contract adjustment payments on the stock
purchase contracts, at the rates described below. Dominion may defer payments on the stock purchase contracts and the RSNs for one or more consecutive periods but generally not beyond the purchase contract settlement date. If payments are deferred,
Dominion may not make any cash distributions related to its capital stock, including dividends, redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee payments. Also, during the deferral period, Dominion may not make any payments on or redeem
or repurchase any debt securities that are equal in right of payment with, or subordinated to, the RSNs.    Dominion has
recorded the present value of the stock purchase contract payments as a liability offset by a charge to equity. Interest payments on the RSNs are recorded as interest expense and stock purchase contract payments are charged against the liability.
Accretion of the stock purchase contract liability is recorded as imputed interest expense. In calculating diluted EPS, Dominion applies the treasury stock method to the Equity Units.  
 Pursuant to the terms of the 2013 Equity Units and 2014 Equity Units, Dominion expects to remarket the 2013 Series A, 2013 Series B and
2014 Series A RSNs during the first and second quarters of 2016, and the second quarter of 2017, respectively. Following a successful remarketing, the interest rate on the RSNs will be reset, interest will be payable on a semi-annual basis and
Dominion will cease to have the ability to redeem the RSNs at its option or defer interest payments. Proceeds of each remarketing will belong to the investors in the related equity units and will be held and applied on their behalf at the settlement
date of the related stock purchase contracts to pay the purchase price to Dominion for issuance of its common stock.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 129 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  Under the terms of the stock purchase contracts, assuming no anti-dilution or other
adjustments, Dominion will issue between 8.5 million and 10.0 million shares of its common stock in both April 2016 and July 2016 and between 11.5 million and 14.4 million shares in July 2017. A total of 40.3 million shares
of Dominion’s common stock has been reserved for issuance in connection with the stock purchase contracts.    Selected
information about Dominion’s Equity Units is presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Issuance Date 
    
 Units Issued 
   
    
 Total Net Proceeds 
   
    
 Total Long-term Debt 
   
    
 RSN Annual Interest Rate 
   
   
 Stock Purchase Contract Annual Rate 
   
   
 
 Stock Purchase 
 Contract Liability (1) 
   
    
 Stock Purchase Settlement Date 
   
    
 RSN Maturity Date 
   
 
 (millions, except interest rates) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   6/7/2013 
    
   
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 533.5 
    
    
 $ 
 550.0 
    
    
   
 1.070 
 %  
   
   
 5.055 
 %  
   
 $ 
 76.7 
    
    
   
 4/1/2016 
    
    
   
 4/1/2021 
    
 
   6/7/2013 
    
   
 11 
    
    
 $ 
 553.5 
    
    
 $ 
 550.0 
    
    
   
 1.180 
 %  
   
   
 4.820 
 %  
   
 $ 
 79.3 
    
    
   
 7/1/2016 
    
    
   
 7/1/2019 
    
 
   7/1/2014 
    
   
 20 
    
    
 $ 
 982.0 
    
    
 $ 
 1,000.0 
    
    
   
 1.500 
 %  
   
   
 4.875 
 %  
   
 $ 
 142.8 
    
    
   
 7/1/2017 
    
    
   
 7/1/2020 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Payments of $101 million and $66 million were made in 2015 and 2014, respectively. The stock purchase contract liability was $115 million and $216 million at
December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 130 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
    
  N OTE  18. P REFERRED  S TOCK   
  Dominion is authorized to issue up to 20 million shares of preferred stock; however, none were issued and outstanding at
December 31, 2015 or 2014.    Virginia Power is authorized to issue up to 10 million shares of preferred stock,
$100 liquidation preference. During 2014, Virginia Power redeemed 2.59 million shares, which represented all outstanding series of its preferred stock, some of which were redeemed as a part of Dominion’s Liability Management Exercise in
September 2014. Upon redemption, each series was no longer outstanding for any purpose and dividends ceased to accumulate. Virginia Power had no preferred stock issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 or 2014.  
       
  N OTE  19. E QUITY   
  Issuance of Common Stock  
 D OMINION   
 Dominion maintains Dominion Direct ®  and a number of employee savings plans through which contributions may be invested in Dominion’s common stock. These shares may either be newly issued or
purchased on the open market with proceeds contributed to these plans. In January 2014, Dominion began purchasing its common stock on the open market for these plans. In April 2014, Dominion began issuing new common shares for these direct stock
purchase plans.    During 2015, Dominion received cash proceeds, net of fees and commissions, of $783
million from the issuance of approximately 11 million shares of common stock through various programs resulting in approximately 596 million of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2015. These proceeds include cash of
$284 million received from the issuance of 4.1 million of such shares through Dominion Direct ®  and employee
savings plans.    In December 2014, Dominion filed an SEC shelf registration for the sale of debt and equity securities including
the ability to sell common stock through an at-the-market program. Also in December 2014, Dominion entered into four separate sales agency agreements to effect sales under the program and pursuant to which it may offer from time to time up to $500
million aggregate amount of its common stock. Sales of common stock can be made by means of privately negotiated transactions, as transactions on the NYSE at market prices or in such other transactions as are agreed upon by Dominion and the sales
agents and in conformance with applicable securities laws. During the first and
 

  
second quarters of 2015, Dominion provided sales instructions to the sales agents and issued 4.0 million shares through at-the-market issuances and received cash proceeds of $297 million,
net of fees and commissions paid of $3 million. Following these issuances, Dominion has the ability to issue up to approximately $200 million of stock under the 2014 sales agency agreements. However, Dominion completed its 2015 planned market
issuances of equity in May 2015 with the issuance of 2.8 million shares and receipt of proceeds of $202 million through a registered underwritten public offering.    V IRGINIA  P OWER     In 2015, 2014 and 2013, Virginia Power did not issue
any shares of its common stock to Dominion.    D OMINION  G AS     On September 30, 2013, Dominion contributed its wholly-owned subsidiaries DTI, East Ohio and Dominion Iroquois to Dominion Gas in exchange for 100% of its limited liability company membership
interests.    Shares Reserved for Issuance    At December 31, 2015, Dominion had approximately 50 million shares reserved and available for issuance for Dominion Direct ® , employee stock awards, employee savings plans, director stock compensation plans and issuance in connection with stock purchase contracts. See Note 17 for more
information.    Repurchase of Common Stock  
 Dominion did not repurchase any shares in 2015 or 2014 and does not plan to repurchase shares during 2016, except for shares tendered by employees to
satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, which do not count against its stock repurchase authorization.    Purchase of Dominion
Midstream Units    In September 2015, Dominion initiated a program to purchase from the market up to $50 million of common units representing
limited partner interests in Dominion Midstream. The common units may be acquired by Dominion over the 12 month period following commencement of the program at the discretion of management. Through December 31, 2015, Dominion purchased approximately
887,000 common units for $25 million. In the first quarter of 2016, Dominion purchased approximately 377,000 additional common units for approximately $10 million. At February 23, 2016, Dominion still has the ability to purchase up to $15 million of
common units under the program.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 131 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)    Presented in the table below is a summary of AOCI by component:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net deferred losses on derivatives-hedging activities, net of tax of $110 and $116 
    
 $ 
 (176 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (178 
 )  
 
   Net unrealized gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of tax of $(281) and $(333) 
    
   
 504 
    
   
   
 548 
    
 
   Net unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs, net of tax of $525 and $530 
    
   
 (797 
 )  
   
   
 (782 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss from equity method investees, net of tax of $4 and $3 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
 
   Total AOCI 
    
 $ 
 (474 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (416 
 )  
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net deferred losses on derivatives-hedging activities, net of tax of $4 and $4 
    
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
 
   Net unrealized gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, net of tax of $(30) and
$(35) 
    
   
 47 
    
   
   
 57 
    
 
   Total AOCI 
    
 $ 
 40 
    
   
 $ 
 50 
    
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net deferred losses on derivatives-hedging activities, net of tax of $10 and $11 
    
 $ 
 (17 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (20 
 )  
 
   Net unrecognized pension costs, net of tax of $56 and $46 
    
   
 (82 
 )  
   
   
 (66 
 )  
 
   Total AOCI 
    
 $ 
 (99 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (86 
 )  
   
  D OMINION     The following table presents Dominion’s changes in AOCI by component, net of tax:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 Deferred gains and losses on derivatives- hedging activities 
   
   
 Unrealized gains and losses on investment securities 
   
   
 Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs 
   
   
 Other comprehensive loss from equity method investees 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
 $ 
 (178 
 )  
   
 $ 
 548 
    
   
 $ 
 (782 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4) 
    
   
 $ 
 (416 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 
   
   
 110 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 (66 
 )  
   
   
 (1) 
    
   
   
 49 
    
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI: (gains) losses (1) 
   
   
 (108 
 )  
   
   
 (50 
 )  
   
   
 51 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (107 
 )  
 
   Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 (1) 
    
   
   
 (58 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
 $ 
 (176 
 )  
   
 $ 
 504 
    
   
 $ 
 (797 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5) 
    
   
 $ 
 (474 
 )  
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
   
 $ 
 (288 
 )  
   
 $ 
 474 
    
   
 $ 
 (510 
 )  
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 (324 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 128 
    
   
   
 (305 
 )  
   
   
 (4) 
    
   
   
 (164 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI: (gains) losses (1) 
   
   
 93 
    
   
   
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 33 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 72 
    
 
   Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 110 
    
   
   
 74 
    
   
   
 (272 
 )  
   
   
 (4) 
    
   
   
 (92 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
   
 $ 
 (178 
 )  
   
 $ 
 548 
    
   
 $ 
 (782 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4) 
    
   
 $ 
 (416 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 See table below for details about these reclassifications.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 132 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  The following table presents Dominion’s reclassifications out of AOCI by component:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Details about AOCI components 
    
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
   
   
 Affected line item in the Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Deferred (gains) and losses on derivatives-hedging activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commodity contracts 
    
 $ 
 (203 
 )  
   
 Operating revenue 
 
 
    
   
 15 
    
   
 Purchased gas 
 
 
    
   
 1 
    
   
 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
   
 11 
    
   
 Interest and related charges 
 
   Total 
    
   
 (176 
 )  
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 68 
    
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 (108 
 )  
   
   
 
   Unrealized (gains) and losses on investment securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Realized (gain) loss on sale of securities 
    
 $ 
 (110 
 )  
   
 Other income 
 
   Impairment 
    
   
 31 
    
   
 Other income 
 
   Total 
    
   
 (79 
 )  
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 29 
    
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 (50 
 )  
   
   
 
   Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Prior-service costs (credits) 
    
 $ 
 (12 
 )  
   
 Other operations and maintenance 
 
   Actuarial losses 
    
   
 98 
    
   
 Other operations and maintenance 
 
   Total 
    
   
 86 
    
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 (35 
 )  
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 51 
    
   
   
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Deferred (gains) and losses on derivatives-hedging activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commodity contracts 
    
 $ 
 130 
    
   
 Operating revenue 
 
 
    
   
 13 
    
   
 Purchased gas 
 
 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
   
 16 
    
   
 Interest and related charges 
 
   Total 
    
   
 152 
    
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 (59 
 )  
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 93 
    
   
   
 
   Unrealized (gains) and losses on investment securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Realized (gain) loss on sale of securities 
    
 $ 
 (100 
 )  
   
 Other income 
 
   Impairment 
    
   
 13 
    
   
 Other income 
 
   Total 
    
   
 (87 
 )  
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 33 
    
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 (54 
 )  
   
   
 
   Unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Prior-service costs (credits) 
    
 $ 
 (12 
 )  
   
 Other operations and maintenance 
 
   Actuarial losses 
    
   
 69 
    
   
 Other operations and maintenance 
 
   Total 
    
   
 57 
    
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 (24 
 )  
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 33 
    
   
   
   
  V IRGINIA  P OWER   
 The following table presents Virginia Power’s changes in AOCI by component, net of tax:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Deferred gains and losses
on derivatives- hedging activities 
   
   
 Unrealized gains and losses on investment securities 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 57 
    
   
 $ 
 50 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: losses 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI: (gains) losses (1) 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 47 
    
   
 $ 
 40 
    
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 48 
    
   
 $ 
 48 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI: gains (1) 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
 
   Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 57 
    
   
 $ 
 50 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 See table below for details about these reclassifications.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 133 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  The following table presents Virginia Power’s reclassifications out of AOCI by
component:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Details about AOCI components 
    
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
   
   
 
 Affected line item in the   Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   (Gains) losses on cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commodity contracts 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
   
 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
 
   Total 
    
   
 1 
    
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 — 
    
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
   
   
 
   Unrealized (gains) and losses on investment securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Realized (gain) loss on sale of securities 
    
 $ 
 (14 
 )  
   
 Other income 
 
   Impairment 
    
   
 4 
    
   
 Other income 
 
   Total 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 4 
    
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   (Gains) losses on cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commodity contracts 
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
 
   Total 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 2 
    
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 
   Unrealized (gains) and losses on investment securities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Realized (gain) loss on sale of securities 
    
 $ 
 (10 
 )  
   
 Other income 
 
   Total 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 4 
    
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
   
   
   
  D OMINION  G AS     The following table presents Dominion Gas’ changes in AOCI by component, net of tax:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Deferred gains and losses on derivatives- hedging activities 
   
   
 Unrecognized pension costs 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 (20 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (66 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (86 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI: (gains) losses (1) 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 (17 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (82 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (99 
 )  
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning balance 
    
 $ 
 3 
    
   
 $ 
 (61 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (58 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: losses 
    
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (41 
 )  
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI: losses (1) 
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Net current period other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   Ending balance 
    
 $ 
 (20 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (66 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (86 
 )  
     
 
 
 (1) 
 See table below for details about these reclassifications.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 134 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  The following table presents Dominion Gas’ reclassifications out of AOCI by component:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Details about AOCI components 
    
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI 
   
   
 Affected line item in the Consolidated Statements of Income 
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
   
   


 
   Year Ended December 31, 2015 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Deferred (gains) and losses on derivatives-hedging activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commodity contracts 
    
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
   
 Operating revenue 
 
   Total 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 3 
    
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 
   Unrecognized pension costs: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Actuarial losses 
    
 $ 
 7 
    
   
 Other operations and maintenance 
 
   Total 
    
   
 7 
    
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 4 
    
   
   
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Deferred (gains) and losses on derivatives-hedging activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Commodity contracts 
    
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
   
 Operating revenue 
 
 
    
   
 14 
    
   
 Purchased gas 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
   
 1 
    
   
 Interest and related charges 
 
   Total 
    
   
 13 
    
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 8 
    
   
   
 
   Unrecognized pension costs: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Prior service costs 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
   
 Other operations and maintenance 
 
   Actuarial losses 
    
   
 7 
    
   
 Other operations and maintenance 
 
   Total 
    
   
 8 
    
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
 Income tax expense 
 
   Total, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 5 
    
   
   
   Stock-Based Awards  
 The 2005 and 2014 Incentive Compensation Plans permit stock-based awards that include restricted stock, performance grants, goal-based stock, stock
options, and stock appreciation rights. The Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan permits grants of restricted stock and stock options. Under provisions of these plans, employees and non-employee directors may be granted options to purchase
common stock at a price not less than its fair market value at the date of grant with a maximum term of eight years. Option terms are set at the discretion of the CGN Committee of the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors itself, as provided
under each plan. At December 31, 2015, approximately 25 million shares were available for future grants under these plans.
 
  Dominion measures and recognizes compensation expense relating to share-based payment
transactions over the vesting period based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. Dominion’s results for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 include $39 million, $39 million, and $31 million,
respectively, of compensation costs and $14 million, $14 million, and $11 million, respectively of income tax benefits related to Dominion’s stock-based compensation arrangements. Stock-based compensation cost is reported in other operations
and maintenance expense in Dominion’s Consolidated Statements of Income. Excess Tax Benefits are classified as a financing cash flow. Dominion realized $3 million of excess tax benefits from the vesting of restricted stock awards and
exercise of stock options during the year ended December 31, 2015, and less than $1 million during the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.    R ESTRICTED  S TOCK     Restricted stock grants are made to officers under
Dominion’s LTIP and may also be granted to certain key non-officer employees from time to time. The fair value of Dominion’s restricted stock awards is equal to the closing price of Dominion’s stock on the date of grant. New shares
are issued for restricted stock awards on the date of grant and generally vest over a three-year service period. The following table provides a summary of restricted stock activity for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Shares 
   
   
   Weighted 
 - average   Grant Date 
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (thousands) 
   
   
   
   


 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 1,085 
    
   
 $ 
 44.46 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 312 
    
   
   
 54.70 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (356 
 )  
   
   
 39.00 
    
 
   Cancelled and forfeited 
    
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 51.11 
    
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 1,007 
    
   
 $ 
 49.35 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 354 
    
   
   
 67.98 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (278 
 )  
   
   
 44.50 
    
 
   Cancelled and forfeited 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 53.61 
    
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 1,065 
    
   
 $ 
 56.74 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 302 
    
   
   
 73.26 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (510 
 )  
   
   
 50.71 
    
 
   Cancelled and forfeited 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 62.62 
    
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 855 
    
   
 $ 
 66.16 
    
   As of December 31, 2015, unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock
awards totaled $27 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.0 years. The fair value of restricted stock awards that vested was $37 million, $19 million, and $20 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
Employees may elect to have shares of restricted stock withheld upon vesting to satisfy tax withholding obligations. The number of shares withheld will vary for each employee depending on the vesting date fair market value of Dominion stock and the
applicable federal, state and local tax withholding rates.    G OAL -B ASED  S TOCK   
 Goal-based stock awards are granted under Dominion’s LTIP to officers who have not achieved a certain targeted level of share
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 135 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  
ownership, in lieu of cash-based performance grants. Goal-based stock awards may also be made to certain key non-officer employees from time to time. Current outstanding goal-based shares include
awards granted to officers in February 2014 and February 2015.    The issuance of awards is based on the achievement of two
performance metrics during a two-year period: TSR relative to that of companies listed as members of the Philadelphia Utility Index as of the end of the performance period and ROIC. The actual number of shares issued will vary between zero and 200%
of targeted shares depending on the level of performance metrics achieved. The fair value of goal-based stock is equal to the closing price of Dominion’s stock on the date of grant. Goal-based stock awards granted to key non-officer employees
convert to restricted stock at the end of the two-year performance period and generally vest three years from the original grant date. Awards to officers vest at the end of the two-year performance period. All goal-based stock awards are settled by
issuing new shares.    The following table provides a summary of goal-based stock activity for the years ended
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Targeted 
 Number of   Shares 
   
   
   Weighted 
 - average   Grant 
 Date Fair   Value 
   
 
   
    
 (thousands) 
   
   
   
   


 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 4 
    
   
 $ 
 45.60 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 54.17 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 43.54 
    
 
   Cancelled and forfeited 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 43.54 
    
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 53.85 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 68.83 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 52.48 
    
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 17 
    
   
 $ 
 65.15 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 14 
    
   
   
 72.72 
    
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 56.22 
    
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 24 
    
   
 $ 
 72.27 
    
   At December 31, 2015, the targeted number of shares expected to be issued under the February 2014 and
February 2015 awards was approximately 24 thousand. In January 2016, the CGN Committee determined the actual performance against metrics established for the February 2014 awards with a performance period that ended December 31, 2015. Based on
that determination, the total number of shares to be issued under the February 2014 goal-based stock awards was approximately 10 thousand.    As of December 31, 2015, unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested goal-based stock awards was not material.    C ASH -B ASED  P ERFORMANCE  G RANTS     Cash-based
performance grants are made to Dominion’s officers under Dominion’s LTIP. The actual payout of cash-based performance grants will vary between zero and 200% of the targeted amount based on the level of performance metrics achieved.
   In February 2012, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. A portion of the grant, representing the initial payout
of $8 million was paid in December 2013, based on the achievement of two performance metrics during 2012 and 2013: TSR relative to that of companies listed as members of the Philadelphia
 

  
Utility Index as of the end of the performance period and ROIC. The total amount of the award under the grant was $12 million and the remaining portion of the grant was paid in January 2014.
   In February 2013, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. A portion of the grant, representing the initial payout
of $14 million was paid in December 2014, based on the achievement of two performance metrics during 2013 and 2014: TSR relative to that of companies listed as members of the Philadelphia Utility Index as of the end of the performance period and
ROIC. The total amount of the award under the grant was $20 million and the remaining portion of the grant was paid in February 2015.    In February 2014, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. Payout of the performance grant is expected to occur by March 15, 2016 based on the achievement of two performance metrics
during 2014 and 2015: TSR relative to that of companies listed as members of the Philadelphia Utility Index as of the end of the performance period and ROIC. The total expected award under the grant is $10 million and the grant is expected to be
paid by March 15, 2016. At December 31, 2015, a liability of $10 million had been accrued for this award.    In
February 2015, a cash-based performance grant was made to officers. Payout of the performance grant is expected to occur by March 15, 2017 based on the achievement of two performance metrics during 2015 and 2016: TSR relative to that of
companies listed as members of the Philadelphia Utility Index as of the end of the performance period and ROIC. At December 31, 2015, the targeted amount of the grant was $14 million and a liability of $7 million had been accrued for this
award.          
  N OTE  20. D IVIDEND  R ESTRICTIONS   
  The Virginia Commission may prohibit any public service company, including Virginia Power, from declaring or paying a dividend to an
affiliate if found to be detrimental to the public interest. At December 31, 2015, the Virginia Commission had not restricted the payment of dividends by Virginia Power.  
 The Ohio Commission may prohibit any public service company, including East Ohio, from declaring or paying a dividend to an affiliate if
found to be detrimental to the public interest. At December 31, 2015, the Ohio Commission had not restricted the payment of dividends by East Ohio.    Certain agreements associated with the Companies’ credit facilities contain restrictions on the ratio of debt to total capitalization. These limitations did not restrict the Companies’ ability
to pay dividends or receive dividends from their subsidiaries at December 31, 2015.    See Note 17 for a description of
potential restrictions on dividend payments by Dominion in connection with the deferral of interest payments on junior subordinated notes and equity units, initially in the form of corporate units.  
       
  N OTE  21. E MPLOYEE  B ENEFIT  P LANS   
  Dominion and Dominion Gas—Defined Benefit Plans    Dominion provides certain retirement benefits to eligible active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. Dominion Gas participates in a number of the Dominion-sponsored retirement
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 136 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
plans. Under the terms of its benefit plans, Dominion reserves the right to change, modify or terminate the plans. From time to time in the past, benefits have changed, and some of these changes
have reduced benefits.    Dominion maintains qualified noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering virtually all
employees. Retirement benefits are based primarily on years of service, age and the employee’s compensation. Dominion’s funding policy is to contribute annually an amount that is in accordance with the provisions of ERISA. The pension
program also provides benefits to certain retired executives under a company-sponsored nonqualified employee benefit plan. The nonqualified plan is funded through contributions to a grantor trust. Dominion also provides retiree healthcare and life
insurance benefits with annual employee premiums based on several factors such as age, retirement date and years of service.  
 Pension benefits for Dominion Gas employees not represented by collective bargaining units are covered by the Dominion Pension Plan, a
defined benefit pension plan sponsored by Dominion that provides benefits to multiple Dominion subsidiaries. Pension benefits for Dominion Gas employees represented by collective bargaining units are covered by separate pension plans for East Ohio
and, for DTI, a plan that provides benefits to employees of both DTI and Hope. Employee compensation is the basis for allocating pension costs and obligations between DTI and Hope and determining East Ohio’s share of total pension costs.
   Retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits for Dominion Gas employees not represented by collective bargaining units are
covered by the Dominion Retiree Health and Welfare Plan, a plan sponsored by Dominion that provides certain retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits to multiple Dominion subsidiaries. Retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits for Dominion
Gas employees represented by collective bargaining units are covered by separate other postretirement benefit plans for East Ohio and, for DTI, a plan that provides benefits to both DTI and Hope. Employee headcount is the basis for allocating other
postretirement benefit costs and obligations between DTI and Hope and determining East Ohio’s share of total other postretirement benefit costs.    Pension and other postretirement benefit costs are affected by employee demographics (including age, compensation levels and years of service), the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on
plan assets. These costs may also be affected by changes in key assumptions, including expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates, mortality rates and the rate of compensation increases.
   Dominion uses December 31 as the measurement date for all of its employee benefit plans, including those in which
Dominion Gas participates. Dominion uses the market-related value of pension plan assets to determine the expected return on plan assets, a component of net periodic pension cost, for all pension plans, including those in which Dominion Gas
participates. The market-related value recognizes changes in fair value on a straight-line basis over a four-year period, which reduces year-to-year volatility. Changes in fair value are measured as the difference between the expected and actual
plan asset returns, including dividends, interest and realized and unrealized investment gains and losses. Since the market-related value recognizes changes in
 

  
fair value over a four-year period, the future market-related value of pension plan assets will be impacted as previously unrecognized changes in fair value are recognized.  
 Dominion’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans hold investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments.
Dominion’s pension and other postretirement plan assets experienced aggregate actual losses of $72 million in 2015 and aggregate actual returns of $706 million in 2014, versus expected returns of $648 million and $610 million, respectively.
Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement plan assets for employees represented by collective bargaining units experienced aggregate actual losses of $13 million in 2015 and aggregate actual returns of $157 million in 2014, versus expected
returns of $150 million and $138 million, respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on plan assets are accumulated and amortized during future periods. As such, any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in
future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash to be contributed to the employee benefit plans.  
 The Medicare Act introduced a federal subsidy to sponsors of retiree healthcare benefit plans that provide a prescription drug benefit
that is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. Dominion determined that the prescription drug benefit offered under its other postretirement benefit plans is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. Dominion and Dominion Gas
received a federal subsidy of $4 million and $1 million, respectively, for 2014. Effective January 1, 2013, Dominion changed its method of receiving the subsidy under Medicare Part D for retiree prescription drug coverage from the Retiree Drug
Subsidy to the EGWP. This change reduced other postretirement benefit costs by approximately $20 million annually beginning in 2012. As a result of the adoption of the EGWP, Dominion begins to receive an increased level of Medicare Part D subsidies
in the form of reduced costs rather than a direct reimbursement.    In October 2014, the Society of Actuaries published new
mortality tables and mortality improvement scales. Such tables and scales are used to develop mortality assumptions for use in determining pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities and expense. Following evaluation of the new tables,
Dominion changed its assumption for mortality rates to reflect a generational improvement scale. As a result of this change in assumption, at December 31, 2014 Dominion and Dominion Gas (for employees represented by collective bargaining units)
increased their pension benefit obligations by $131 million and $10 million, respectively, and increased their accumulated postretirement benefit obligations by $32 million and $7 million, respectively. This change increased net periodic benefit
cost for Dominion and Dominion Gas (for employees represented by collective bargaining units) by $25 million and $3 million, respectively, for 2015.    Dominion remeasured all of its pension and other postretirement benefit plans in the second quarter of 2013. The remeasurement resulted in a reduction in the pension benefit obligation of $354 million and
a reduction in the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of $78 million. For Dominion Gas employees represented by collective bargaining units, the remeasurement resulted in a reduction in the pension benefit obligation of $28 million and a
reduction in the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of $9 million. The impact of the
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 137 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  
remeasurement on net periodic benefit (credit) cost was recognized prospectively from the remeasurement date and reduced net periodic benefit cost for 2013 by $36 million, excluding the impacts
of curtailments, and for Dominion Gas employees represented by collective bargaining units by $2 million. The discount rate used for the remeasurement was 4.80% for the pension plans and 4.70% for the other postretirement benefit plans. All other
assumptions used for the remeasurement were consistent with the measurement as of December 31, 2012.    In the fourth
quarter of 2013, Dominion remeasured its other postretirement benefit plans as a result of a plan amendment that changed medical coverage for certain Medicare-eligible retirees effective April 2014. The remeasurement resulted in a reduction in the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of $220 million. The impact of the remeasurement on net periodic benefit (credit) cost was recognized prospectively from the remeasurement date and reduced net periodic benefit cost for 2013 by $8
million. The amendment is expected to reduce net periodic benefit cost by $40 million to $60 million for each of the next five years. The discount rate used for the remeasurement was 4.80%. All other assumptions used for the remeasurement were
consistent with the measurement as of December 31, 2012.    In the third quarter of 2014, East Ohio remeasured its other
postretirement benefit plan as a result of an amendment that changed medical coverage upon the attainment of age 65 for certain future retirees effective January 1, 2016. For employees represented by collective bargaining units, the
remeasurement resulted in an increase in the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of $22 million. The impact of the remeasurement on net periodic benefit credit was recognized prospectively from the remeasurement date and reduced net
periodic benefit credit for 2014, for employees represented by collective bargaining units, by less than $1 million. The discount rate used for the remeasurement was 4.20% and the expected long-term rate of return used was 8.50%. All other
assumptions used for the remeasurement were consistent with the measurement as of December 31, 2013.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 138 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  Funded Status    The following table summarizes the changes in pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and plan assets and includes a statement of the plans’ funded status for Dominion and
Dominion Gas (for employees represented by collective bargaining units):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
   
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
         2015 
   
   
         2014 
   
 
 (millions, except percentages) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Changes in benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 6,667 
    
   
 $ 
 5,625 
    
   
 $ 
 1,571 
    
   
 $ 
 1,360 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 126 
    
   
   
 114 
    
   
   
 40 
    
   
   
 32 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 287 
    
   
   
 290 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
   
 67 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (246 
 )  
   
   
 (236 
 )  
   
   
 (79 
 )  
   
   
 (78 
 )  
 
   Actuarial (gains) losses during the year 
    
   
 (443 
 )  
   
   
 887 
    
   
   
 (138 
 )  
   
   
 177 
    
 
   Plan amendments (1) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 9 
    
 
   Settlements and curtailments (2) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Medicare Part D reimbursement 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Benefit obligation at end of year 
    
 $ 
 6,391 
    
   
 $ 
 6,667 
    
   
 $ 
 1,430 
    
   
 $ 
 1,571 
    
 
   Changes in fair value of plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 6,480 
    
   
 $ 
 6,113 
    
   
 $ 
 1,402 
    
   
 $ 
 1,315 
    
 
   Actual return (loss) on plan assets 
    
   
 (71 
 )  
   
   
 601 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 105 
    
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (246 
 )  
   
   
 (236 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 (30 
 )  
 
 
 Settlements (2) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
    
 $ 
 6,166 
    
   
 $ 
 6,480 
    
   
 $ 
 1,382 
    
   
 $ 
 1,402 
    
 
   Funded status at end of year 
    
 $ 
 (225 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (187 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (48 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (169 
 )  
 
   Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit assets 
    
 $ 
 931 
    
   
 $ 
 946 
    
   
 $ 
 12 
    
   
 $ 
 10 
    
 
   Other current liabilities 
    
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities 
    
   
 (1,142 
 )  
   
   
 (1,120 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
   
   
 (176 
 )  
 
   Net amount recognized 
    
 $ 
 (225 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (187 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (48 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (169 
 )  
 
   Significant assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.96%–4.99 
 %  
   
   
 4.40% 
    
   
   
 4.93%–4.94 
 %  
   
   
 4.40% 
    
 
   Weighted average rate of increase for compensation 
    
   
 4.22 
 %  
   
   
 4.22% 
    
   
   
 4.22 
 %  
   
   
 4.22% 
    
 
   Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 8.75 
 %  
   
   
 8.75% 
    
   
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 8.50% 
    
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Changes in benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 638 
    
   
 $ 
 563 
    
   
 $ 
 320 
    
   
 $ 
 269 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 27 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
 
   Actuarial (gains) losses during the year 
    
   
 (43 
 )  
   
   
 64 
    
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 38 
    
 
   Plan amendments 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
   Medicare Part D reimbursement 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Benefit obligation at end of year 
    
 $ 
 608 
    
   
 $ 
 638 
    
   
 $ 
 292 
    
   
 $ 
 320 
    
 
   Changes in fair value of plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 1,510 
    
   
 $ 
 1,403 
    
   
 $ 
 288 
    
   
 $ 
 273 
    
 
   Actual return (loss) on plan assets 
    
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 136 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 21 
    
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
 
   Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
    
 $ 
 1,467 
    
   
 $ 
 1,510 
    
   
 $ 
 283 
    
   
 $ 
 288 
    
 
   Funded status at end of year 
    
 $ 
 859 
    
   
 $ 
 872 
    
   
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (32 
 )  
 
   Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit assets 
    
 $ 
 859 
    
   
 $ 
 872 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities (3) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (32 
 )  
 
   Net amount recognized 
    
 $ 
 859 
    
   
 $ 
 872 
    
   
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (32 
 )  
 
   Significant assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.99 
 %  
   
   
 4.40 
 %  
   
   
 4.93 
 %  
   
   
 4.40% 
    
 
   Weighted average rate of increase for compensation 
    
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
   
 3.93% 
    
 
   Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 8.75 
 %  
   
   
 8.75 
 %  
   
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 8.50% 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 139 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 

 
 
 (1) 
 2015 amount relates primarily to a plan amendment that changed retiree medical benefits for certain nonunion employees after Medicare eligibility.
 
 
 
 (2) 
 Relates primarily to a settlement charge for certain executives.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Reflected in other deferred credits and other liabilities in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 The ABO for all of Dominion’s defined benefit pension plans was $5.8 billion and $6.0 billion at December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. The ABO for the defined benefit pension plans covering Dominion Gas employees represented by collective bargaining units was $578 million and $604 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  
 Under its funding policies, Dominion evaluates plan funding requirements annually, usually in the fourth quarter after receiving updated
plan information from its actuary. Based on the funded status of each plan and other factors, Dominion determines the amount of contributions for the current year, if any, at that time. During 2015, Dominion and Dominion Gas made no contributions to
the qualified defined benefit pension plans and no contributions are currently expected in 2016. In July 2012, the MAP 21 Act was signed into law. This Act includes an increase in the interest rates used to determine plan sponsors’ pension
contributions for required funding purposes. In 2014, the HATFA of 2014 was signed into law. Similar to the MAP 21 Act, the HATFA of 2014 adjusts the rules for calculating interest rates used in determining funding obligations. It is estimated that
the new interest rates will reduce required pension contributions through 2019. Dominion believes that required pension contributions will rise subsequent to 2019, resulting in an estimated $200 million reduction in net cumulative required
contributions over a 10-year period.    Certain regulatory authorities have held that amounts recovered in utility
customers’ rates for other postretirement benefits, in excess of benefits actually paid during the year, must be deposited in trust funds dedicated for the sole purpose of paying such benefits. Accordingly, certain of Dominion’s
subsidiaries, including Dominion Gas, fund other postretirement benefit costs through VEBAs. Dominion’s remaining subsidiaries do not prefund other postretirement benefit costs but instead pay claims as presented. Dominion’s contributions
to VEBAs, all of which pertained to Dominion Gas employees, totaled $12 million for both 2015 and 2014, and Dominion expects to contribute approximately $12 million to the Dominion VEBAs in 2016, all of which pertains to Dominion Gas employees.
   Dominion and Dominion Gas do not expect any pension or other postretirement plan assets to be returned during 2016.
 
  The following table provides information on the benefit obligations and fair value of plan
assets for plans with a benefit obligation in excess of plan assets for Dominion and Dominion Gas (for employees represented by collective bargaining units):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
    
 
 Other Postretirement 
 Benefits 
   
 
 As of December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 5,728 
    
    
 $ 
 5,970 
    
    
 $ 
 359 
    
    
 $ 
 1,564 
    
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 4,571 
    
    
   
 4,838 
    
    
   
 299 
    
    
   
 1,385 
    
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 292 
    
    
 $ 
 320 
    
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 283 
    
    
   
 288 
    
   The following table provides information on the ABO and fair value of plan assets for Dominion’s pension plans with
an ABO in excess of plan assets:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 As of December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Accumulated benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 5,198 
    
    
 $ 
 5,370 
    
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 4,571 
    
    
   
 4,838 
    
   The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, as appropriate, are expected to be
paid for Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ (for employees represented by collective bargaining units) plans:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
   
 
     
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 288 
    
    
 $ 
 92 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 303 
    
    
   
 96 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 324 
    
    
   
 99 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 337 
    
    
   
 100 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 359 
    
    
   
 102 
    
 
 2021-2025 
    
 2,023 
   
    
 512 
   
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 35 
    
    
 $ 
 18 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 19 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 39 
    
    
   
 21 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 40 
    
    
   
 21 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 41 
    
    
   
 21 
    
 
   2021-2025 
    
   
 208 
    
    
   
 107 
    
   Plan Assets    Dominion’s overall objective for investing its pension and other postretirement plan assets is to achieve appropriate long-term rates of return commensurate with prudent levels of risk. As a
participating employer in various pension plans sponsored by Dominion, Dominion Gas is subject to Dominion’s investment policies for such plans. To minimize risk, funds are broadly diversified among asset classes, investment strategies and
investment advisors. The strategic target asset allocations for Dominion’s pension funds are 28% U.S. equity, 18% non-U.S. equity, 35% fixed income, 3% real estate and 16% other alternative investments. U.S. equity includes investments in
large-cap,    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 140 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  
mid-cap and small-cap companies located in the United States. Non-U.S. equity includes investments in large-cap and small-cap companies located outside of the United States including both
developed and emerging markets. Fixed income includes corporate debt instruments of companies from diversified industries and U.S. Treasuries. The U.S. equity, non-U.S. equity and fixed income investments are in individual securities as well as
mutual funds. Real estate includes equity REITs and investments in partnerships. Other alternative investments include partnership investments in private equity, debt and hedge funds that follow several different strategies.  
 Dominion also utilizes common/collective trust funds as an investment vehicle for its defined benefit plans. A common/collective trust
fund is a pooled fund operated by a bank or trust company for investment of the assets of various organizations and individuals in a well-diversified portfolio. Common/collective trust funds are funds of grouped assets that follow various investment
strategies.    Strategic investment policies are established for Dominion’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic
asset/liability studies. Factors considered in setting the investment policy include employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
Deviations from the plans’ strategic allocation are a function of Dominion’s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market movements which result in the plans’ actual
asset allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. Through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the target. Future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to further reduce pension and
other postretirement plan risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns. Financial derivatives may be used to obtain or manage market exposures and to hedge assets and liabilities.  
 For fair value measurement policies and procedures related to pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets, see Note 6.
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 141 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  The fair values of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ (for employees represented by
collective bargaining units) pension plan assets by asset category are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 16 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 16 
    
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 25 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 38 
    
 
   U.S. equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 1,178 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,178 
    
    
   
 1,313 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1,313 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 475 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 475 
    
    
   
 530 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 530 
    
 
   Non-U.S. equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 286 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 286 
    
    
   
 234 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 234 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 493 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 493 
    
    
   
 403 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 403 
    
 
   Common/collective trust funds (1) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 330 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 330 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 360 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 360 
    
 
   Fixed income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 40 
    
    
   
 672 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 712 
    
    
   
 45 
    
    
   
 666 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 711 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 60 
    
    
   
 298 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 358 
    
    
   
 74 
    
    
   
 342 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 416 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 20 
    
    
   
 54 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 74 
    
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 60 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 70 
    
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 61 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 70 
    
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 86 
    
 
   Real estate-REITs 
    
   
 90 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 90 
    
    
   
 40 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 40 
    
 
   Total recorded at fair value 
    
 $ 
 2,667 
    
    
 $ 
 1,415 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 4,082 
    
    
 $ 
 2,668 
    
    
 $ 
 1,533 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 4,201 
    
 
   Assets recorded at NAV (2) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common/collective trust funds (1) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,200 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 1,235 
    
 
   Real estate-Partnerships 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 153 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 209 
    
 
   Other alternative investments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Private equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 465 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 518 
    
 
   Debt 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 170 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 144 
    
 
   Hedge funds 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 86 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 162 
    
 
   Total recorded at NAV 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 2,074 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 2,268 
    
 
   Total (3) 

    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 6,156 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 6,469 
    
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 4 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 4 
    
    
 $ 
 3 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9 
    
 
   U.S. equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 280 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 280 
    
    
   
 306 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 306 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 113 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 113 
    
    
   
 124 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 124 
    
 
   Non-U.S. equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 68 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 68 
    
    
   
 54 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 54 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 117 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 117 
    
    
   
 94 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 94 
    
 
   Common/collective trust funds (4) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 78 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 78 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 84 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 84 
    
 
   Fixed income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 160 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 169 
    
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 155 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 166 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 14 
    
    
   
 71 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 85 
    
    
   
 17 
    
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 97 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 18 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 14 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 16 
    
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 14 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 16 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 20 
    
 
   Real estate-REITs 
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 9 
    
 
   Total recorded at fair value 
    
 $ 
 634 
    
    
 $ 
 336 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 970 
    
    
 $ 
 621 
    
    
 $ 
 358 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 979 
    
 
   Assets recorded at NAV (2) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common/collective trust funds (4) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 286 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 288 
    
 
   Real estate-Partnerships 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 36 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 48 
    
 
   Other alternative investments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Private equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 111 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 121 
    
 
   Debt 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 40 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 34 
    
 
   Hedge funds 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 21 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 38 
    
 
   Total recorded at NAV 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 494 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 529 
    
 
   Total (5) 

    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 1,464 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 1,508 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Common/collective trust funds include $330 million and $360 million of John Hancock insurance contracts held at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. See
below for a description of the individual investments included within this line item, and the nature and risk of each respective fund.  
 
 
 (2) 
 These investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value
hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 142 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 
 
 (3) 
 Includes net assets related to pending sales of securities of $112 million, net accrued income of $16 million, and excludes net assets related to pending purchases
of securities of $118 million at December 31, 2015. Includes net assets related to pending sales of securities of $31 million, net accrued income of $18 million, and excludes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of $38 million
at December 31, 2014.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Common/collective trust funds include $78 million and $84 million of John Hancock insurance contracts held at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. See below for
a description of the individual investments included within this line item, and the nature and risk of each respective fund.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Includes net assets related to pending sales of securities of $27 million, net accrued income of $4 million, and excludes net assets related to pending purchases of
securities of $28 million at December 31, 2015. Includes net assets related to pending sales of securities of $7 million, net accrued income of $4 million, and excludes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of $9 million at
December 31, 2014.    The fair values of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ (for employees represented
by collective bargaining units) other postretirement plan assets by asset category are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
     
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Level 1 
   
    
 Level 2 
   
    
 Level 3 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 1 
    
    
 $ 
 7 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 8 
    
 
   U.S. equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 468 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 468 
    
    
   
 514 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 514 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 26 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 26 
    
    
   
 28 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 28 
    
 
   Non-U.S. equity: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
    
   
 107 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 107 
    
    
   
 102 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 102 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 21 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 21 
    
 
   Common/collective trust funds (1) 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 18 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 18 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 19 
    
 
   Fixed income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 39 
    
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 35 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 38 
    
 
   U.S. Treasury securities and agency debentures 
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 17 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 20 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 18 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 22 
    
 
   State and municipal 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Other securities 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 3 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Real estate-REITs 
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Total recorded at fair value 
    
 $ 
 673 
    
    
 $ 
 79 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 752 
    
    
 $ 
 676 
    
    
 $ 
 86 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 762 
    
 
   Assets recorded at NAV (2) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common/collective trust funds (1) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 543 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 536 
    
 
   Real estate-Partnerships 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 14 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 19 
    
 
   Other alternative investments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Private equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 54 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 58 
    
 
   Debt 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 14 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 18 
    
 
   Hedge funds 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 9 
    
 
   Total recorded at NAV 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 630 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 640 
    
 
   Total 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 1,382 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 1,402 
    
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   U.S. equity-Large Cap 
    
   
 102 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 102 
    
    
   
 113 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 113 
    
 
   Non-U.S. equity-Large Cap 
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 24 
    
    
   
 26 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 26 
    
 
   Real estate-REITs 
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Total recorded at fair value 
    
 $ 
 137 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 137 
    
    
 $ 
 139 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 141 
    
 
   Assets recorded at NAV (2) : 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common/collective trust funds (3) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 132 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 129 
    
 
   Real estate-Partnerships 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 2 
    
 
   Other alternative investments: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Private equity 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 11 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 12 
    
 
   Debt 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Total recorded at NAV 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 146 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 147 
    
 
   Total 
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 283 
    
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
 $ 
 288 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Common/collective trust funds include $18 million and $19 million of John Hancock insurance contracts held at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. See
below for a description of the individual investments included within this line item, and the nature and risk of each respective fund.  
 
 
 (2) 
 These investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value
hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (3) 
 See below for a description of the individual investments included within this line item, and the nature and risk of each respective fund.
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 143 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  Investments in Common/Collective Trust Funds in Dominion’s pension and other
postretirement plans, including those in which Dominion Gas participates, are stated at fair value as determined by the issuer of the Common/Collective Trust Funds based on the fair value of the underlying investments. The Common/Collective Trusts
do not have any unfunded commitments, and do not have any applicable liquidation periods or defined terms/periods to be held. The majority of the Common/Collective Trust Funds have limited withdrawal or redemption rights during the term of the
investment. Strategies of the Common/Collective Trust Funds are as follows:    Dominion and Dominion Gas  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Wells Fargo Closed End Bond Trust-The Fund invests in stocks, bonds or a combination of both. Shares of the Fund are traded on a stock exchange and are
subject to market risk like stocks, bonds and mutual funds. The Fund may invest in a less liquid portfolio of stocks and bonds because the fund does not need to sell securities to meet shareholder redemptions as mutual funds in order to keep a
percentage of its portfolio in cash to pay back investors who withdraw shares.  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   JPMorgan Core Bond Trust-The Fund seeks to maximize total return by investing primarily in a diversified portfolio of intermediate- and long-term debt
securities. The Fund invests primarily in investment-grade bonds; it generally maintains an average weighted maturity between four and 12 years. It may shorten its average weighted maturity if deemed appropriate for temporary defensive purposes.
 
 
 
   
 • 
   
   SSgA Russell 2000 Value Index Common Trust-The Fund measures the performance of the small-cap value segment of the U.S. equity universe. The Russell
2000 Value Index is constructed to provide a comprehensive and unbiased barometer for the small-cap value segment. The Index is completely reconstituted annually to ensure larger stocks do not distort the performance and characteristics of the true
small-cap opportunity set and that the represented companies continue to reflect value characteristics.  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   NT Common Short-Term Investment Fund-The Fund seeks to maximize current income on cash reserves to the extent consistent with principal preservation
and maintenance of liquidity from a portfolio of approved money market instruments with short maturities. Liquidity is emphasized to provide for redemption of units at par on any business day. Principal preservation is a primary objective. Within
quality, maturity, and sector diversification guidelines, investments are made in those securities with the most attractive yields.    Dominion      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   SSgA Daily MSCI Emerging Markets Index Non-Lending Fund-The Fund seeks an investment return that approximates as closely as practicable, before
expenses, the performance of the MSCI Emerging Markets Index over the long term. The Fund may invest directly or indirectly in securities and other instruments, including in other pooled investment vehicles sponsored or managed by, or otherwise
affiliated with the Trustee (State Street Bank and Trust Company).  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   SSgA Daily MSCI ACWI Ex-USA Index Non-Lending Fund-The Fund seeks an investment return that approximates as
 


 
 
   
   
closely as practicable, before expenses, the performance of the MSCI ACWI Ex-USA Index over the long term. The Fund may invest directly or indirectly in securities and other instruments,
including in other pooled investment vehicles sponsored or managed by, or otherwise affiliated with the Trustee (State Street Bank and Trust Company).  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   SSgA S&P 400 MidCap Index—The Fund seeks an investment return that approximates as closely as practicable, before expenses, the performance of
its benchmark index (the Index) over the long term. The S&P MidCap 400 is comprised of approximately 400 U.S. mid-cap securities and accounts for approximately 7% coverage of the U.S. stock market capitalization. SSgA will typically attempt
to invest in the equity securities comprising the Index, in approximately the same proportions as they are represented in the Index.  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   SSgA S&P 500 Flagship Non-Lending Fund—The Fund seeks an investment return that approximates as closely as practicable, before expenses, the
performance of the S&P 500 Index over the long term. The S&P 500 is comprised of approximately 500 large-cap U.S. equities and captures approximately 80% coverage of available market capitalization. SSgA will typically attempt to invest
in the equity securities comprising the S&P 500 Index, in approximately the same proportions as they are represented in the Index.  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   CF Goldman Sachs GSTCO Long Duration Fund-The Fund seeks to generate total return and prudent investment management through investments in fixed income
securities. The Fund is actively managed and benchmarked versus the Barclays U.S. Long Government /Credit Index. At least 75% of the Fund’s total assets will be rated investment grade or better by a NRSRO at the time of purchase.
The Fund may invest up to 25% of its total assets at the time of purchase in non-investment grade securities. The Fund may invest in non-dollar denominated securities that are fully hedged, unhedged or partially hedged.
 
 
 
   
 • 
   
   JPMorgan Chase Bank U.S. Active Core Plus Equity Fund-The Fund seeks to outperform the S&P 500 Index (the Benchmark), gross of fees, over a market
cycle. The Fund invests primarily in a portfolio of long and short positions in equity securities of large and mid capitalization U.S. companies with characteristics similar to those of the Benchmark.  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   NT Collective Russell 2000 Growth Index—The Fund seeks an investment return that approximates the overall performance of the common stocks
included in the Russell 2000 Growth Index. The Fund primarily invests in common stocks of one or more companies that are deemed to be representative of the industry diversification of the entire Russell 2000 Growth Index.
 
 
 
   
 • 
   
   NT Collective Short-Term Investment Fund—The Fund is composed of high-grade money market instruments with short-term maturities. The Fund’s
objective is to provide an investment vehicle for cash reserves while offering a competitive rate of return. Liquidity is emphasized to provide for redemption of units on any business day. Principal preservation is also a prime objective. Admissions
and withdrawals are made daily. Interest is accrued daily and distributed monthly.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 144 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  Investments in Group Insurance Annuity Contracts with John Hancock were entered into
after 1992 and are stated at fair value based on the fair value of the underlying securities as provided by the managers and include investments in U.S. government securities, corporate debt instruments, and state and municipal debt securities.
   Net Periodic Benefit (Credit) Cost    Net periodic benefit (credit) cost is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The components of the provision for net periodic benefit (credit) cost
and amounts recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and liabilities for Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ (for employees represented by collective bargaining units) plans are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
   
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
 (millions, except percentages) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 126 
    
   
 $ 
 114 
    
   
 $ 
 131 
    
   
 $ 
 40 
    
   
 $ 
 32 
    
   
 $ 
 43 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 287 
    
   
   
 290 
    
   
   
 271 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
   
 67 
    
   
   
 73 
    
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 (531 
 )  
   
   
 (499 
 )  
   
   
 (462 
 )  
   
   
 (117 
 )  
   
   
 (111 
 )  
   
   
 (92 
 )  
 
   Amortization of prior service (credit) cost 
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss 
    
   
 160 
    
   
   
 111 
    
   
   
 165 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Settlements and curtailments (1) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Special termination benefits 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Net periodic benefit (credit) cost 
    
 $ 
 44 
    
   
 $ 
 20 
    
   
 $ 
 106 
    
   
 $ 
 (31 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (38 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and
liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current year net actuarial (gain) loss 
    
 $ 
 159 
    
   
 $ 
 784 
    
   
 $ 
 (968 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (18 
 )  
   
 $ 
 183 
    
   
 $ 
 (255 
 )  
 
   Prior service (credit) cost 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 (215 
 )  
 
   Settlements and curtailments (1) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   Less amounts included in net periodic benefit cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss 
    
   
 (160 
 )  
   
   
 (111 
 )  
   
   
 (165 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
 
   Amortization of prior service credit (cost) 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
   
 15 
    
 
   Total recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and
liabilities 
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 669 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,157 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (28 
 )  
   
 $ 
 218 
    
   
 $ 
 (469 
 )  
 
   Significant assumptions used to determine periodic cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.40 
 %  
   
   
 5.20%-5.30 
 %  
   
   
 4.40%-4.80 
 %  
   
   
 4.40 
 %  
   
   
 4.20%-5.10 
 %  
   
   
 4.40%-4.80 
 %  
 
   Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 8.75 
 %  
   
   
 8.75 
 %  
   
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 7.75 
 %  
 
   Weighted average rate of increase for compensation 
    
   
 4.22 
 %  
   
   
 4.21 
 %  
   
   
 4.21 
 %  
   
   
 4.22 
 %  
   
   
 4.22 
 %  
   
   
 4.22 
 %  
 
   Healthcare cost trend rate (2) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) (2) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 4.60 
 %  
 
   Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate (2)(3) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2019 
    
   
   
 2018 
    
   
   
 2062 
    
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 15 
    
   
 $ 
 12 
    
   
 $ 
 13 
    
   
 $ 
 7 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
   
 $ 
 7 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 27 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
   
 27 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 (126 
 )  
   
   
 (115 
 )  
   
   
 (106 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
 
   Amortization of prior service (credit) cost 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss 
    
   
 20 
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Net periodic benefit (credit) cost 
    
 $ 
 (63 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (55 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (39 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1 
 )  
 
   Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and
liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current year net actuarial (gain) loss 
    
 $ 
 97 
    
   
 $ 
 43 
    
   
 $ 
 (127 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
   
 $ 
 40 
    
   
 $ 
 (40 
 )  
 
   Prior service cost 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Less amounts included in net periodic benefit cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Amortization of prior service credit (cost) 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Total recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and
liabilities 
    
 $ 
 76 
    
   
 $ 
 23 
    
   
 $ 
 (154 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (10 
 )  
   
 $ 
 51 
    
   
 $ 
 (39 
 )  
 
   Significant assumptions used to determine periodic cost: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.40 
 %  
   
   
 5.20 
 %  
   
   
 4.40%-4.80 
 %  
   
   
 4.40 
 %  
   
   
 4.20%-5.00 
 %  
   
   
 4.40%-4.70 
 %  
 
   Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 8.75 
 %  
   
   
 8.75 
 %  
   
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 8.50 
 %  
   
   
 7.75 
 %  
 
   Weighted average rate of increase for compensation 
    
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
   
 3.93 
 %  
   
   
 3.93 
 %  
 
   Healthcare cost trend rate (2) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) (2) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 4.60 
 %  
 
   Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate (2)(3) 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2019 
    
   
   
 2018 
    
   
   
 2062 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 2013 amounts relate primarily to the decommissioning of Kewaunee.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Assumptions used to determine net periodic cost for the following year.  
 
 
 (3) 
 The Society of Actuaries model used to determine healthcare cost trend rates was updated in 2014. The new model converges to the ultimate trend rate much more
quickly than previous models.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 145 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  The components of AOCI and regulatory assets and liabilities for Dominion’s and
Dominion Gas’ (for employees represented by collective bargaining units) plans that have not been recognized as components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 2,381 
    
    
 $ 
 2,382 
    
    
 $ 
 114 
    
   
 $ 
 139 
    
 
   Prior service (credit) cost 
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 (237 
 )  
   
   
 (233 
 )  
 
   Total (1) 

    
 $ 
 2,386 
    
    
 $ 
 2,389 
    
    
 $ 
 (123 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (94 
 )  
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 380 
    
    
 $ 
 303 
    
    
 $ 
 33 
    
   
 $ 
 43 
    
 
   Prior service (credit) cost 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Total (2) 

    
 $ 
 381 
    
    
 $ 
 304 
    
    
 $ 
 40 
    
   
 $ 
 50 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 As of December 31, 2015, of the $2.4 billion and $(123) million related to pension benefits and other postretirement benefits, $1.4 billion and $(90) million,
respectively, are included in AOCI, with the remainder included in regulatory assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2014, of the $2.4 billion and $(94) million related to pension benefits and other postretirement benefits, $1.4 billion and
$(81) million, respectively, are included in AOCI, with the remainder included in regulatory assets and liabilities.  
 
 
 (2) 
 As of December 31, 2015, of the $381 million related to pension benefits, $138 million is included in AOCI, with the remainder included in regulatory assets and
liabilities; the $40 million related to other postretirement benefits is included entirely in regulatory assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2014, of the $304 million related to pension benefits, $112 million is included in AOCI, with
the remainder included in regulatory assets and liabilities; the $50 million related to other postretirement benefits is included entirely in regulatory assets and liabilities.  
 The following table provides the components of AOCI and regulatory assets and liabilities for Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ (for
employees represented by collective bargaining units) plans as of December 31, 2015 that are expected to be amortized as components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost in 2016:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Pension Benefits 
   
    
 
 Other Postretirement 
 Benefits 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 111 
    
    
 $ 
 5 
    
 
   Prior service (credit) cost 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 13 
    
    
 $ 
 1 
    
 
   Prior service (credit) cost 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates and
mortality are critical assumptions in determining net periodic benefit (credit) cost. Dominion develops assumptions, which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor (except for the expected long-term rates of return) to
ensure reasonableness. An internal committee selects the final assumptions used for Dominion’s pension and other postretirement plans, including those in which Dominion Gas participates, including discount rates, expected long-term rates of
return, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality rates.
 
  Dominion determines the expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for its pension
plans and other postretirement benefit plans, including those in which Dominion Gas participates, by using a combination of:  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Historical return analysis to determine long term historic returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset classes;
 
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expected future risk premiums, asset volatilities and correlations;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Forecasts of an independent investment advisor;  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of major stock market indices; and
 
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Investment allocation of plan assets.    Dominion determines discount rates from analyses of AA/Aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments to be made under its plans, including those in which Dominion Gas participates.
   Dominion develops its mortality assumption using plan-specific studies and projects mortality improvement using scales
developed by the Society of Actuaries for all its plans, including those in which Dominion Gas participates.    Assumed
healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for Dominion’s retiree healthcare plans, including those in which Dominion Gas participates. A one percentage point change in assumed healthcare cost trend rates
would have had the following effects for Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ (for employees represented by collective bargaining units) other postretirement benefit plans:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Other Postretirement Benefits 
   
 
     
    
 One percentage point increase 
   
    
 One percentage point decrease 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   DOMINION 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Effect on net periodic cost for 2016 
    
 $ 
 21 
    
    
 $ 
 (13 
 )  
 
   Effect on other postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 157 
    
    
   
 (129 
 )  
 
   DOMINION GAS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Effect on net periodic cost for 2016 
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
   Effect on other postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2015 
    
   
 34 
    
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   Dominion Gas (Employees Not Represented by Collective Bargaining Units) and Virginia Power-Participation in Defined Benefit Plans
   Virginia Power employees and Dominion Gas employees not represented by collective bargaining units are covered by the Dominion Pension
Plan described above. As participating employers, Virginia Power and Dominion Gas are subject to Dominion’s funding policy, which is to contribute annually an amount that is in accordance with ERISA. During 2015, Virginia Power and Dominion Gas
made no contributions to the Dominion Pension Plan, and no contributions to this plan are currently expected in 2016. Virginia Power’s net periodic pension cost related to this plan was $97 million, $75 million and $96 million in 2015, 2014 and
2013, respectively. Dominion Gas’ net periodic pension credit related to this plan was $(38) million, $(37) million and $(27) million in 2015, 2014 and 2013,
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 146 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
respectively. Net periodic pension (credit) cost is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in their respective Consolidated Statements of Income. The funded status of various
Dominion subsidiary groups and employee compensation are the basis for determining the share of total pension costs for participating Dominion subsidiaries. See Note 24 for Virginia Power and Dominion Gas amounts due to/from Dominion related to this
plan.    Retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits, for Virginia Power employees and for Dominion Gas employees not
represented by collective bargaining units, are covered by the Dominion Retiree Health and Welfare Plan described above. Virginia Power’s net periodic benefit (credit) cost related to this plan was $(16) million, $(18) million and $5 million in
2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Dominion Gas’ net periodic benefit (credit) cost related to this plan was $(5) million, $(5) million and less than $1 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Net periodic benefit (credit) cost is
reflected in other operations and maintenance expenses in their respective Consolidated Statements of Income. Employee headcount is the basis for determining the share of total other postretirement benefit costs for participating Dominion
subsidiaries. See Note 24 for Virginia Power and Dominion Gas amounts due to/from Dominion related to this plan.    Dominion
holds investments in trusts to fund employee benefit payments for the pension and other postretirement benefit plans in which Virginia Power and Dominion Gas’ employees participate. Any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in
future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination of the amount of cash that Virginia Power and Dominion Gas will provide to Dominion for their shares of employee benefit
plan contributions.    Certain regulatory authorities have held that amounts recovered in rates for other postretirement
benefits, in excess of benefits actually paid during the year, must be deposited in trust funds dedicated for the sole purpose of paying such benefits. Accordingly, Virginia Power and Dominion Gas fund other postretirement benefit costs through
VEBAs. During 2015 and 2014, Virginia Power made no contributions to the VEBA and does not expect to contribute to the VEBA in 2016. Dominion Gas made no contributions to the VEBAs for employees not represented by collective bargaining units during
2015 and does not expect to contribute in 2016. Dominion Gas’ contributions to VEBAs for employees not represented by collective bargaining units were $1 million for 2014.    Defined Contribution Plans    Dominion also sponsors defined contribution employee savings plans that
cover substantially all employees. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, Dominion recognized $43 million, $41 million and $40 million, respectively, as employer matching contributions to these plans. Dominion Gas participates in these employee savings plans,
both specific to Dominion Gas and that cover multiple Dominion subsidiaries. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, Dominion Gas recognized $7 million as employer matching contributions to these plans. Virginia Power also participates in these employee savings
plans. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, Virginia Power recognized $18 million, $17 million and $16 million, respectively, as employer matching contributions to these plans.
 

  N OTE  22. C OMMITMENTS   AND  C ONTINGENCIES   
  As a result of issues generated in the ordinary course of business, the Companies are involved in legal proceedings before various
courts and are periodically subject to governmental examinations (including by regulatory authorities), inquiries and investigations. Certain legal proceedings and governmental examinations involve demands for unspecified amounts of damages, are in
an initial procedural phase, involve uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals or motions, or involve significant factual issues that need to be resolved, such that it is not possible for the Companies to estimate a range of possible loss.
For such matters for which the Companies cannot estimate a range of possible loss, a statement to this effect is made in the description of the matter. Other matters may have progressed sufficiently through the litigation or investigative processes
such that the Companies are able to estimate a range of possible loss. For legal proceedings and governmental examinations for which the Companies are able to reasonably estimate a range of possible losses, an estimated range of possible loss is
provided, in excess of the accrued liability (if any) for such matters. Any accrued liability is recorded on a gross basis with a receivable also recorded for any probable insurance recoveries. Estimated ranges of loss are inclusive of legal fees
and net of any anticipated insurance recoveries. Any estimated range is based on currently available information and involves elements of judgment and significant uncertainties. Any estimated range of possible loss may not represent the
Companies’ maximum possible loss exposure. The circumstances of such legal proceedings and governmental examinations will change from time to time and actual results may vary significantly from the current estimate. For current proceedings not
specifically reported below, management does not anticipate that the liabilities, if any, arising from such proceedings would have a material effect on the financial position, liquidity or results of operations of the Companies.  
 Environmental Matters    The Companies are subject to
costs resulting from a number of federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment. These laws and regulations affect future planning and existing operations. They can result in increased capital,
operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations.    A IR 
   CAA    The CAA, as amended,
is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation’s air quality. At a minimum, states are required to establish regulatory programs to address all requirements of the CAA. However, states
may choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. Many of the Companies’ facilities are subject to the CAA’s permitting and other requirements.    MATS    In December 2011, the EPA issued MATS for coal and oil-fired electric utility
steam generating units. The rule establishes strict emission limits for mercury, particulate matter as a surrogate for toxic metals and hydrogen chloride as a surrogate for acid gases. The rule includes a limited use provision for oil-fired
units    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 147 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  
with annual capacity factors under 8% that provides an exemption from emission limits, and allows compliance with operational work practice standards. Compliance was required by April 16,
2015, with certain limited exceptions. However, in June 2014,    the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality granted a one-year MATS
compliance extension for two coal-fired units at Yorktown to defer planned retirements and allow for continued operation of the units to address reliability concerns while necessary electric transmission upgrades are being completed. These coal
units will need to continue operating until at least April 2017 due to delays in transmission upgrades needed to maintain electric reliability, which based on assumptions about the timing for required agency actions and construction schedules are
expected to be completed by no earlier than the second quarter of 2017. Therefore, in October 2015 Virginia Power submitted a request to the EPA for an additional one year compliance extension under an EPA Administrative Order.  
 In June 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision holding that the EPA failed to take cost into account when the agency first decided
to regulate the emissions from coal- and oil-fired plants, and remanded the MATS rule back to the D.C. Circuit Court. However, the Supreme Court did not vacate or stay the effective date and implementation of the MATS rule. On November 20, 2015, in
response to the Supreme Court decision, the EPA proposed a supplemental finding that consideration of cost does not alter the agency’s previous conclusion that it is appropriate and necessary to regulate coal- and oil-fired electric utility
steam generating units under Section 112 of the CAA. On December 15, 2015, the D.C. Court of Appeals issued an order remanding the MATS rulemaking proceeding back to the EPA without setting aside judgment, noting that EPA had represented it was
on track to issue by April 15, 2016, a final finding regarding its consideration of cost. These actions do not change Virginia Power’s plans to close coal units at Yorktown or the need to complete necessary electricity transmission
upgrades by 2017. Since the MATS rule remains in effect and Dominion is complying with the requirements of the rule, Dominion does not expect any adverse impacts to its operations at this time.  
 CAIR    The EPA
established CAIR with the intent to require significant reductions in SO 2  and NO X
 emissions from electric generating facilities. In July 2008, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit issued a ruling vacating CAIR. In December 2008, the Court denied rehearing,
but also issued a decision to remand CAIR to the EPA. In July 2011, the EPA issued a replacement rule for CAIR, called CSAPR, that required 28 states to reduce power plant emissions that cross state lines. CSAPR established new SO 2  and NO X  emissions cap and trade programs that were completely independent of the current ARP. Specifically, CSAPR required
reductions in SO 2  and NO X  emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units of 25 MW or
more through annual NO X  emissions caps, NO X  emissions caps during the ozone season (May 1 through September 30)
and annual SO 2  emission caps with differing requirements for
two groups of affected states.    CSAPR    Following numerous petitions by industry participants for review and a successful motion for stay, in October 2014, the
 

  
U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit ordered that the EPA’s motion to lift the stay of CSAPR be granted. Further, the Court granted the EPA’s request to shift the CSAPR compliance
deadlines by three years, so that Phase 1 emissions budgets (which would have gone into effect in 2012 and 2013) will apply in 2015 and 2016, and Phase 2 emissions budgets will apply in 2017 and beyond. CSAPR replaced CAIR beginning in January 2015.
The cost to comply is not expected to be material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Future outcomes of any additional litigation and/or any action to issue a revised rule could affect the assessment regarding cost of compliance.  
 Ozone Standards    In October 2015, the EPA
issued a final rule tightening the ozone standard from 75-ppb to 70-ppb. The EPA is expected to complete attainment designations for a new standard by December 2017 and states will have until 2020 or 2021 to develop plans to address the new
standard. Until the states have developed implementation plans, the Companies are unable to predict whether or to what extent the new rules will ultimately require additional controls. However, if significant expenditures are required to implement
additional controls, it could adversely affect the Companies’ results of operations and cash flows.    Hazardous Air Pollutants Standards
   In August 2010, the EPA issued revised National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Reciprocating Internal Combustion
Engines, which was amended in March 2011 and January 2013. The rule establishes emission standards for control of hazardous air pollutants for engines at smaller facilities, known as area sources. As a result of these regulations, Dominion Gas has
spent $2 million to install emissions controls on several compressor engines. Further capital spending is not expected to be material.    NSPS
   In August 2012, the EPA issued the first NSPS impacting the natural gas production and gathering sectors and made revisions to the NSPS
for natural gas processing and transmission facilities. These rules establish equipment performance specifications and emissions standards for control of VOC emissions for natural gas production wells, tanks, pneumatic controllers, and compressors
in the upstream sector. In September 2015, the EPA issued a proposed NSPS to regulate methane and VOC emissions from transmission and storage, gathering and boosting, production and processing facilities. All projects which commence construction
after September 2015 will be required to comply with this regulation. Dominion is evaluating the proposed regulation and cannot currently estimate the potential impacts on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows related to this
matter.    Methane Emissions    In
January 2015, as part of its Climate Action Plan, the EPA announced plans to reduce methane emissions from the oil and gas sector including natural gas processing and transmission sources. In July 2015, the EPA announced the next generation of its
voluntary Natural Gas STAR program, the Natural Gas STAR Methane Challenge Program. The proposed program covers the entire natural gas sector from production to distribution, with
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 148 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
more emphasis on transparency and increased reporting for both annual emissions and reductions achieved through implementation measures. Dominion is evaluating the proposed program and
cannot currently estimate the potential impacts on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows related to this matter.  
 C LIMATE  C HANGE  L EGISLATION   AND  R EGULATION   
 In October 2013, the U.S. Supreme Court granted petitions filed by several industry groups, states, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce seeking review of the
D.C. Circuit Court’s June 2012 decision upholding the EPA’s regulation of GHG emissions from stationary sources under the CAA’s permitting programs. In June 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the EPA lacked the authority under
the CAA to require PSD or Title V permits for stationary sources based solely on GHG emissions. However, the Court upheld the EPA’s ability to require BACT for GHG for sources that are otherwise subject to PSD or Title V permitting for
conventional pollutants. In July 2014, the EPA issued a memorandum specifying that it will no longer apply or enforce federal regulations or EPA-approved PSD state implementation plan provisions that require new and modified stationary sources to
obtain a PSD permit when GHGs are the only pollutant that would be emitted at levels that exceed the permitting thresholds. In August 2015, the EPA published a final rule rescinding the requirement for all new and modified major sources to obtain
permits based solely on their GHG emissions. In addition, the EPA stated that it will continue to use the existing thresholds to apply to sources that are otherwise subject to PSD for conventional pollutants until it completes a new rulemaking
either justifying and upholding those thresholds or setting new ones. Some states have issued interim guidance that follows the EPA guidance. Due to uncertainty regarding what additional actions states may take to amend their existing regulations
and what action the EPA ultimately takes to address the Court ruling under a new rulemaking, the Companies cannot predict the impact to their financial statements at this time.  
 In July 2011, the EPA signed a final rule deferring the need for PSD and Title V permitting for CO 2  emissions for biomass projects. This rule temporarily deferred for a
period of up to three years the consideration of CO 2 
emissions from biomass projects when determining whether a stationary source meets the PSD and Title V applicability thresholds, including those for the application of BACT. The deferral policy expired in July 2014. In July 2013, the U.S. Court
of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated this rule; however, a mandate making this decision effective has not been issued. Virginia Power converted three coal-fired generating stations, Altavista, Hopewell and Southampton, to biomass during the
CO 2  deferral period. It is unclear how the court’s
decision or the EPA’s final policy regarding the treatment of specific feedstock will affect biomass sources that were permitted during the deferral period; however, the expenditures to comply with any new requirements could be material to
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial statements.    W ATER   
 The CWA, as amended, is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and regulate
discharges to surface waters with strong
 

  
enforcement mechanisms. The Companies must comply with applicable aspects of the CWA programs at their operating facilities.  
 In October 2014, the final regulations under Section 316(b) of the CWA that govern existing facilities and new units at existing
facilities that employ a cooling water intake structure and that have flow levels exceeding a minimum threshold became effective. The rule establishes a national standard for impingement based on seven compliance options, but forgoes the creation of
a single technology standard for entrainment. Instead, the EPA has delegated entrainment technology decisions to state regulators. State regulators are to make case-by-case entrainment technology determinations after an examination of five mandatory
facility-specific factors, including a social cost-benefit test, and six optional facility-specific factors. The rule governs all electric generating stations with water withdrawals above two MGD, with a heightened entrainment analysis for those
facilities over 125 MGD. Dominion and Virginia Power have 14 and 11 facilities, respectively, that may be subject to the final regulations. Dominion anticipates that it will have to install impingement control technologies at many of these stations
that have once-through cooling systems. Dominion and Virginia Power are currently evaluating the need or potential for entrainment controls under the final rule as these decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis after a thorough review of
detailed biological, technology, cost and benefit studies. While the impacts of this rule could be material to Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows, the existing regulatory framework
in Virginia provides rate recovery mechanisms that could substantially mitigate any such impacts for Virginia Power.    In
September 2015, the EPA released a final rule to revise the Effluent Limitations Guidelines for the Steam Electric Power Generating Category. The final rule establishes updated standards for wastewater discharges that apply primarily at coal and oil
steam generating stations. Affected facilities are required to convert from wet to dry or closed cycle coal ash management, improve existing wastewater treatment systems and/or install new wastewater treatment technologies in order to meet the new
discharge limits. Virginia Power has eight facilities that may be subject to additional wastewater treatment requirements associated with the final rule. The expenditures to comply with these new requirements are expected to be material.  
 S OLID   AND  H AZARDOUS  W ASTE     The CERCLA, as amended, provides for immediate response and removal actions coordinated by the EPA in the event of threatened releases of hazardous substances into the environment and authorizes the U.S.
government either to clean up sites at which hazardous substances have created actual or potential environmental hazards or to order persons responsible for the situation to do so. Under the CERCLA, as amended, generators and transporters of
hazardous substances, as well as past and present owners and operators of contaminated sites, can be jointly, severally and strictly liable for the cost of cleanup. These potentially responsible parties can be ordered to perform a cleanup, be sued
for costs associated with an EPA-directed cleanup, voluntarily settle with the U.S. government concerning their liability for cleanup costs, or voluntarily begin a site investigation and site remediation under state oversight.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 149 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  From time to time, Dominion, Virginia Power, or Dominion Gas may be identified as a
potentially responsible party to a Superfund site. The EPA (or a state) can either allow such a party to conduct and pay for a remedial investigation, feasibility study and remedial action or conduct the remedial investigation and action itself and
then seek reimbursement from the potentially responsible parties. Each party can be held jointly, severally and strictly liable for the cleanup costs. These parties can also bring contribution actions against each other and seek reimbursement from
their insurance companies. As a result, Dominion, Virginia Power, or Dominion Gas may be responsible for the costs of remedial investigation and actions under the Superfund law or other laws or regulations regarding the remediation of waste. Except
as noted below, the Companies do not believe this will have a material effect on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.    In September 2011, the EPA issued a UAO to Virginia Power and 22 other parties, ordering specific remedial action of certain areas at the Ward Transformer Superfund site located in Raleigh, North
Carolina. Virginia Power does not believe it is a liable party under CERCLA based on its alleged connection to the site. In November 2011, Virginia Power and a number of other parties notified the EPA that they are declining to undertake
the work set forth in the UAO.    The EPA may seek to enforce a UAO in court pursuant to its enforcement authority under CERCLA,
and may seek recovery of its costs in undertaking removal or remedial action. If the court determines that a respondent failed to comply with the UAO without sufficient cause, the EPA may also seek civil penalties of up to $37,500 per day for
the violation and punitive damages of up to three times the costs incurred by the EPA as a result of the party’s failure to comply with the UAO. Virginia Power is currently unable to make an estimate of the potential financial statement
impacts related to the Ward Transformer matter.    Dominion has determined that it is associated with 17 former manufactured gas
plant sites, three of which pertain to Virginia Power and 12 of which pertain to Dominion Gas. Studies conducted by other utilities at their former manufactured gas plant sites have indicated that those sites contain coal tar and other potentially
harmful materials. None of the former sites with which the Companies are associated is under investigation by any state or federal environmental agency. At one of the former sites, Dominion is conducting a state-approved post closure groundwater
monitoring program and an environmental land use restriction has been recorded. Another site has been accepted into a state-based voluntary remediation program. Virginia Power is currently evaluating the nature and extent of the contamination from
this site as well as potential remedial options. Preliminary costs for options under evaluation for the site range from $1 million to $22 million. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the other sites, the Companies are unable to make an estimate of
the potential financial statement impacts.    See below for discussion on ash pond and landfill closure costs.  
 Other Legal Matters    The Companies are defendants
in a number of lawsuits and claims involving unrelated incidents of property damage and personal injury. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these matters, the Companies are unable to make an estimate of the potential financial statement impacts;
however, they could have a material impact on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
 
  A PPALACHIAN  G ATEWAY   
 Following the completion of the Appalachian Gateway project in 2012, DTI received multiple change order requests and other claims for additional payments
from a pipeline contractor for the project. In July 2013, DTI filed a complaint in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia for breach of contract as well as accounting and declaratory relief. The contractor filed a motion to
dismiss, or in the alternative, a motion to transfer venue to Pennsylvania and/or West Virginia, where the pipelines were constructed. DTI filed an opposition to the contractor’s motion in August 2013. In November 2013, the court granted the
contractor’s motion on the basis that DTI must first comply with the dispute resolution process. In July 2015, the contractor filed a complaint against DTI in U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. In August 2015, DTI
filed a motion to dismiss, or in the alternative, a motion to transfer venue to Virginia. This case is pending. DTI has accrued a liability of $6 million for this matter. Dominion Gas cannot currently estimate additional financial statement impacts,
but there could be a material impact to its financial condition and/or cash flows.    A SH  P OND 
 AND  L ANDFILL  C LOSURE  C OSTS     In September 2014, Virginia Power received a notice
from the SELC on behalf of the Potomac Riverkeeper and Sierra Club alleging CWA violations at Possum Point. The notice alleges unpermitted discharges to surface water and groundwater from Possum Point’s historical and active ash storage
facilities. A similar notice from the SELC on behalf of the Sierra Club was subsequently received related to Chesapeake. In December 2014, Virginia Power offered to close all of its coal ash ponds and landfills at Possum Point, Chesapeake and Bremo
as settlement of the potential litigation. While the issue is open to potential further negotiations, the SELC declined the offer as presented in January 2015 and, in March 2015, filed a lawsuit related to its claims of the alleged CWA violations at
Chesapeake. Virginia Power filed a motion to dismiss in April 2015, which was denied in November 2015. As a result of the December 2014 settlement offer, Virginia Power recognized a charge of $121 million in other operations and maintenance expense
in its Consolidated Statements of Income in the Companies’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014.    In April 2015, the EPA’s final rule regulating the management of CCRs stored in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills was published in the Federal Register. The final rule regulates CCR landfills,
existing ash ponds that still receive and manage CCRs, and inactive ash ponds that do not receive, but still store CCRs. Virginia Power currently operates inactive ash ponds, existing ash ponds, and CCR landfills subject to the final rule at eight
different facilities. The enactment of the final rule in April 2015 created a legal obligation for Virginia Power to retrofit or close all of its inactive and existing ash ponds over a certain period of time, as well as perform required
monitoring, corrective action, and post-closure care activities as necessary. In 2015, Virginia Power recorded a $386 million ARO related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs. Recognition of the ARO also resulted in a $99 million
incremental charge recorded in other operations and maintenance expense in its Consolidated Statement of Income, a $166 million increase in property, plant, and
equip-   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 150 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
ment associated with asset retirement costs, and a $121 million reduction in other noncurrent liabilities related to reversal of the contingent liability described above since the ARO obligation
created by the final CCR rule represents similar activities. Virginia Power is in the process of obtaining the necessary permits to complete the work. The actual AROs related to the CCR rule may vary substantially from the estimates used to record
the increased obligation in 2015.    C OVE  P OINT     Dominion is constructing the Liquefaction Project at the Cove Point facility, which would enable the facility to liquefy domestically-produced natural gas and export it as LNG. In September 2014, FERC
issued an order granting authorization for Cove Point to construct, modify and operate the Liquefaction Project. In October 2014, several parties filed a motion with FERC to stay the order and requested rehearing. In May 2015, FERC denied the
requests for stay and rehearing.    Two parties have separately filed petitions for review of the FERC order in the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, which petitions have been consolidated. Separately, one party requested a stay of the FERC order until the judicial proceedings are complete, which the court denied in June 2015.  
 In May 2014, the Maryland Commission granted the CPCN authorizing the construction of a generating station in connection with the
Liquefaction Project. The CPCN obligates Cove Point to make payments totaling $48 million. These payments consist of $40 million to the Strategic Energy Investments Fund over a five-year period beginning in 2015 and $8 million to Maryland low income
energy assistance programs over a twenty-year period expected to begin in 2018. In December 2014, upon receipt of applicable approvals to commence construction of the generating station, Dominion recorded the present value of the obligation as an
increase to property, plant and equipment and a corresponding liability.    In June 2014, a party filed a notice of petition for
judicial review of the CPCN with the Circuit Court for Baltimore City in Maryland. In September 2014, the party filed with the Maryland Commission a motion to stay the CPCN pending judicial review of the CPCN. In December 2014, the Circuit
Court issued an order affirming the Maryland Commission’s grant of the CPCN and dismissing the appeal, and the motion for stay was denied by the Maryland Commission. In January 2015, the same party filed a Notice of Appeal of the Baltimore
Circuit Court’s Order affirming the Maryland Commission’s grant of the CPCN with the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland. In February 2016, the Court of Special Appeals of Maryland issued an order affirming the judgment of the Circuit
Court for Baltimore City in Maryland which affirmed the decision of the Maryland Commission granting the CPCN.    Nuclear Matters  
 In March 2011, a magnitude 9.0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami caused significant damage at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station in northeast
Japan. These events have resulted in significant nuclear safety reviews required by the NRC and industry groups such as INPO. Like other U.S. nuclear operators, Dominion has been gathering supporting data and participating in industry initiatives
focused on the ability to respond to
 

  
and mitigate the consequences of design-basis and beyond-design-basis events at its stations.    In July 2011, an NRC task force provided initial recommendations based on its review of the Fukushima Daiichi accident and in October 2011 the NRC staff prioritized these recommendations into Tiers 1, 2
and 3, with the Tier 1 recommendations consisting of actions which the staff determined should be started without unnecessary delay. In December 2011, the NRC Commissioners approved the agency staff’s prioritization and recommendations, and
that same month an appropriations act directed the NRC to require reevaluation of external hazards (not limited to seismic and flooding hazards) as soon as possible.    Based on the prioritized recommendations, in March 2012, the NRC issued orders and information requests requiring specific reviews and actions to all operating reactors, construction permit holders and
combined license holders based on the lessons learned from the Fukushima Daiichi event. The orders applicable to Dominion requiring implementation of safety enhancements related to mitigation strategies to respond to extreme natural events resulting
in the loss of power at plants, and enhancing spent fuel pool instrumentation have been implemented. The information requests issued by the NRC request each reactor to reevaluate the seismic and external flooding hazards at their site using
present-day methods and information, conduct walkdowns of their facilities to ensure protection against the hazards in their current design basis, and to reevaluate their emergency communications systems and staffing levels. The walkdowns of each
unit have been completed, audited by the NRC and found to be adequate. Reevaluation of the seismic and external flooding hazards is expected to continue through 2018. Dominion and Virginia Power do not currently expect that compliance with the
NRC’s information requests will materially impact their financial position, results of operations or cash flows during the implementation period. The NRC staff is evaluating the implementation of the longer term Tier 2 and Tier 3
recommendations. Dominion and Virginia Power are currently unable to estimate the potential financial impacts related to compliance with Tier 2 and Tier 3 recommendations.    Nuclear Operations    N UCLEAR 
D ECOMMISSIONING —M INIMUM  F INANCIAL  A SSURANCE     The NRC requires nuclear
power plant owners to annually update minimum financial assurance amounts for the future decommissioning of their nuclear facilities. Decommissioning involves the decontamination and removal of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear power station
once operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established by the NRC. The 2015 calculation for the NRC minimum financial assurance amount, aggregated for Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear units, excluding joint
owners’ assurance amounts and Millstone Unit 1 and Kewaunee, as those units are in a decommissioning state, was $2.9 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, and has been satisfied by a combination of the funds being collected and deposited in
the nuclear decommissioning trusts and the real annual rate of return growth of the funds allowed by the NRC. The 2015 NRC minimum financial assurance amounts above were calculated using preliminary December 31, 2015 U.S. Bureau of Labor
Statistics indices. Dominion believes that the    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 151 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  
amounts currently available in its decommissioning trusts and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs for the Millstone and Kewaunee units. Virginia
Power also believes that the decommissioning funds and their expected earnings for the Surry and North Anna units will be sufficient to cover decommissioning costs, particularly when combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions to
these decommissioning trusts, if such future collections and contributions are required. This reflects a positive long-term outlook for trust fund investment returns as the decommissioning of the units will not be complete for decades. Dominion and
Virginia Power will continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC minimum financial assurance requirement, which may include, if needed, the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial instruments recognized by
the NRC. See Note 9 for additional information on nuclear decommissioning trust investments.    N UCLEAR 
I NSURANCE     The Price-Anderson Amendments Act of 1988 provides the public up to $13.5 billion of liability protection per
nuclear incident, via obligations required of owners of nuclear power plants, and allows for an inflationary provision adjustment every five years. Dominion and Virginia Power have purchased $375 million of coverage from commercial insurance pools
for each reactor site with the remainder provided through a mandatory industry retrospective rating plan. In the event of a nuclear incident at any licensed nuclear reactor in the U.S., the Companies could be assessed up to $127 million for each of
their licensed reactors not to exceed $19 million per year per reactor. There is no limit to the number of incidents for which this retrospective premium can be assessed. However, the NRC granted an exemption in March 2015 to remove Kewaunee from
the Secondary Financial Protection program.    The current levels of nuclear property insurance coverage for Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s nuclear units is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Coverage 
   
 
 (billions) 
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 
 
 
 
   Millstone 
    
 $ 
 1.70 
    
 
   Kewaunee 
    
   
 1.06 
    
 
   Virginia Power (1) 
    
 
 
 
 
   Surry 
    
 $ 
 1.70 
    
 
   North Anna 
    
   
 1.70 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Surry and North Anna share a blanket property limit of $200 million.    Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear property insurance coverage for Millstone, Surry and North Anna exceeds the NRC minimum requirement for nuclear power plant licensees of $1.06 billion per
reactor site. Kewaunee meets the NRC minimum requirement of $1.06 billion. This includes coverage for premature decommissioning and functional total loss. The NRC requires that the proceeds from this insurance be used first, to return the reactor to
and maintain it in a safe and stable condition and second, to decontaminate the reactor and station site in accordance with a plan approved by the NRC. Nuclear property insurance is provided by NEIL, a mutual insurance company, and is subject to
retrospective premium assessments in any policy year in which losses exceed the funds available to the insurance company. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s maximum retrospective
 

  
premium assessment for the current policy period is $84 million and $48 million, respectively. Based on the severity of the incident, the Board of Directors of the nuclear insurer has the
discretion to lower or eliminate the maximum retrospective premium assessment. Dominion and Virginia Power have the financial responsibility for any losses that exceed the limits or for which insurance proceeds are not available because they must
first be used for stabilization and decontamination.    Millstone and Virginia Power also purchase accidental outage insurance
from NEIL to mitigate certain expenses, including replacement power costs, associated with the prolonged outage of a nuclear unit due to direct physical damage. Under this program, Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to a retrospective premium
assessment for any policy year in which losses exceed funds available to NEIL. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s maximum retrospective premium assessment for the current policy period is $23 million and $10 million, respectively.  
 ODEC, a part owner of North Anna, and Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain, part owners of Millstone’s Unit 3, are responsible
to Dominion and Virginia Power for their share of the nuclear decommissioning obligation and insurance premiums on applicable units, including any retrospective premium assessments and any losses not covered by insurance.  
 S PENT  N UCLEAR  F UEL     Dominion and Virginia Power entered into contracts with the DOE for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel under provisions of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982. The DOE failed to begin accepting the spent
fuel on January 31, 1998, the date provided by the Nuclear Waste Policy Act and by Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s contracts with the DOE. Dominion and Virginia Power have previously received damages award payments and settlement
payments related to these contracts.    In 2012, Dominion and Virginia Power resolved additional claims for damages incurred at
Millstone, Kewaunee, Surry and North Anna with the Authorized Representative of the Attorney General. Dominion and Virginia Power entered into settlement agreements that resolved claims for damages incurred through December 31, 2010, and also
provided for periodic payments after that date for damages incurred through December 31, 2013.    By mutual agreement of the
parties, the settlement agreements are extendable to provide for resolution of damages incurred after 2013. The settlement agreements for the Surry, North Anna and Millstone plants have been extended to provide for periodic payments for damages
incurred through December 31, 2016. Possible extension of the Kewaunee settlement agreement is being evaluated.    In 2015,
Virginia Power and Dominion received payments of $8 million for resolution of claims incurred at North Anna and Surry for the period of January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2013, and $17 million for resolution of claims incurred at
Millstone for the period of July 1, 2013 through June 30, 2014.    In 2014, Virginia Power and Dominion received
payments of $27 million for the resolution of claims incurred at North Anna and Surry for the period January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2012 and $17 million for the resolution of claims incurred at Millstone for the period of
July 1, 2012 through June 30, 2013. In 2014, Dominion also received payments totaling $7 million for the resolution of claims incurred at Kewaunee for periods from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2013.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 152 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Dominion and Virginia Power continue to recognize receivables for certain spent nuclear
fuel-related costs that they believe are probable of recovery from the DOE. Dominion’s receivables for spent nuclear fuel-related costs totaled $87 million and $69 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Virginia Power’s
receivables for spent nuclear fuel-related costs totaled $54 million and $41 million at December 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.    Pursuant to a November 2013 decision of the U.S Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, in January 2014 the Secretary of the DOE sent a recommendation to the U.S. Congress to adjust to zero the current fee
of $1 per MWh for electricity paid by civilian nuclear power generators for disposal of spent nuclear fuel. The processes specified in the Nuclear Waste Policy Act for adjustment of the fee have been completed, and as of May 2014, Dominion and
Virginia Power are no longer required to pay the waste fee. In 2014, Dominion and Virginia Power recognized fees of $16 million and $10 million, respectively.    Dominion and Virginia Power will continue to manage their spent fuel until it is accepted by the DOE.  
 Long-Term Purchase Agreements    At
December 31, 2015, Virginia Power had the following long-term commitments that are noncancelable or are cancelable only under certain conditions, and that third parties have used to secure financing for the facilities that will provide the
contracted goods or services:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
 2016 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2018 
   
   
 2019 
   
   
 2020 
   
   
 Thereafter 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Purchased electric
capacity (1) 
   
 $ 
 249 
    
   
 $ 
 157 
    
   
 $ 
 104 
    
   
 $ 
 65 
    
   
 $ 
 52 
    
   
 $ 
 46 
    
   
 $ 
 673 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Commitments represent estimated amounts payable for capacity under power purchase contracts with qualifying facilities and independent power producers, the last of
which ends in 2021. Capacity payments under the contracts are generally based on fixed dollar amounts per month, subject to escalation using broad-based economic indices. At December 31, 2015, the present value of Virginia Power’s
total commitment for capacity payments is $577 million. Capacity payments totaled $305 million, $330 million, and $345 million, and energy payments totaled $198 million, $304 million, and $236 million for the years ended 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.  
  Lease Commitments    The Companies’ lease various facilities, vehicles and equipment primarily under operating leases. Payments under certain leases are escalated based on an index such as the consumer price index.
Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating and capital leases that have initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2015 are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2020 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   
    
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Dominion 
    
 $ 
 67 
    
    
 $ 
 62 
    
    
 $ 
 54 
    
    
 $ 
 43 
    
    
 $ 
 25 
    
    
 $ 
 153 
    
    
 $ 
 404 
    
 
   Virginia Power 
    
 $ 
 30 
    
    
 $ 
 27 
    
    
 $ 
 23 
    
    
 $ 
 17 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 27 
    
    
 $ 
 138 
    
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 $ 
 26 
    
    
 $ 
 25 
    
    
 $ 
 23 
    
    
 $ 
 18 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
    
 $ 
 19 
    
    
 $ 
 117 
    
   Rental expense for Dominion totaled $99 million, $92 million, and $101 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. Rental expense for Virginia Power totaled $51 million, $43 million, and $42 million for 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. Rental expense for Dominion Gas totaled $37 million, $35 million and $15 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. The majority of rental expense is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  
 Guarantees, Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit    At
December 31, 2015, Dominion had issued $74 million of guarantees, primarily to support equity method investees. No significant amounts related to these guarantees have been recorded. As of December 31, 2015, Dominion’s
exposure under these guarantees was $39 million, primarily related to certain reserve requirements associated with non-recourse financing.    Dominion also enters into guarantee arrangements on behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries, primarily to facilitate their commercial transactions with third parties. To the extent that a liability
subject to a guarantee has been incurred by one of Dominion’s consolidated subsidiaries, that liability is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Dominion is not required to recognize liabilities for guarantees issued on behalf of
its subsidiaries unless it becomes probable that it will have to perform under the guarantees. Terms of the guarantees typically end once obligations have been paid. Dominion currently believes it is unlikely that it would be required to perform or
otherwise incur any losses associated with guarantees of its subsidiaries’ obligations.    At December 31, 2015,
Dominion had issued the following subsidiary guarantees:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Stated Limit 
   
    
 Value (1) 
 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Subsidiary debt (2) 
    
 $ 
 27 
    
    
 $ 
 27 
    
 
   Commodity transactions (3) 
    
   
 2,371 
    
    
   
 932 
    
 
   Nuclear obligations (4) 
    
   
 184 
    
    
   
 75 
    
 
   Cove Point (5) 
    
   
 1,910 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Solar (6) 
    
   
 1,555 
    
    
   
 647 
    
 
   Other (7) 

    
   
 515 
    
    
   
 31 
    
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 6,562 
    
    
 $ 
 1,712 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents the estimated portion of the guarantee’s stated limit that is utilized as of December 31, 2015 based upon prevailing economic conditions
and fact patterns specific to each guarantee arrangement. For those guarantees related to obligations that are recorded as liabilities by Dominion’s subsidiaries, the value includes the recorded amount.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 153 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 

 
 
 (2) 
 Guarantee of debt of a DEI subsidiary. In the event of default by the subsidiary, Dominion would be obligated to repay such amounts.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Guarantees related to commodity commitments of certain subsidiaries, including subsidiaries of Virginia Power, Dominion Gas and DEI. These guarantees were provided
to counterparties in order to facilitate physical and financial transactions in gas, oil, electricity, pipeline capacity, transportation and related commodities and services. If any of these subsidiaries fail to perform or pay under the contracts
and the counterparties seek performance or payment, Dominion would be obligated to satisfy such obligation. Dominion and its subsidiaries receive similar guarantees as collateral for credit extended to others. The value provided includes certain
guarantees that do not have stated limits.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Guarantees related to certain DEI subsidiaries’ potential retrospective premiums that could be assessed if there is a nuclear incident under Dominion’s
nuclear insurance programs and guarantees for a DEI subsidiary’s and Virginia Power’s commitment to buy nuclear fuel. Excludes Dominion’s agreement to provide up to $150 million and $60 million to two DEI subsidiaries to pay the
operating expenses of Millstone (in the event of a prolonged outage) and Kewaunee, respectively, as part of satisfying certain NRC requirements concerned with ensuring adequate funding for the operations of nuclear power stations. The agreement for
Kewaunee also provides for funds through the completion of decommissioning.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Guarantees related to Cove Point, in support of terminal services, transportation and construction. Two of the guarantees have no stated limit, one guarantee has a
$150 million limit, and one guarantee has a $1.75 billion aggregate limit with an annual draw limit of $175 million.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Includes guarantees to facilitate the development of solar projects including guarantees that do not have stated limits. Also includes guarantees entered into by DEI
on behalf of certain subsidiaries to facilitate the acquisition and development of solar projects.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Guarantees related to other miscellaneous contractual obligations such as leases, environmental obligations and construction projects. Also includes guarantees
related to certain DEI subsidiaries’ obligations for equity capital contributions and energy generation associated with Fowler Ridge and NedPower. As of December 31, 2015, Dominion’s maximum remaining cumulative exposure under these
equity funding agreements is $55 million through 2019 and its maximum annual future contributions could range from approximately $4 million to $19 million. The value provided includes certain guarantees that do not have stated limits.
   Additionally, at December 31, 2015, Dominion had purchased $92 million of surety bonds, including $34
million at Virginia Power and $23 million at Dominion Gas, and authorized the issuance of letters of credit by financial institutions of $59 million to facilitate commercial transactions by its subsidiaries with third parties. Under the terms of
surety bonds, the Companies are obligated to indemnify the respective surety bond company for any amounts paid.    As of
December 31, 2015, Virginia Power had issued $14 million of guarantees primarily to support tax-exempt debt issued through conduits. The related debt matures in 2031 and is included in long-term debt in Virginia Power’s Consolidated
Balance Sheets. In the event of default by a conduit, Virginia Power would be obligated to repay such amounts, which are limited to the principal and interest then outstanding.    Indemnifications    As part of commercial contract negotiations in the normal course of business, the
Companies may sometimes agree to make payments to compensate or indemnify other parties for possible future unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. The specified events may involve an adverse judgment in a lawsuit or the
imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or interpretation of the tax law. The Companies are unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of any other future payments under these contracts because events that
 

  
would obligate them have not yet occurred or, if any such event has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence. However, at December 31, 2015, the Companies believe any
other future payments, if any, that could ultimately become payable under these contract provisions, would not have a material impact on their results of operations, cash flows or financial position.  
       
  N OTE  23. C REDIT  R ISK   
  Credit risk is the risk of financial loss if counterparties fail to perform their contractual obligations. In order to minimize overall
credit risk, credit policies are maintained, including the evaluation of counterparty financial condition, collateral requirements and the use of standardized agreements that facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with a single
counterparty. In addition, counterparties may make available collateral, including letters of credit or cash held as margin deposits, as a result of exceeding agreed-upon credit limits, or may be required to prepay the transaction.  
 The Companies maintain a provision for credit losses based on factors surrounding the credit risk of their customers, historical trends
and other information. Management believes, based on credit policies and the December 31, 2015 provision for credit losses, that it is unlikely that a material adverse effect on financial position, results of operations or cash flows would
occur as a result of counterparty nonperformance.    G ENERAL     D OMINION     As a diversified energy company, Dominion transacts primarily with major
companies in the energy industry and with commercial and residential energy consumers. These transactions principally occur in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions of the U.S. Dominion does not believe that this geographic concentration
contributes significantly to its overall exposure to credit risk. In addition, as a result of its large and diverse customer base, Dominion is not exposed to a significant concentration of credit risk for receivables arising from electric and gas
utility operations.    Dominion’s exposure to credit risk is concentrated primarily within its energy marketing and price
risk management activities, as Dominion transacts with a smaller, less diverse group of counterparties and transactions may involve large notional volumes and potentially volatile commodity prices. Energy marketing and price risk management
activities include marketing of merchant generation output, structured transactions and the use of financial contracts for enterprise-wide hedging purposes. Gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus
any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual netting rights. Gross credit exposure is calculated prior to the application of any collateral. At December 31, 2015, Dominion’s credit exposure totaled
$149 million. Of this amount, investment grade counterparties, including those internally rated, represented 79%, and no single counterparty, whether investment grade or non-investment grade, exceeded $31 million of exposure.  
 V IRGINIA  P OWER   
 Virginia Power sells electricity and provides distribution and transmission services to customers in Virginia and northeastern
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 154 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  
North Carolina. Management believes that this geographic concentration risk is mitigated by the diversity of Virginia Power’s customer base, which includes residential, commercial and
industrial customers, as well as rural electric cooperatives and municipalities. Credit risk associated with trade accounts receivable from energy consumers is limited due to the large number of customers. Virginia Power’s exposure to potential
concentrations of credit risk results primarily from sales to wholesale customers. Virginia Power’s gross credit exposure for each counterparty is calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or off-balance sheet exposure,
taking into account contractual netting rights. Gross credit exposure is calculated prior to the application of collateral. At December 31, 2015, Virginia Power’s exposure to potential concentrations of credit risk was not considered
material.    D OMINION  G AS     Dominion Gas transacts mainly with major companies in the energy industry and with residential and commercial energy consumers. These transactions principally occur in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and
Midwest regions of the U.S. Dominion Gas does not believe that this geographic concentration contributes to its overall exposure to credit risk. In addition, as a result of its large and diverse customer base, Dominion Gas is not exposed to a
significant concentration of credit risk for receivables arising from gas utility operations.    In 2015, DTI provided service to
266 customers with approximately 94% of its storage and transportation revenue being provided through firm services. The ten largest customers provided approximately 42% of the total storage and transportation revenue and the thirty largest provided
approximately 72% of the total storage and transportation revenue.    East Ohio distributes natural gas to residential,
commercial and industrial customers in Ohio using rates established by the Ohio Commission. Approximately 98% of East Ohio revenues are derived from its regulated gas distribution services. East Ohio’s bad debt risk is mitigated by the
regulatory framework established by the Ohio Commission. See Note 13 for further information about Ohio’s PIPP and UEX Riders that mitigate East Ohio’s overall credit risk.    C REDIT -R ELATED  C ONTINGENT  P ROVISIONS     The majority of Dominion’s derivative instruments contain credit-related contingent provisions. These provisions require Dominion to provide collateral upon the occurrence of specific events,
primarily a credit downgrade. If the credit-related contingent features underlying these instruments that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash were fully triggered as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, Dominion would
have been required to post an additional $12 million and $20 million, respectively, of collateral to its counterparties. The collateral that would be required to be posted includes the impacts of any offsetting asset positions and any amounts
already posted for derivatives, non-derivative contracts and derivatives elected under the normal purchases and normal sales exception, per contractual terms. Dominion had posted no collateral at December 31, 2015 and $1 million in collateral
at December 31, 2014, related to derivatives with credit-related contingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash. The
 

  
collateral posted includes any amounts paid related to non-derivative contracts and derivatives elected under the normal purchases and normal sales exception, per contractual terms. The aggregate
fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-related contingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateralized with cash as of December 31, 2015 and 2014 was $49 million, which does not include the impact of
any offsetting asset positions. Credit-related contingent provisions for Virginia Power and Dominion Gas were not material as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. See Note 7 for further information about derivative instruments.  
       
  N OTE  24. R ELATED - PARTY  T RANSACTIONS   
  Virginia Power and Dominion Gas engage in related party transactions primarily with other Dominion subsidiaries (affiliates). Virginia
Power’s and Dominion Gas’ receivable and payable balances with affiliates are settled based on contractual terms or on a monthly basis, depending on the nature of the underlying transactions. Virginia Power and Dominion Gas are included in
Dominion’s consolidated federal income tax return. See Note 2 for further information. Dominion’s transactions with equity method investments are described in Note 9. A discussion of significant related party transactions follows.
   V IRGINIA  P OWER   
 Transactions with Affiliates    Virginia Power
transacts with affiliates for certain quantities of natural gas and other commodities in the ordinary course of business. Virginia Power also enters into certain commodity derivative contracts with affiliates. Virginia Power uses these contracts,
which are principally comprised of commodity swaps, to manage commodity price risks associated with purchases of natural gas. See Notes 7 and 19 for more information. As of December 31, 2015, Virginia Power’s derivative assets and liabilities
with affiliates were $13 million and $22 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2014, Virginia Power’s derivative assets and liabilities with affiliates were not material.  
 Virginia Power participates in certain Dominion benefit plans as described in Note 21. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, Virginia
Power’s amounts due to Dominion associated with the Dominion Pension Plan and reflected in noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were $316 million and $219 million, respectively. At
December 31, 2015 and 2014, Virginia Power’s amounts due from Dominion associated with the Dominion Retiree Health and Welfare Plan and reflected in other deferred charges and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were $77
million and $37 million, respectively.    DRS and other affiliates provide accounting, legal, finance and certain administrative
and technical services to Virginia Power. In addition, Virginia Power provides certain services to affiliates, including charges for facilities and equipment usage.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 155 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
 
  Presented below are significant transactions with DRS and other affiliates:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Commodity purchases from affiliates 
    
 $ 
 555 
    
    
 $ 
 543 
    
    
 $ 
 417 
    
 
   Services provided by affiliates (1) 
    
   
 422 
    
    
   
 432 
    
    
   
 415 
    
 
   Services provided to affiliates 
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 21 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes capitalized expenditures.    Virginia Power has borrowed funds from Dominion under short-term borrowing arrangements. There were $376 million and $427 million in short-term demand note borrowings from Dominion as of December 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively. Virginia Power had no outstanding borrowings, net of repayments under the Dominion money pool for its nonregulated subsidiaries as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. Interest charges related to Virginia Power’s
borrowings from Dominion were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.    There were no issuances of
Virginia Power’s common stock to Dominion in 2015, 2014 or 2013.    D OMINION  G AS   
 Transactions with Related Parties    Dominion Gas
transacts with affiliates for certain quantities of natural gas and other commodities at market prices in the ordinary course of business. Additionally, Dominion Gas provides transportation and storage services to affiliates. Dominion Gas also
enters into certain other contracts with affiliates, which are presented separately from contracts involving commodities or services. As of December 31, 2015 and 2014, all of Dominion Gas’ commodity derivatives were with affiliates. See
Notes 7 and 19 for more information. See Note 9 for information regarding sales of assets to an affiliate.    Dominion Gas
participates in certain Dominion benefit plans as described in Note 21. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, Dominion Gas’ amounts due from Dominion associated with the Dominion Pension Plan and reflected in noncurrent pension and other
postretirement benefit assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were $652 million and $614 million, respectively. At December 31, 2015 and 2014, Dominion Gas’ liabilities to Dominion associated with the Dominion Retiree Health and Welfare
Plan and reflected in other deferred credits and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets were $2 million and $7 million, respectively.
 
  DRS and other affiliates provide accounting, legal, finance and certain administrative and
technical services to Dominion Gas. Dominion Gas provides certain services to related parties, including technical services. The costs of these services follow:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Purchases of natural gas and transportation and storage services from affiliates 
    
 $ 
 10 
    
    
 $ 
 34 
    
    
 $ 
 31 
    
 
   Sales of natural gas and transportation and storage services to affiliates 
    
   
 69 
    
    
   
 84 
    
    
   
 109 
    
 
   Services provided by related parties (1) 
    
   
 133 
    
    
   
 106 
    
    
   
 116 
    
 
   Services provided to related parties (2) 
    
   
 101 
    
    
   
 17 
    
    
   
 4 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes capitalized expenditures.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts primarily attributable to Atlantic Coast Pipeline.    The following table presents affiliated and related party activity reflected in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheets:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 At December 31, 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Other receivables (1) 
    
 $ 
 7 
    
    
 $ 
 17 
    
 
   Customer receivables from related parties 
    
   
 4 
    
    
   
 5 
    
 
   Imbalances receivable from affiliates (2) 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Affiliated notes
receivable (3) 
    
   
 14 
    
    
   
 9 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents amounts due from Atlantic Coast Pipeline, a related party VIE.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts are presented in other current assets in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Amounts are presented in other deferred charges and other assets in Dominion Gas’ Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
 Dominion Gas’ borrowings under the IRCA with Dominion totaled $95 million and $384 million as of December 31, 2015 and 2014,
respectively. Interest charges related to Dominion Gas’ total borrowings from Dominion were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2015 and $4 million and $35 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 156 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
    
  N OTE  25. O PERATING  S EGMENTS   
  The Companies are organized primarily on the basis of products and services sold in the U.S. A description of the operations included
in the Companies’ primary operating segments is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Primary Operating   Segment 
   
 Description of Operations 
   
 Dominion 
   
   Virginia 
 Power 
   
 Dominion Gas 


 
   DVP 
   
   Regulated electric distribution 
   
 X 
   
 X 
   
 
 
   
   
   Regulated electric transmission 
   
 X 
   
 X 
   
   
 
   Dominion Generation 
   
   Regulated electric fleet 
   
 X 
   
 X 
   
 
 
   
   
   Merchant electric fleet 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
 
   Dominion Energy 
   
   Gas transmission and storage 
   
 X (1) 
   
 
   
 X 
 
 
   
   Gas distribution and storage 
   
 X 
   
 
   
 X 
 
 
   
   Gas gathering and processing 
   
 X 
   
 
   
 X 
 
 
   
   LNG import and storage 
   
 X 
   
 
   
 
 
   
   
   Nonregulated retail energy marketing (2) 
   
 X 
   
   
   
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Includes remaining producer services activities.  
 
 
 (2) 
 As a result of Dominion’s decision to realign its business units effective for 2015 year-end reporting, nonregulated retail energy marketing operations were
moved from the Dominion Generation segment to the Dominion Energy segment.    In addition to the operating
segments above, the Companies also report a Corporate and Other segment.    Dominion    The Corporate and Other Segment of Dominion  includes its corporate, service company and other functions (including unallocated debt) and the net impact of operations that are discontinued or sold.
In addition, Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to Dominion’s operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating
resources among the segments.     In March 2014, Dominion exited the electric retail energy marketing business. As a
result, the earnings impact from the electric retail energy marketing business has been included in the Corporate and Other Segment of Dominion for 2014 first quarter results of operations.  
 In the second quarter of 2013, Dominion commenced a restructuring of its producer services business, which aggregates natural gas supply,
engages in natural gas trading and marketing activities and natural gas supply management and provides price risk management services to Dominion affiliates. The restructuring, which was completed in the first quarter of 2014, resulted in the
termination of natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities. As a result, the earnings impact from natural gas trading and certain energy marketing activities has been included in the Corporate and Other Segment of Dominion for 2014.
   In 2015, Dominion reported after-tax net expense of $391 million in the Corporate and Other segment, with $136 million of
these net expenses attributable to specific items related to its operating segments.
 
  The net expenses for specific items in 2015 primarily related to the impact of the
following items:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $99 million ($60 million after-tax) charge related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities,
attributable to Dominion Generation; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   An $85 million ($52 million after-tax) write-off of deferred fuel costs associated with Virginia legislation enacted in February 2015, attributable to
Dominion Generation.    In 2014, Dominion reported after-tax net expense of $970 million in the Corporate and
Other segment, with $544 million of these net expenses attributable to specific items related to its operating segments.    The
net expenses for specific items in 2014 primarily related to the impact of the following items:  
 
 
 • 
   
   $374 million ($248 million after-tax) in charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third
nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities, attributable to Dominion Generation;  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $319 million ($193 million after-tax) net loss related to the producer services business discussed above, attributable to Dominion Energy; and
 
 
 
 • 
   
   A $121 million ($74 million after-tax) charge related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain utility generation
facilities, attributable to Dominion Generation.    In 2013, Dominion reported after-tax net expense of $452
million in the Corporate and Other segment, with $184 million of these net expenses attributable to specific items related to its operating segments.    The net expenses for specific items in 2013 primarily related to the impact of the following items:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $135 million ($92 million after-tax) net loss from discontinued operations of Brayton Point and Kincaid, including debt extinguishment of $64 million
($38 million after-tax) related to the sale, impairment charges of $48 million ($28 million after-tax), a $17 million ($18 million after-tax) loss on the sale which includes a $16 million write-off of goodwill, and a $6 million ($8 million
after-tax) loss from operations, attributable to Dominion Generation; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $182 million ($109 million after-tax) net loss, including a $55 million ($33 million after-tax) impairment charge related to certain natural gas
infrastructure assets and a $127 million ($76 million after-tax) loss related to the producer services business discussed above, attributable to Dominion Energy; partially offset by  
 
 
 • 
   
   An $81 million ($49 million after-tax) net gain on investments held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds, attributable to Dominion Generation.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 157 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  The following table presents segment information pertaining to Dominion’s operations:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 DVP 
   
    
   Dominion 
 Generation (1) 
   
   
   Dominion 
 Energy (1) 
   
    
 
 Corporate and   Other 

   
   
 
 Adjustments &   Eliminations (1) 
   
   
   Consolidated 
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total revenue from external customers 
    
 $ 
 2,091 
    
    
 $ 
 7,001 
    
   
 $ 
 1,877 
    
    
 $ 
 (27 
 )  
   
 $ 
 741 
    
   
 $ 
 11,683 
    
 
   Intersegment revenue 
    
   
 20 
    
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 695 
    
    
   
 554 
    
   
   
 (1,284 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total operating revenue 
    
   
 2,111 
    
    
   
 7,016 
    
   
   
 2,572 
    
    
   
 527 
    
   
   
 (543 
 )  
   
   
 11,683 
    
 
   Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
    
   
 498 
    
    
   
 591 
    
   
   
 262 
    
    
   
 44 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,395 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of equity method investees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 60 
    
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 56 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 64 
    
   
   
 25 
    
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 58 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 230 
    
    
   
 262 
    
   
   
 27 
    
    
   
 429 
    
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
   
 904 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 307 
    
    
   
 465 
    
   
   
 423 
    
    
   
 (290 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 905 
    
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion 
    
   
 490 
    
    
   
 1,120 
    
   
   
 680 
    
    
   
 (391 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,899 
    
 
   Investment in equity method investees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 245 
    
   
   
 1,042 
    
    
   
 33 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,320 
    
 
   Capital expenditures  
    
   
 1,607 
    
    
   
 2,190 
    
   
   
 2,153 
    
    
   
 43 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,993 
    
 
   Total assets (billions) 
    
   
 14.7 
    
    
   
 25.6 
    
   
   
 15.3 
    
    
   
 9.0 
    
   
   
 (5.8 
 )  
   
   
 58.8 
    
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total revenue from external customers 
    
 $ 
 1,918 
    
    
 $ 
 7,135 
    
   
 $ 
 2,446 
    
    
 $ 
 (12 
 )  
   
 $ 
 949 
    
   
 $ 
 12,436 
    
 
   Intersegment revenue 
    
   
 18 
    
    
   
 34 
    
   
   
 880 
    
    
   
 572 
    
   
   
 (1,504 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total operating revenue 
    
   
 1,936 
    
    
   
 7,169 
    
   
   
 3,326 
    
    
   
 560 
    
   
   
 (555 
 )  
   
   
 12,436 
    
 
   Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
    
   
 462 
    
    
   
 514 
    
   
   
 243 
    
    
   
 73 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,292 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of equity method investees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 54 
    
    
   
 10 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 46 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 58 
    
   
   
 23 
    
    
   
 20 
    
   
   
 (33 
 )  
   
   
 68 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 205 
    
    
   
 240 
    
   
   
 11 
    
    
   
 770 
    
   
   
 (33 
 )  
   
   
 1,193 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 317 
    
    
   
 365 
    
   
   
 463 
    
    
   
 (693 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 452 
    
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion 
    
   
 502 
    
    
   
 1,061 
    
   
   
 717 
    
    
   
 (970 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,310 
    
 
   Investment in equity method investees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 262 
    
   
   
 796 
    
    
   
 23 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,081 
    
 
   Capital expenditures  
    
   
 1,652 
    
    
   
 2,466 
    
   
   
 1,329 
    
    
   
 104 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 5,551 
    
 
   Total assets (billions) 
    
   
 13.0 
    
    
   
 23.9 
    
   
   
 13.0 
    
    
   
 8.7 
    
   
   
 (4.3 
 )  
   
   
 54.3 
    
 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total revenue from external customers 
    
 $ 
 1,825 
    
    
 $ 
 6,664 
    
   
 $ 
 3,566 
    
    
 $ 
 3 
    
   
 $ 
 1,062 
    
   
 $ 
 13,120 
    
 
   Intersegment revenue 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 283 
    
   
   
 739 
    
    
   
 609 
    
   
   
 (1,640 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total operating revenue 
    
   
 1,834 
    
    
   
 6,947 
    
   
   
 4,305 
    
    
   
 612 
    
   
   
 (578 
 )  
   
   
 13,120 
    
 
   Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
    
   
 427 
    
    
   
 511 
    
   
   
 235 
    
    
   
 35 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,208 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of equity method investees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 21 
    
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 59 
    
   
   
 19 
    
    
   
 42 
    
   
   
 (66 
 )  
   
   
 54 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 175 
    
    
   
 220 
    
   
   
 26 
    
    
   
 522 
    
   
   
 (66 
 )  
   
   
 877 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 287 
    
    
   
 436 
    
   
   
 456 
    
    
   
 (287 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 892 
    
 
   Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (92 
 )  
 
   Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion 
    
   
 475 
    
    
   
 963 
    
   
   
 711 
    
    
   
 (452 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,697 
    
 
   Capital expenditures  
    
   
 1,361 
    
    
   
 1,605 
    
   
   
 1,043 
    
    
   
 95 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 4,104 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts have been recast to reflect nonregulated retail energy marketing operations in the Dominion Energy segment.  
   
  Intersegment sales and transfers for Dominion are based on contractual arrangements and
may result in intersegment profit or loss that is eliminated in consolidation.    V IRGINIA  P OWER   
 The majority of Virginia Power’s revenue is provided through tariff rates. Generally, such revenue is allocated for management reporting based on an
unbundled rate methodology among Virginia Power’s DVP and Dominion Generation segments.    The Corporate and Other
Segment of Virginia Power  primarily includes specific items attributable to its operating segments that are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing the segments’ performance or allocating resources
among the segments.   
  In 2015, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of $153 million for specific
items attributable to its operating segments in the Corporate and Other segment.    The net expenses for specific items in 2015 primarily related
to the impact of the following:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $99 million ($60 million after-tax) charge related to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility generation facilities,
attributable to Dominion Generation; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   An $85 million ($52 million after-tax) write-off of deferred fuel costs associated with Virginia legislation enacted in February 2015, attributable to
Dominion Generation.    In 2014, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of $342 million for specific
items attributable to its operating segments in the Corporate and Other segment.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 158 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  The net expenses for specific items in 2014 primarily related to the impact of the
following:  
 
 
 • 
   
   $374 million ($248 million after-tax) in charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development of a third
nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities, attributable to Dominion Generation; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $121 million ($74 million after-tax) charge related to a settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain utility generation
facilities, attributable to Dominion Generation.
 
  In 2013, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of $47 million for specific items
attributable to its operating segments in the Corporate and Other segment.    The net expenses for specific items in 2013
primarily related to the impact of the following:  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $40 million ($28 million after-tax) charge in connection with the 2013 Biennial Review Order, attributable to Dominion Generation.
   
      The following table
presents segment information pertaining to Virginia Power’s operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 DVP 
   
    
   Dominion 
 Generation 
   
    
   Corporate and 
 Other 
   
   
   Adjustments & 
 Eliminations 
   
   
   Consolidated 
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 2,099 
    
    
 $ 
 5,566 
    
    
 $ 
 (43 
 )  
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 7,622 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 498 
    
    
   
 453 
    
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 953 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 230 
    
    
   
 210 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 443 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 308 
    
    
   
 437 
    
    
   
 (86 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 659 
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
   
 490 
    
    
   
 750 
    
    
   
 (153 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1,087 
    
 
   Capital expenditures  
    
   
 1,569 
    
    
   
 1,120 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2,689 
    
 
   Total assets (billions) 
    
   
 14.7 
    
    
   
 17.0 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 31.6 
    
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,928 
    
    
 $ 
 5,651 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 7,579 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 462 
    
    
   
 416 
    
    
   
 37 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 915 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 205 
    
    
   
 203 
    
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 411 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 317 
    
    
   
 416 
    
    
   
 (185 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 548 
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
   
 509 
    
    
   
 691 
    
    
   
 (342 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 858 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 1,651 
    
    
   
 1,456 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 3,107 
    
 
   Total assets (billions) 
    
   
 13.2 
    
    
   
 16.4 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (0.1 
 )  
   
   
 29.5 
    
 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,826 
    
    
 $ 
 5,475 
    
    
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 7,295 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 427 
    
    
   
 425 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 853 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 175 
    
    
   
 192 
    
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 369 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 286 
    
    
   
 399 
    
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 659 
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
   
 483 
    
    
   
 702 
    
    
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,138 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 1,360 
    
    
   
 1,173 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 2,533 
    
 
   
  D OMINION  G AS     The Corporate and Other Segment of Dominion Gas  primarily includes specific items attributable to Dominion Gas’ operating segment that are not included in profit measures evaluated by
executive management in assessing the segment’s performance and the effect of certain items recorded at Dominion Gas as a result of Dominion’s basis in the net assets contributed.   
 In 2015, Dominion Gas reported after-tax net expenses of $21 million in its Corporate and Other segment, with $13 million of these net
expenses attributable to specific items related to its operating segment.    The net expenses for specific items in 2015
primarily related to the impact of the following:  
 
 
 • 
   
   $16 million ($10 million after-tax) ceiling test impairment charge.
 
  In 2014, Dominion Gas reported after-tax net expenses of $9 million in its Corporate and
Other segment, with none of these net expenses attributable to specific items related to its operating segment.    In 2013,
Dominion Gas reported after-tax net expenses of $49 million in the Corporate and Other segment, with $41 million of these net expenses attributable to specific items related to its operating segment.  
 The net expenses for specific items in 2013 primarily related to the impact of the following:  
 
 
 • 
   
   $55 million ($33 million after-tax) of impairment charges related to certain natural gas infrastructure assets; and  
 
 
 • 
   
   A $14 million ($8 million after-tax) charge primarily reflecting severance pay and other benefits related to workforce reductions.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 159 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  
   

        
  The following table presents segment information pertaining to Dominion Gas’
operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 
    
 Dominion Energy 
   
    
   Corporate and 
 Other 
   
   
   Consolidated 
 Total 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,716 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,716 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 213 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 217 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of equity method investees 
    
   
 23 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 23 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 72 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 73 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 296 
    
    
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 283 
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
   
 478 
    
    
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 457 
    
 
   Investment in equity method investees 
    
   
 102 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 102 
    
 
   Capital expenditures  
    
   
 795 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 795 
    
 
   Total assets (billions) 
    
   
 9.7 
    
    
   
 0.6 
    
   
   
 10.3 
    
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,898 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,898 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 197 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 197 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of equity method investees 
    
   
 21 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 21 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 340 
    
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 334 
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
   
 521 
    
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 512 
    
 
   Investment in equity method investees 
    
   
 107 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 107 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 719 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 719 
    
 
   Total assets (billions) 
    
   
 9.2 
    
    
   
 0.6 
    
   
   
 9.8 
    
 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,937 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 1,937 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 188 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 188 
    
 
   Equity in earnings of equity method investees 
    
   
 22 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 22 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 2 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Interest and related charges 
    
   
 28 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 28 
    
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 333 
    
    
   
 (32 
 )  
   
   
 301 
    
 
   Net income (loss) 
    
   
 510 
    
    
   
 (49 
 )  
   
   
 461 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 650 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 650 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 160 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 

  N OTE  26. Q UARTERLY  F INANCIAL   AND  C OMMON  S TOCK 
D ATA  (U NAUDITED )  
  A summary of the Companies’ quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 follows.
Amounts reflect all adjustments necessary in the opinion of management for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods. Results for interim periods may fluctuate as a result of weather conditions, changes in rates and other factors.
   D OMINION       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
   First 
 Quarter 
   
   
   Second 
 Quarter 
   
   
   Third 
 Quarter 
   
   
   Fourth 
 Quarter 
   
   
 Year 
   
 
 (millions, except per share amounts) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 2015 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Operating revenue 
   
 $ 
 3,409 
    
   
 $ 
 2,747 
    
   
 $ 
 2,971 
    
   
 $ 
 2,556 
    
   
 $ 
 11,683 
    
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 1,002 
    
   
   
 773 
    
   
   
 1,123 
    
   
   
 638 
    
   
   
 3,536 
    
 
   Net income including noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 540 
    
   
   
 418 
    
   
   
 599 
    
   
   
 366 
    
   
   
 1,923 
    
 
   Income from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 536 
    
   
   
 413 
    
   
   
 593 
    
   
   
 357 
    
   
   
 1,899 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
   
   
 536 
    
   
   
 413 
    
   
   
 593 
    
   
   
 357 
    
   
   
 1,899 
    
 
   Basic EPS: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 0.91 
    
   
   
 0.70 
    
   
   
 1.00 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 3.21 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
   
   
 0.91 
    
   
   
 0.70 
    
   
   
 1.00 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 3.21 
    
 
   Diluted EPS: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 0.91 
    
   
   
 0.70 
    
   
   
 1.00 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 3.20 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
   
   
 0.91 
    
   
   
 0.70 
    
   
   
 1.00 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 3.20 
    
 
   Dividends declared per share 
   
   
 0.6475 
    
   
   
 0.6475 
    
   
   
 0.6475 
    
   
   
 0.6475 
    
   
   
 2.5900 
    
 
   Common stock prices (intraday high-low) 
   
 $   
 79.89 - 68.25 
      
   
 $   
 74.34 - 66.52 
      
   
 $   
 76.59 - 66.65 
      
   
 $   
 74.88 - 64.54 
      
   
 $   
 79.89 - 64.54 
      
 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     
   
   First 
 Quarter 
   
   
   Second 
 Quarter 
   
   
   Third 
 Quarter 
   
   
   Fourth 
 Quarter 
   
   
 Year 
   
 
 (millions, except per share amounts) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
   
 $ 
 3,630 
    
   
 $ 
 2,813 
    
   
 $ 
 3,050 
    
   
 $ 
 2,943 
    
   
 $ 
 12,436 
    
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 768 
    
   
   
 394 
    
   
   
 921 
    
   
   
 638 
    
   
   
 2,721 
    
 
   Net income including noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 385 
    
   
   
 161 
    
   
   
 531 
    
   
   
 249 
    
   
   
 1,326 
    
 
   Income from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 379 
    
   
   
 159 
    
   
   
 529 
    
   
   
 243 
    
   
   
 1,310 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
   
   
 379 
    
   
   
 159 
    
   
   
 529 
    
   
   
 243 
    
   
   
 1,310 
    
 
   Basic EPS: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.27 
    
   
   
 0.91 
    
   
   
 0.42 
    
   
   
 2.25 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.27 
    
   
   
 0.91 
    
   
   
 0.42 
    
   
   
 2.25 
    
 
   Diluted EPS: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations (1) 
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.27 
    
   
   
 0.90 
    
   
   
 0.42 
    
   
   
 2.24 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Dominion 
   
   
 0.65 
    
   
   
 0.27 
    
   
   
 0.90 
    
   
   
 0.42 
    
   
   
 2.24 
    
 
   Dividends declared per share 
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 0.60 
    
   
   
 2.40 
    
 
   Common stock prices (intraday high-low) 
   
 $     
 72.22 - 
 63.14 
         
   
 $     
 73.75 - 
 67.06 
         
   
 $   
 71.62 - 64.71 
       
   
 $     
 80.89 - 
 65.53 
         
   
 $     
 80.89 - 
 63.14 
    
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amounts attributable to Dominion’s common shareholders.    There were no significant items impacting Dominion’s 2015 quarterly results.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 161 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Dominion’s 2014 results include the impact of the following significant items:
 
 
 
 • 
   
   Fourth quarter results include $172 million in after-tax charges associated with the Liability Management Exercise in 2014 and $74 million in after-tax
costs related to Virginia Power’s settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs at certain utility generation facilities.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Second quarter results include $191 million in after-tax charges associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development
of a third nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities.  
 
 
 • 
   
   First quarter results include a $193 million after-tax reduction in revenues associated with the repositioning of Dominion’s producer services
business which was completed in the first quarter of 2014.    V IRGINIA  P OWER   
 Virginia Power’s quarterly results of operations were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   First 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Second 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Third 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Fourth 
 Quarter 
   
    
 Year 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 2,137 
    
    
 $ 
 1,813 
    
    
 $ 
 2,058 
    
    
 $ 
 1,614 
    
    
 $ 
 7,622 
    
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 525 
    
    
   
 481 
    
    
   
 741 
    
    
   
 374 
    
    
   
 2,121 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 269 
    
    
   
 246 
    
    
   
 385 
    
    
   
 187 
    
    
   
 1,087 
    
 
   Balance available for common stock 
    
   
 269 
    
    
   
 246 
    
    
   
 385 
    
    
   
 187 
    
    
   
 1,087 
    
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,983 
    
    
 $ 
 1,729 
    
    
 $ 
 2,053 
    
    
 $ 
 1,814 
    
    
 $ 
 7,579 
    
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 613 
    
    
   
 205 
    
    
   
 594 
    
    
   
 312 
    
    
   
 1,724 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 324 
    
    
   
 69 
    
    
   
 314 
    
    
   
 151 
    
    
   
 858 
    
 
   Balance available for common stock 
    
   
 318 
    
    
   
 67 
    
    
   
 312 
    
    
   
 148 
    
    
   
 845 
    
   Virginia Power’s 2015 results include the impact of the following significant items:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Fourth quarter results include a $32 million after-tax charge related to incremental future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility
generation facilities.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Second quarter results include a $28 million after-tax charge related to incremental future ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain utility
generation facilities due to the enactment of the final CCR rule in April 2015.
 

 
 
 • 
   
   First quarter results include a $52 million after-tax write-off of deferred fuel costs associated with Virginia legislation enacted in February 2015.
   Virginia Power’s 2014 results include the impact of the following significant items:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Fourth quarter results include $74 million in after-tax costs related to Virginia Power’s settlement offer to incur future ash pond closure costs
at certain utility generation facilities.  
 
 
 • 
   
   Second quarter results include a $191 million after-tax charge associated with Virginia legislation enacted in April 2014 relating to the development
of a third nuclear unit located at North Anna and offshore wind facilities.    D OMINION  G AS 
   Dominion Gas’ quarterly results of operations were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   First 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Second 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Third 
 Quarter 
   
    
   Fourth 
 Quarter 
   
    
 Year 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 531 
    
    
 $ 
 395 
    
    
 $ 
 365 
    
    
 $ 
 425 
    
    
 $ 
 1,716 
    
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 271 
    
    
   
 153 
    
    
   
 202 
    
    
   
 163 
    
    
   
 789 
    
 
 Net income 
    
 161 
   
    
 85 
   
    
 111 
   
    
 100 
   
    
 457 
   
 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating revenue 
    
 $ 
 569 
    
    
 $ 
 428 
    
    
 $ 
 391 
    
    
 $ 
 510 
    
    
 $ 
 1,898 
    
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 265 
    
    
   
 154 
    
    
   
 177 
    
    
   
 255 
    
    
   
 851 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 164 
    
    
   
 93 
    
    
   
 107 
    
    
   
 148 
    
    
   
 512 
    
   Dominion Gas’ 2015 results include the impact of the following significant items:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Third quarter results include a $29 million after-tax gain from an agreement to convey shale development rights underneath a natural gas storage field.
 
 
 
 • 
   
   First quarter results include a $43 million after-tax gain from agreements to convey shale development rights underneath several natural gas storage
fields.    Dominion Gas’ 2014 results include the impact of the following significant item:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Fourth quarter results include a $36 million after-tax gain from agreements to convey Marcellus Shale development rights underneath several natural gas
storage fields.  
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 162 
   
   
   
   
    


  Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure    None.      
     Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures    D OMINION   
 Senior management, including Dominion’s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Dominion’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end
of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation process, Dominion’s CEO and CFO have concluded that Dominion’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in Dominion’s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting.  
         M ANAGEMENT ’ S  A NNUAL  R EPORT   ON  I NTERNAL  C ONTROL  O VER  F INANCIAL 
R EPORTING     Management of Dominion understands and accepts responsibility for Dominion’s financial statements and
related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (internal control). Dominion continuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of internal control, just as Dominion does
throughout all aspects of its business.    Dominion maintains a system of internal control designed to provide reasonable
assurance, at a reasonable cost, that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with established procedures. This system includes written policies, an
organizational structure designed to ensure appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and internal audits.
 
  The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Dominion, composed entirely of independent
directors, meets periodically with the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and management to discuss auditing, internal control, and financial reporting matters of Dominion and to ensure that each is properly
discharging its responsibilities. Both the independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors periodically meet alone with the Audit Committee and have free access to the Committee at any time.  
 SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require Dominion’s 2015 Annual Report to contain a
management’s report and a report of the independent registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness of internal control. As a basis for the report, Dominion tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal
controls. Based on its assessment as of December 31, 2015, Dominion makes the following assertions:    Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting of Dominion.    There are
inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.    Management evaluated Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial
reporting described in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that Dominion maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015.    Dominion’s independent registered public accounting
firm is engaged to express an opinion on Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting, as stated in their report which is included herein.    February 26, 2016    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 163 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  R EPORT   OF  I NDEPENDENT  R EGISTERED 
P UBLIC  A CCOUNTING  F IRM     To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of  
 Dominion Resources, Inc.    Richmond, Virginia
   We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Dominion Resources, Inc. and subsidiaries (“Dominion”) as of
December 31, 2015, based on criteria established in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Dominion’s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Dominion’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a
material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
 

  
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper
management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 In our opinion, Dominion maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2015, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015 of Dominion and our report dated February 26, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.    /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP    Richmond, Virginia  
 February 26, 2016    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 164 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  V IRGINIA  P OWER     Senior management, including Virginia Power’s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Virginia Power’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on this evaluation process, Virginia Power’s CEO and CFO have concluded that Virginia Power’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in Virginia Power’s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Virginia Power’s internal control over financial reporting.  
         M ANAGEMENT ’ S  A NNUAL  R EPORT   ON  I NTERNAL  C ONTROL  O VER  F INANCIAL 
R EPORTING     Management of Virginia Power understands and accepts responsibility for Virginia Power’s financial
statements and related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (internal control). Virginia Power continuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of internal control,
just as it does throughout all aspects of its business.    Virginia Power maintains a system of internal control designed to
provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with established procedures. This system includes
written policies, an organizational structure designed to ensure appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and internal audits.  
 The Board of Directors also serves as Virginia Power’s Audit Committee and meets periodically with the independent registered public
accounting firm, the internal auditors and management to discuss Virginia Power’s auditing, internal accounting control and financial reporting matters and to ensure that each is properly discharging its responsibilities.  
 SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require Virginia Power’s 2015 Annual Report to contain a
management’s report regarding the effectiveness of internal control. As a basis for the report, Virginia Power tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Based on the assessment as of
December 31, 2015, Virginia Power makes the following assertions:    Management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting of Virginia Power.    There are inherent limitations in the
effectiveness of any internal control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.    Management
evaluated Virginia Power’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in  Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
 

  
the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that Virginia Power maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015.
   This annual report does not include an attestation report of Virginia Power’s independent registered public accounting
firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report is not subject to attestation by Virginia Power’s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to a permanent exemption under the Dodd-Frank Act.
   February 26, 2016      
     D OMINION  G AS   
 Senior management, including Dominion Gas’ CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Dominion Gas’ disclosure controls and procedures as of
the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation process, Dominion Gas’ CEO and CFO have concluded that Dominion Gas’ disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in Dominion Gas’
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Dominion Gas’ internal control over financial reporting.  
         M ANAGEMENT ’ S  A NNUAL  R EPORT   ON  I NTERNAL  C ONTROL  O VER  F INANCIAL 
R EPORTING     Management of Dominion Gas understands and accepts responsibility for Dominion Gas’ financial statements and
related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (internal control). Dominion Gas continuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of internal control, just as it does
throughout all aspects of its business.    Dominion Gas maintains a system of internal control designed to provide reasonable
assurance, at a reasonable cost, that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance with established procedures. This system includes written policies, an
organizational structure designed to ensure appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel and internal audits.    The Board of Directors also serves as Dominion Gas’ Audit Committee and meets periodically with the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and management to discuss
Dominion Gas’ auditing, internal accounting control and financial reporting matters and to ensure that each is properly discharging its responsibilities.    SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require Dominion Gas’ 2015 Annual Report to contain a management’s report regarding the effectiveness of internal control. As a
basis for the report, Dominion Gas tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Based on the assessment as of December 31, 2015, Dominion Gas makes the following assertions:  
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting of Dominion Gas.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 165 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal control, including
the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in
conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.    Management evaluated Dominion Gas’ internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes that Dominion Gas maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015.  
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of Dominion Gas’ independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report is not subject to attestation by Dominion Gas’ independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to a permanent exemption under the Dodd-Frank Act.  
 February 26, 2016      
     Item 9B. Other
Information    None.  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 166 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  Part III    Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
 D OMINION     The following information
for Dominion is incorporated by reference from the Dominion 2016 Proxy Statement, which will be filed on or around March 23, 2016:  
 
 
 • 
   
   Information regarding the directors required by this item is found under the heading  Election of Directors .  
 
 
 • 
   
   Information regarding a material change in the procedures by which shareholders recommend director nominees required by this item is found under the
headings  Election of Directors  and  Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations .  
 
 
 • 
   
   Information regarding compliance with Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, required by this item is found under the
heading  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance .  
 
 
 • 
   
   Information regarding the Dominion Audit Committee Financial expert(s) required by this item is found under the heading  Board of Directors
Committees—Audit Committee .  
 
 
 • 
   
   Information regarding the Dominion Audit Committee required by this item is found under the headings  Board of Directors Committees—Audit
Committee  and  Audit Committee Report .  
 
 
 • 
   
   Information regarding Dominion’s Code of Ethics required by this item is found under the heading  Corporate Governance and Board Matters .
   The information concerning the executive officers of Dominion required by this item is included in Part I of
this Form 10-K under the caption  Executive Officers of Dominion . Each executive officer of Dominion is elected annually.  
   
   
   Item 11. Executive Compensation    D OMINION     The following information about Dominion is contained in the 2016 Proxy
Statement and is incorporated by reference: the information regarding executive compensation contained under the headings  Compensation Discussion and Analysis  and  Executive Compensation ;  the information regarding Compensation
Committee interlocks contained under the heading  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation ;   The   Compensation, Governance and Nominating Committee Report ; and the information regarding director
compensation contained under the heading  Compensation of Non-Employee Directors.       
     Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    D OMINION   
 The information concerning stock ownership by directors, executive officers and five percent beneficial owners contained under the heading
 Securities Ownership  in the 2016 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference.    The information
regarding equity securities of Dominion that are authorized for issuance under its equity compensation plans
 

  
contained under the heading  Executive Compensation-Equity Compensation Plans  in the 2016 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference.  
         Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    D OMINION     The information regarding related party transactions required by this item
found under the heading  Other Information-Related Party Transactions,  and information regarding director independence found under the heading  Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Independence of Directors,  in the 2016 Proxy
Statement is incorporated by reference.          
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services    D OMINION     The information concerning principal accountant fees and services contained
under the heading  Auditor Fees and Pre-Approval Policy  in the 2016 Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference.    

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 167 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
 
  V IRGINIA  P OWER   AND  D OMINION  G AS 
   The following table presents fees paid to Deloitte & Touche LLP for services related to Virginia Power and Dominion Gas for the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Type of Fees 
    
 2015 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
 (millions) 
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Virginia Power 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Audit fees 
    
 $ 
 1.87 
    
    
 $ 
 1.96 
    
 
   Audit-related fees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Tax fees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   All other fees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Total Fees 
    
 $ 
 1.87 
    
    
 $ 
 1.96 
    
 
   Dominion Gas 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Audit fees 
    
 $ 
 1.06 
    
    
 $ 
 0.52 
    
 
   Audit-related fees 
    
   
 0.19 
    
    
   
 0.14 
    
 
   Tax fees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   All other fees 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Total Fees 
    
 $ 
 1.25 
    
    
 $ 
 0.66 
    
 
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Audit fees  represent fees of Deloitte & Touche LLP for the audit of Virginia
Power’s and Dominion Gas’ annual consolidated financial statements, the review of financial statements included in Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ quarterly Form 10-Q reports, and the services that an independent auditor would
customarily provide in connection with subsidiary audits, statutory requirements, regulatory filings, and similar engagements for the fiscal year, such as comfort letters, attest services, consents, and assistance with review of documents filed with
the SEC.   
  Audit-related fees  consist of assurance and related services that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ consolidated financial statements or internal control over financial reporting. This category may include fees related to the performance of
audits and attest services not required by statute or regulations, due diligence related to mergers, acquisitions, and investments, and accounting consultations about the application of GAAP to proposed transactions.   
 Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ Boards of Directors have adopted the Dominion Audit Committee pre-approval policy for their
independent auditor’s services and fees and have delegated the execution of this policy to the Dominion Audit Committee. In accordance with this delegation, each year the Dominion Audit Committee pre-approves a schedule that details the
services to be provided for the following year and an estimated charge for such services. At its January 2016 meeting, the Dominion Audit Committee approved Virginia Power’s and Dominion Gas’ schedules of services and fees for 2016. In
accordance with the pre-approval policy, any changes to the pre-approved schedule may be pre-approved by the Dominion Audit Committee or a member of the Dominion Audit Committee.  
 The fees for Dominion Gas presented above for the year ended December 31, 2014, were for professional services rendered during the
period subsequent to Dominion Gas becoming an SEC registrant. Total audit fees and audit-related fees incurred prior to Dominion Gas becoming an SEC registrant were $680 thousand and $70 thousand, respectively, and were paid by Dominion.
   

    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 168 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part IV    Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules      
        
  (a) Certain documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference and found on
the pages noted.    1. Financial Statements    See Index on page 58.    2. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the
required information is either not material or is shown in the financial statements or the related notes.    3. Exhibits (incorporated by
reference unless otherwise noted)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 2 
    
 Purchase and Sale Agreement between Dominion Resources, Inc., Dominion Energy, Inc., Dominion Transmission, Inc. and CONSOL Energy Holdings LLC VI (Exhibit 99.1, Form  8-K  filed March 15, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1.a 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Articles of Incorporation as amended and restated, effective May 20, 2010 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1.b 
    
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as in effect on October 30, 2014 (Exhibit 3.1.b, Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2014, File  No. 1-2255). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1.c 
    
 Articles of Organization of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC (Exhibit 3.1, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2.a 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective December 17, 2015 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed December 17, 2015, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2.b 
    
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed June 3, 2009, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2.c 
    
 Operating Agreement of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC dated as of September 12, 2013 (Exhibit 3.2, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company and Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC agree to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request any other
instrument with respect to long-term debt as to which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10% of each of their total consolidated assets. 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1.a 
    
 See Exhibit 3.1.a above. 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1.b 
    
 See Exhibit 3.1.b above. 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2 
    
 Indenture of Mortgage of Virginia Electric and Power Company, dated November 1, 1935, as supplemented and modified by Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture (Exhibit 4(ii), Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1985, File No. 1-2255); Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 filed August 1, 2012, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3 
    
 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 1998, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank
(formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed February 27, 1998, File No. 333-47119); Form of Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed
December 4, 2003, File No. 1-2255); Form of Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2006, File No. 1-2255); Form of Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1,
2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2006, File No. 1-2255); Form of Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed May 16, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture,
dated September 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 10, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 30, 2007, File No. 1-2255);
Form of Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed April 15, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Form of Nineteenth Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated November 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K
filed 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 169 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
   
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 November 5, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Form of Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 24, 2009, File No. 1-2255); Form of
Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2010 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 1, 2010, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed
January 12, 2012, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1,
2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 14, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Sixth Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 15, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated February 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014, File No. 1-2255);
Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed May 13, 2015, File
No. 1-02255); Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed May 13, 2015, File No. 1-02255); Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 14,
2016, File No. 000-55337). 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.4 
    
 Indenture, Junior Subordinated Debentures, dated December 1, 1997, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank
(formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)) as supplemented by a Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.6, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2001, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.5 
    
 Indenture, dated April 1, 1995, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to United States Trust Company of New York) (Exhibit
(4), Certificate of Notification No. 1 filed April 19, 1995, File No. 70-8107); Securities Resolution No. 2 effective as of October 16, 1996 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed October 18, 1996, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6  7 /8% Debentures Due October 15, 2026); Securities Resolution No.
4 effective as of December 9, 1997 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed December 12, 1997, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6.80% Debentures Due December 15, 2027). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.6 
    
 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase
Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed December 21, 1999, File No. 333-93187); Form of Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed December 13,
2002, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 4, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated July 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2,
Form 8-K filed July 22, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2005 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 17, 2005, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Thirty-Fifth and Thirty-Sixth Supplemental
Indentures, dated June 1, 2008 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 16, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 12, 2009, File
No. 1-8489); Fortieth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2010 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 2, 2010, File No. 1-8489); Forty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed
March 7, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 5, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit
4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 15, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated
September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Eighth
Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed March 24, 2014, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2014, File No.
1-8489); Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2014, File No. 1-8489); Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed
November 25, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 170 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
   
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.7 
    
 Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2015, File No.
1-8489); First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2015, File No. 1-8489); Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 24, 2015, File No.
1-8489); Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2016 (filed herewith). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.8 
    
 Junior Subordinated Indenture II, dated June 1, 2006, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as Trustee (Exhibit
4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489); First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489);
Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed November 1, 2006, File No. 1-8489); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K
filed June 7, 2013, File No. 1-8489); Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed June 7, 2013, File No. 1-8489); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed July 1,
2014, File No. 1-8489); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed October 3, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.9 
    
 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated June 23, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No.
1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Replacement Capital Covenant dated September 26, 2011 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 filed October 28, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.10 
    
 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated September 29, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed November 1,
2006, File No. 1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Replacement Capital Covenant dated September 26, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 filed October 28, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.11 
    
 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated June 17, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2009, File No. 1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1
to Replacement Capital Covenant dated July 18, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 filed July 30, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.12 
    
 Series A Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2013, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Purchase Contract Agent,
Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary (Exhibit 4.7, Form 8-K filed June 7, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.13 
    
 Series B Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2013, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Purchase Contract Agent,
Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary (Exhibit 4.8, Form 8-K filed June 7, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.14 
    
 2014 Series A Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2014, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Purchase Contract
Agent, Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K filed July 1, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.15 
    
 Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2013, between Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014,
File No. 333-195066); First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.2, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form S-4 filed
April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2014 (Exhibit
4.2, Form 8-K filed December 8, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed December 8, 2014, File 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 171 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
   
    
 Virginia Power 
   
    
 Dominion Gas 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 No. 333-195066); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed December 8, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Seventh Supplemental
Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 17, 2015, File No. 001-37591). 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
    
 $4,000,000,000 Five-Year Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated May 19, 2014, among Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Dominion Gas
Holdings, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, and other lenders named therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K
filed May 19, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.2 
    
 $500,000,000 Five-Year Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement among Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC, Keybank
National Association, as Administrative Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Syndication Agent, and other lenders named therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 2, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated as of January 2012, between Dominion Resources Services, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated September 12, 2013, between Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.3, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.6 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Transmission, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.4, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between The East Ohio Company and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.5, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Iroquois, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.6, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
    
 Agreement between PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 26, 2005, File No. 1-2255 and File No.
1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
    
 Form of Settlement Agreement in the form of a proposed Consent Decree among the United States of America, on behalf of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the State
of New York, the State of New Jersey, the State of Connecticut, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the State of West Virginia and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003 filed May 9, 2003,
File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.11* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.5, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489), as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.12* 
    
 Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company, amended and restated July 15, 2003 (Exhibit 10.1,
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 11, 2003, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255), as amended March 31, 2006 (Form 8-K filed April 4, 2006, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 172 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
   
    
 Virginia Power 
   
    
 Dominion Gas 
   


 
 10.13* 
    
 Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company dated January 24, 2013 (effective for certain
officers elected subsequent to February 1, 2013) (Exhibit 10.9, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 filed February 27, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.14* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.6, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489),
as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.15* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives’ Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.7, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.16* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective July 1, 2013 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013
filed August 6, 2013 File No. 1-8489), as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.17* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.20, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No. 1-2255), as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.18* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Stock Accumulation Plan for Outside Directors, amended as of February 27, 2004 (Exhibit 10.15, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed
March 1, 2004, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.19* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Directors Stock Compensation Plan, as amended February 27, 2004 (Exhibit 10.16, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed March 1, 2004,
File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.20* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Directors’ Deferred Cash Compensation Plan, as amended and in effect September 20, 2002 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2002 filed November 8, 2002, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.21* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Non-Employee Directors’ Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2009 (Exhibit 10.18,
Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 filed February 26, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.22* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Tool Kit, effective September 1, 2001, amended and restated May 7, 2014 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
June 30, 2014 filed July 30, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2250). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.23* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Security Option Plan, effective January 1, 2003, amended December 31, 2004 and restated effective January 1, 2005 (Exhibit 10.13, Form 8-K filed December
23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.24* 
    
 Letter agreement between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Thomas F. Farrell II, dated February 27, 2003 (Exhibit 10.24, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 filed March
20, 2003, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 16, 2005 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 16, 2005, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.25* 
    
 Employment agreement dated February 13, 2007 between Dominion Resources Services, Inc. and Mark F. McGettrick (Exhibit 10.34, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2006 filed February 28, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
   
 X 
    
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 173 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 10.26* 
    
 Supplemental Retirement Agreement dated October 22, 2003 between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Paul D. Koonce (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2003 filed March 1, 2004, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.27* 
    
 Supplemental Retirement Agreement dated December 12, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and David A. Christian (Exhibit 10.25, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001 filed March 11, 2002, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.28* 
    
 Form of Advancement of Expenses for certain directors and officers of Dominion Resources, Inc., approved by the Dominion Resources, Inc. Board of Directors on October 24, 2008
(Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.29* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, originally effective May 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective December 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.32, Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.30* 
    
 Supplemental Retirement Agreement with Mark F. McGettrick effective May 19, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.31* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2011 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 21, 2011, File No.
1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.32* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Mark F. McGettrick, Paul D. Koonce and David A. Christian approved December 17, 2012 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 21, 2012,
File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.33* 
    
 2012 Performance Grant Plan under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 19, 2012 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, File No.
1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.34* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 19, 2012 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, File No.
1-8489) 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.35* 
    
 2013 Performance Grant Plan under 2013 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 24, 2013 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 25, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.36* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2013 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 24, 2013 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 25, 2013, File No.
1-8489) 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.37* 
    
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Thomas F. Farrell II, dated December 17, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 17, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.38* 
    
 Retirement Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2013, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Gary L. Sypolt (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 24, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.39* 
    
 2014 Performance Grant Plan under 2014 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 16, 2014 (Exhibit 10.40, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, File  No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.40* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2014 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 16, 2014 (Exhibit 10.41, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2013, File No.  1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 174 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 10.41* 
    
 Form of Special Performance Grant for Thomas F. Farrell II and Mark F. McGettrick approved January 16, 2014 (Exhibit 10.42, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013,
File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.42* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan, effective May 7, 2014 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed May 7, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.43 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2013, by and among Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, RBS Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.,
as the initial purchasers of the Notes (Exhibit 10.1, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.44 
    
 Inter-Company Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2013, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC (Exhibit 10.2, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.45* 
    
 2015 Performance Grant Plan under 2015 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 22, 2015 (Exhibit 10.42, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, File  No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.46* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2015 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 22, 2015 (Exhibit 10.43, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014,
File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.47* 
    
 2016 Performance Grant Plan under 2016 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 21, 2016 (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.48* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2016 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 21, 2016 (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.49* 
    
 Base salaries for named executive officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.50* 
    
 Non-employee directors’ annual compensation for Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12.a 
    
 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12.b 
    
 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12.c 
    
 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 21 
    
 Subsidiaries of Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 23 
    
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.a 
    
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.b 
    
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.c 
    
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.d 
    
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.e 
    
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.f 
    
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.a 
    
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. as required by Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 175 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 32.b 
    
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company as required by Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.c 
    
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC as required by Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 101 
    
 The following financial statements from Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company and Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, filed on February 26, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders’ Equity (iv) Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
     
 
 
 * 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 176 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Signatures      
        
  D OMINION     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 DOMINION RESOURCES, INC. 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    Thomas F. Farrell II         
 
 
   
 (Thomas F. Farrell II, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer) 
   Date: February 26, 2016    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 26th day
of February, 2016.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 Signature 
    
 Title 


 
 
 
 
   /s/    Thomas F. Farrell
II           Thomas F. Farrell II 
    
   Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief   Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    William P.
Barr           William P. Barr 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Helen E.
Dragas           Helen E. Dragas 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    James O. Ellis,
Jr.           James O. Ellis, Jr. 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    John W.
Harris           John W. Harris 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Mark J.
Kington           Mark J. Kington 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Pamela J.
Royal           Pamela J. Royal 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Robert H. Spilman,
Jr.           Robert H. Spilman, Jr. 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Michael E.
Szymanczyk           Michael E. Szymanczyk 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    David A.
Wollard           David A. Wollard 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Mark F.
McGettrick           Mark F. McGettrick 
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Michele L.
Cardiff           Michele L. Cardiff 
    
 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 177 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

        
 Virginia Power    Pursuant to the requirements of
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 / S /    T HOMAS  F. F ARRELL 
II         
 
 
   
   (Thomas F. Farrell II, Chairman of the Board 
 of Directors and Chief Executive Officer) 
   Date: February 26, 2016    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 26th day
of February, 2016.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 Signature 
    
 Title 


 
 
 
 
   /s/    Thomas F. Farrell
II           Thomas F. Farrell II 
    
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Mark F.
McGettrick           Mark F. McGettrick 
    
 Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Mark O.
Webb           Mark O. Webb 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Michele L.
Cardiff           Michele L. Cardiff 
    
 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 178 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        
  Dominion Gas    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 DOMINION GAS HOLDINGS, LLC 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 / S /    T HOMAS  F. F ARRELL 
II         
 
 
   
   (Thomas F. Farrell II, Chairman of the Board 
 of Directors and Chief Executive Officer) 
   Date: February 26, 2016    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 26th day
of February, 2016.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 Signature 
    
 Title 


 
 
 
 
   /s/    Thomas F. Farrell
II           Thomas F. Farrell II 
    
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Mark F.
McGettrick           Mark F. McGettrick 
    
 Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Mark O.
Webb           Mark O. Webb 
    
 Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/    Michele L.
Cardiff           Michele L. Cardiff 
    
 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 179 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Exhibit Index      
       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 2 
    
 Purchase and Sale Agreement between Dominion Resources, Inc., Dominion Energy, Inc., Dominion Transmission, Inc. and CONSOL Energy Holdings LLC VI (Exhibit 99.1, Form  8-K  filed March 15, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1.a 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Articles of Incorporation as amended and restated, effective May 20, 2010 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1.b 
    
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as in effect on October 30, 2014 (Exhibit 3.1.b, Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2014, File  No. 1-2255). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.1.c 
    
 Articles of Organization of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC (Exhibit 3.1, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2.a 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective December 17, 2015 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed December 17, 2015, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2.b 
    
 Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed June 3, 2009, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2.c 
    
 Operating Agreement of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC dated as of September 12, 2013 (Exhibit 3.2, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company and Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC agree to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request any other
instrument with respect to long-term debt as to which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10% of each of their total consolidated assets. 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1.a 
    
 See Exhibit 3.1.a above. 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1.b 
    
 See Exhibit 3.1.b above. 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2 
    
 Indenture of Mortgage of Virginia Electric and Power Company, dated November 1, 1935, as supplemented and modified by Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture (Exhibit 4(ii), Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1985, File No. 1-2255); Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 filed August 1, 2012, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3 
    
 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 1998, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank
(formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed February 27, 1998, File No. 333-47119); Form of Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed
December 4, 2003, File No. 1-2255); Form of Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2006, File No. 1-2255); Form of Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1,
2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2006, File No. 1-2255); Form of Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed May 16, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture,
dated September 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 10, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 30, 2007, File No. 1-2255);
Form of Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed April 15, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Form of Nineteenth Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated November 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed
November 5, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Form of Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 24, 2009, File No. 1-2255); Form of Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2010
(Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 1, 2010, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2012, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture,
dated as of January 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255);
Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 14, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Sixth 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 180 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
   
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 15, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated
February 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Ninth
Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed May 13, 2015, File No. 1-02255); Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed May 13, 2015, File No. 1-02255);
Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 14, 2016, File No. 000-55337). 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.4 
    
 Indenture, Junior Subordinated Debentures, dated December 1, 1997, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank
(formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)) as supplemented by a Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2001 (Exhibit 4.6, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2001, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.5 
    
 Indenture, dated April 1, 1995, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to United States Trust Company of New York) (Exhibit
(4), Certificate of Notification No. 1 filed April 19, 1995, File No. 70-8107); Securities Resolution No. 2 effective as of October 16, 1996 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed October 18, 1996, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6  7 /8% Debentures Due October 15, 2026); Securities Resolution No.
4 effective as of December 9, 1997 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed December 12, 1997, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6.80% Debentures Due December 15, 2027). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.6 
    
 Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase
Manhattan Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed December 21, 1999, File No. 333-93187); Form of Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed December 13,
2002, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2003 (Exhibits 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 4, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated July 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2,
Form 8-K filed July 22, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2005 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 17, 2005, File No. 1-8489); Forms of Thirty-Fifth and Thirty-Sixth Supplemental
Indentures, dated June 1, 2008 (Exhibits 4.2 and 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 16, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 12, 2009, File
No. 1-8489); Fortieth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2010 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed September 2, 2010, File No. 1-8489); Forty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed
March 7, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 5, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 2011 (Exhibit
4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 15, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated
September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Eighth
Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed March 24, 2014, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2014, File No.
1-8489); Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K, filed November 25, 2014, File No. 1-8489); Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed
November 25, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.7 
    
 Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2015, File No.
1-8489); First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2015, File No. 1-8489); Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 24, 2015, File No.
1-8489); Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2016 (filed herewith). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 181 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
   
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 
   


 
 4.8 
    
 Junior Subordinated Indenture II, dated June 1, 2006, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as Trustee (Exhibit
4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489); First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489);
Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed November 1, 2006, File No. 1-8489); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K
filed June 7, 2013, File No. 1-8489); Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed June 7, 2013, File No. 1-8489); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed July 1,
2014, File No. 1-8489); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed October 3, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.9 
    
 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated June 23, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No.
1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Replacement Capital Covenant dated September 26, 2011 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 filed October 28, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.10 
    
 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated September 29, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006 filed November 1,
2006, File No. 1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Replacement Capital Covenant dated September 26, 2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011 filed October 28, 2011, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.11 
    
 Replacement Capital Covenant entered into by Dominion Resources, Inc. dated June 17, 2009 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2009, File No. 1-8489), as amended by Amendment No. 1
to Replacement Capital Covenant dated July 18, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 filed July 30, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.12 
    
 Series A Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2013, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Purchase Contract Agent,
Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary (Exhibit 4.7, Form 8-K filed June 7, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.13 
    
 Series B Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2013, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Purchase Contract Agent,
Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary (Exhibit 4.8, Form 8-K filed June 7, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.14 
    
 2014 Series A Purchase Contract and Pledge Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2014, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Purchase Contract
Agent, Collateral Agent, Custodial Agent and Securities Intermediary (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K filed July 1, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.15 
    
 Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2013, between Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014,
File No. 333-195066); First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.2, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form S-4 filed
April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2014 (Exhibit
4.2, Form 8-K filed December 8, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed December 8, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of
December 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed December 8, 2014, File No. 333-195066); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 17, 2015, File No. 001-37591). 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 
    
   
 X 
    
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 182 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 10.1 
    
 $4,000,000,000 Five-Year Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated May 19, 2014, among Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Dominion Gas
Holdings, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, and other lenders named therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K
filed May 19, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.2 
    
 $500,000,000 Five-Year Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement among Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC, Keybank
National Association, as Administrative Agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as Syndication Agent, and other lenders named therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 2, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated as of January 2012, between Dominion Resources Services, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated September 12, 2013, between Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.3, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.6 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Transmission, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.4, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between The East Ohio Company and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.5, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8 
    
 DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Iroquois, Inc. and Dominion Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.6, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
    
 Agreement between PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 26, 2005, File No. 1-2255 and File No.
1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
    
 Form of Settlement Agreement in the form of a proposed Consent Decree among the United States of America, on behalf of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the State
of New York, the State of New Jersey, the State of Connecticut, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the State of West Virginia and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003 filed May 9, 2003,
File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.11* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.5, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489), as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.12* 
    
 Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company, amended and restated July 15, 2003 (Exhibit 10.1,
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 11, 2003, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255), as amended March 31, 2006 (Form 8-K filed April 4, 2006, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 183 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 10.13* 
    
 Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company dated January 24, 2013 (effective for certain
officers elected subsequent to February 1, 2013) (Exhibit 10.9, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 filed February 27, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.14* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.6, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489),
as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.15* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives’ Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective December 17, 2004 (Exhibit 10.7, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No.
1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.16* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated effective July 1, 2013 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013
filed August 6, 2013 File No. 1-8489), as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.17* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. New Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.20, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed February 26, 2009, File No. 1-2255), as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.18* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Stock Accumulation Plan for Outside Directors, amended as of February 27, 2004 (Exhibit 10.15, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed
March 1, 2004, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.19* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Directors Stock Compensation Plan, as amended February 27, 2004 (Exhibit 10.16, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 filed March 1, 2004,
File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.20* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Directors’ Deferred Cash Compensation Plan, as amended and in effect September 20, 2002 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2002 filed November 8, 2002, File No. 1-8489) as amended effective December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.21* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Non-Employee Directors’ Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective December 17, 2009 (Exhibit 10.18,
Form 10-K filed for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009 filed February 26, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.22* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Tool Kit, effective September 1, 2001, amended and restated May 7, 2014 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
June 30, 2014 filed July 30, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2250). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.23* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. Security Option Plan, effective January 1, 2003, amended December 31, 2004 and restated effective January 1, 2005 (Exhibit 10.13, Form 8-K filed December
23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.24* 
    
 Letter agreement between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Thomas F. Farrell II, dated February 27, 2003 (Exhibit 10.24, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 filed March
20, 2003, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 16, 2005 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 16, 2005, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.25* 
    
 Employment agreement dated February 13, 2007 between Dominion Resources Services, Inc. and Mark F. McGettrick (Exhibit 10.34, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2006 filed February 28, 2007, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 184 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 10.26* 
    
 Supplemental Retirement Agreement dated October 22, 2003 between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Paul D. Koonce (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2003 filed March 1, 2004, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.27* 
    
 Supplemental Retirement Agreement dated December 12, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and David A. Christian (Exhibit 10.25, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001 filed March 11, 2002, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.28* 
    
 Form of Advancement of Expenses for certain directors and officers of Dominion Resources, Inc., approved by the Dominion Resources, Inc. Board of Directors on October 24, 2008
(Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489 and Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.29* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. 2005 Incentive Compensation Plan, originally effective May 1, 2005, as amended and restated effective December 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.32, Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 filed February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.30* 
    
 Supplemental Retirement Agreement with Mark F. McGettrick effective May 19, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.31* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under 2011 Long-Term Compensation Program approved January 20, 2011 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 21, 2011, File No.
1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.32* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Mark F. McGettrick, Paul D. Koonce and David A. Christian approved December 17, 2012 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 21, 2012,
File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.33* 
    
 2012 Performance Grant Plan under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 19, 2012 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, File No.
1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.34* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2012 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 19, 2012 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2012, File No.
1-8489) 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.35* 
    
 2013 Performance Grant Plan under 2013 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 24, 2013 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed January 25, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.36* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2013 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 24, 2013 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 25, 2013, File No.
1-8489) 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.37* 
    
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Thomas F. Farrell II, dated December 17, 2010 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed December 17, 2010, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.38* 
    
 Retirement Agreement, dated as of June 20, 2013, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Gary L. Sypolt (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 24, 2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.39* 
    
 2014 Performance Grant Plan under 2014 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 16, 2014 (Exhibit 10.40, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, File No.
1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.40* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2014 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 16, 2014 (Exhibit 10.41, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.41* 
    
 Form of Special Performance Grant for Thomas F. Farrell II and Mark F. McGettrick approved January 16, 2014 (Exhibit 10.42, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2013, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.42* 
    
 Dominion Resources, Inc. 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan, effective May 7, 2014 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed May 7, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 185 
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 

        
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 10.43 
    
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of October 22, 2013, by and among Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, RBS Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.,
as the initial purchasers of the Notes (Exhibit 10.1, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No. 333-195066). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.44 
    
 Inter-Company Credit Agreement, dated October 17, 2013, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC (Exhibit 10.2, Form S-4 filed April 4, 2014, File No.
333-195066). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.45* 
    
 2015 Performance Grant Plan under 2015 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 22, 2015 (Exhibit 10.42, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, File  No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.46* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2015 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 22, 2015 (Exhibit 10.43, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014,
File No. 1-8489). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.47* 
    
 2016 Performance Grant Plan under 2016 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 21, 2016 (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.48* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2016 Long-term Incentive Program approved January 21, 2016 (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.49* 
    
 Base salaries for named executive officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.50* 
    
 Non-employee directors’ annual compensation for Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12.a 
    
 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12.b 
    
 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 12.c 
    
 Ratio of earnings to fixed charges for Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 21 
    
 Subsidiaries of Dominion Resources, Inc. (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 23 
    
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.a 
    
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.b 
    
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.c 
    
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.d 
    
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.e 
    
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 31.f 
    
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.a 
    
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc. as required by Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
    
 X 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.b 
    
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company as required by Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 32.c 
    
 Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC as required by Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
    
 
    
 
    
 X 
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 186 
   
   
   
   
    



 
 
 Table of Contents 


        

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit   Number 
    
   Description 
    
 Dominion 
    
 Virginia Power 
    
 Dominion Gas 


 
 101 
    
 The following financial statements from Dominion Resources, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company and Dominion Gas Holdings, LLC Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, filed on February 26, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Common Shareholders’ Equity (iv) Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
 X 
    
 X 
    
 X 
     
 
 
 * 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement  
    
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 187 
    


 
 
 
