
 10-K
 1
 d501434d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 


 
  UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D. C. 20549  
 Form  10-K     ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017    Commission file number  1-6682     Hasbro, Inc.
   (Exact Name of Registrant, As Specified in its Charter)  
   
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Rhode Island 
   
 05-0155090 
 
 (State of Incorporation) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
   1027 Newport Avenue,   Pawtucket, Rhode Island 
   
 02861 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area
code  (401)  431-8697     Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 


 
 Common Stock 
   
 The NASDAQ Global Select Market 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None    Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.    Yes   ☒     or    No   ☐ .    Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   ☐     or    No   ☒ .  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes   ☒     or    No   ☐ .    Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   ☒     or    No   ☐ .  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation  S-K  is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form  10-K  or any amendment
to this Form  10-K.     ☐   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated  filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act. (Check one:)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Large Accelerated Filer   
   
   ☒ 
   
   
 Accelerated Filer   
   
   
   
 ☐ 
   
   
 Non-Accelerated Filer   ☐ 
   
   
 Smaller Reporting Company   
   
   
   
 ☐ 
   
 
   Emerging Growth Company   
   
   ☐ 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
   
   
 
 
 
   If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.     ☐     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the
Act).    Yes   ☐     or    No   ☒ .    The aggregate market value
on June 30, 2017 (the last business day of the Company’s most recently completed second quarter) of the voting common stock held by  non-affiliates  of the registrant, computed by reference to the
closing price of the stock on that date, was approximately $12,408,366,242. The registrant does not have  non-voting  common stock outstanding.  
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 7, 2018 was 124,177,681.  
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    Portions of our definitive proxy statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report.  
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART I 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
    
   Business 
    
   
 3 
   
 
   Item 1A. 
    
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 11 
   
 
   Item 1B. 
    
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 25 
   
 
   Item 2. 
    
   Properties 
    
   
 25 
   
 
   Item 3. 
    
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 25 
   
 
   Item 4. 
    
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 25 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART II 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 26 
   
 
   Item 6. 
    
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 27 
   
 
   Item 7. 
    
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 27 
   
 
   Item 7A. 
    
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 49 
   
 
   Item 8. 
    
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 50 
   
 
   Item 9. 
    
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 92 
   
 
   Item 9A. 
    
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 92 
   
 
   Item 9B. 
    
   Other Information 
    
   
 94 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART III 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
    
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 95 
   
 
   Item 11. 
    
   Executive Compensation  
    
   
 95 
   
 
   Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    
   
 95 
   
 
   Item 13. 
    
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    
   
 95 
   
 
   Item 14. 
    
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
    
   
 95 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 PART IV 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
    
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
    
   
 96 
   
 
   Item 16. 
    
   Form  10-K  Summary  
    
   
 96 
   
 
 
    
   Signatures  
    
   
 102 
   
 
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form
 10-K  and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking
statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated financial performance or business prospects in future periods, expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for
scheduled new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and timing of planned entertainment releases including motion pictures, television and digital products; and marketing and
promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for
forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking
forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results
and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The factors listed below and in Item 1A of this Annual Report are illustrative and other risks and
uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms  8-K, 
 10-Q  and  10-K.  We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form
 10-K  or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report.    Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.  
 PART I    Except as expressly
indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, as used herein, “Hasbro”, the “Company”, “we”, or “us”, means Hasbro, Inc., a Rhode Island corporation organized on January 8, 1926, and its
subsidiaries.      
 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business.   
 General Development and Description of Business and Business Segments  
 Overview    We are a global play and entertainment company committed to Creating the World’s Best Play Experiences. We strive to do this through deep consumer engagement and the application of consumer insights, the use
of immersive storytelling to build brands, product innovation and the development of global business reach. We apply these principles to leverage our owned and controlled brands, including Franchise Brands LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING,
MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF,  PLAY-DOH  and TRANSFORMERS, as well as for our Partner Brands portfolio. From toys and games to television, movies, digital gaming and other forms of digital entertainment and a
comprehensive consumer products licensing program, Hasbro fulfills the fundamental need for play and connection for children and families around the world. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary Hasbro Studios LLC (“Hasbro Studios”)
and its film labels, Allspark Pictures and Allspark Animation, create entertainment brand-driven storytelling across mediums, including television, film and more. These elements are executed globally in alignment with our strategic plan, the brand
blueprint. At the center of this blueprint, we  re-imagine,   re-invent  and  re-ignite  our owned and controlled brands and imagine,
invent and ignite new brands, through product innovation, immersive entertainment offerings, including television and motion pictures, digital gaming and a broad range of consumer products.  
 Storytelling and Other Entertainment Initiatives  
 Our brand blueprint focuses on reinforcing storylines associated with our brands through several outlets, including television, motion pictures and
digital content.    As part of our brand blueprint, we seek to build our brands through entertainment-based storytelling. Hasbro Studios is
responsible for brand-driven storytelling across mediums, including the development and global distribution of television programming primarily based on our brands. This programming currently airs in markets throughout the world. Domestically,
Hasbro Studios primarily distributes programming to Discovery Family Channel (the “Network”), a joint venture between Discovery Communications, Inc. (“Discovery”) and ourselves which operates a cable television network in the
United States dedicated to high-quality children’s and family entertainment and educational programming. Beginning in 2015, Hasbro Studios began distributing certain  
      3  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
programming domestically to other outlets, including Cartoon Network. Internationally, Hasbro Studios distributes to various broadcasters and cable networks. Hasbro Studios also distributes
programming globally on various digital platforms, including Netflix and iTunes. In 2016, Hasbro acquired Boulder Media, an animation studio based in Dublin, Ireland. In addition to working on a variety of projects for Hasbro Studios, Allspark
Animation and Allspark Pictures, Boulder Media continues to produce  non-Hasbro  content under the Boulder name.    During 2014, we introduced Allspark Pictures, Hasbro’s film label, as a vehicle to produce both animated and live action theatrical releases based on our brands. During 2017 we formed Allspark Animation, an
additional film label to expand our entertainment services. Our plan going forward is to produce live action entertainment, including film and television, under the Allspark Pictures moniker, and to produce animated entertainment under the Allspark
Animation label. In October 2017 the Company entered into an agreement with Paramount Pictures (“Paramount”) to produce and distribute live action and animated films, as well as television programming based on Hasbro brands over a
five-year period. Hasbro’s Allspark Pictures and Allspark Animation will play an active role alongside Paramount in content development and production under this relationship and we will play a more significant role in financing the films as
well. The Company’s storytelling initiatives support its strategy of growing its brands well beyond traditional toys and games and providing entertainment experiences for consumers of all ages accessible anytime in many forms and formats. In
October 2016, Allspark Pictures released  OUIJA: ORIGIN OF EVIL . In October 2017, Allspark Pictures released  MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE . In December 2018, through their partnership, Hasbro and Paramount expect to release
 BUMBLEBEE , a film centered on the TRANSFORMERS character, BUMBLEBEE.    In addition to film and television initiatives, Hasbro
understands the importance of digital content to drive fan engagement, including in gaming and across other media, and of integrating such content with our products. Digital media encompasses digital gaming applications and the creation of digital
environments for analog products through the use of complementary digital applications and websites which extend storylines and enhance play. As of December 2016, we owned a 70% majority stake in Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”), a
mobile game developer, and in January 2017, we increased our ownership to 100%. While certain of our trademarks, characters and other property rights are licensed by third parties in connection with digital gaming, we anticipate increasingly
leveraging and applying Backflip’s digital gaming expertise to Hasbro brands in 2018 and beyond.    As we seek to grow our business in
entertainment, licensing, digital gaming and innovative product offerings, we will continue to evaluate strategic alliances, acquisitions and investments, like Hasbro Studios, Boulder Media, the Network and Backflip, which may allow us to strengthen
our competencies around the brand blueprint, such as in storytelling and digital, complement our current product offerings, allow us entry into areas which are adjacent or complementary to our existing business, allow us to add to our brand
portfolio, or allow us to further develop awareness of our brands and expand the ability of consumers to experience our brands in different forms and formats.     Brand Portfolios    Hasbro organizes and markets owned, controlled
and licensed intellectual properties within our brand architecture under the following brand portfolios: (1) Franchise Brands; (2) Partner Brands; (3) Hasbro Gaming; and (4) Emerging Brands.  
 Franchise Brands 
 Franchise Brands are Hasbro’s most significant owned or controlled properties which we believe have the ability to deliver significant revenues and growth over the long-term. In 2017 our seven Franchise Brands were LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC:
THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF,  PLAY-DOH  and TRANSFORMERS. As reported, net revenues from Franchise Brands grew 10% in 2017, and 2% in 2016. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, Franchise Brands were 49%,
46% and 52% of total net revenues, respectively. Beginning in 2018, Emerging Brand BABY ALIVE will replace LITTLEST PET SHOP in the Franchise Brands  line-up  based on the historical strength of the BABY ALIVE
brand and the Company’s belief in the sustainability of the brand’s success. We are moving LITTLEST PET SHOP to the Emerging Brands category to allow us to take a more entrepreneurial approach to that brand and better allow us to  re-invent  that brand.    Partner Brands
 Partner Brands include those licensed brands for which Hasbro develops toy and game products. Significant Partner Brands include MARVEL, including  SPIDER-MAN  and THE AVENGERS, STAR WARS, DISNEY
PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN, DISNEY‘S DESCENDANTS, BEYBLADE, DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS, SESAME STREET and  YO-KAI  WATCH. Partner brands MARVEL, STAR WARS, DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS, DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY
FROZEN are all owned by The Walt Disney Company (“Disney”).    In 2017, Hasbro sold product lines supported by the following
theatrical releases from our partners: Marvel’s  GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2  in May,  SPIDER-MAN:  HOMECOMING  in July,  THOR: RAGNAROK  in November and  STAR WARS: THE LAST JEDI 
in December in addition to films featuring our Franchise Brands  
      4  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
 TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT  in June, and  MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE , in October. In 2016, Hasbro sold product supported by four major motion picture releases by our partners:
 CAPTAIN AMERICA: CIVIL WAR, DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS, MOANA  and  ROGUE ONE: A STAR WARS STORY . In 2018, we expect to sell products related to several partner theatrical releases, including  BLACK PANTHER  in February,  AVENGERS:
INFINITY WAR  in May,  SOLO: A STAR WARS STORY  in   May and  SPIDER-MAN:  INTO THE SPIDER-VERSE  in December, as well as the  BUMBLEBEE  film in December from our Franchise brand,
TRANSFORMERS.       Hasbro Gaming  Hasbro continues to
revolutionize game play through our strong portfolio of Gaming Brands, digital integration, the mining of social media trends to garner consumer insights and capitalize on popular gaming themes, and the rapid introduction of innovative new gaming
brands and play experiences. Hasbro Gaming includes brands such as DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, JENGA, THE GAME OF LIFE, OPERATION, PIE FACE, SCRABBLE, TRIVIAL PURSUIT and TWISTER as well as social games including FANTASTIC GYMNASTICS, SPEAK OUT and
TOILET TROUBLE; in addition, Hasbro’s games portfolio also includes many other well-known game brands. To successfully execute our gaming strategy, we consider brands which may capitalize on existing trends while evolving our approach to gaming
using consumer insights and offering gaming experiences relevant to consumer demand for face to face, trading card and digital game experiences played as board,
 off-the-board,  digital, card, electronic, trading card and role-playing games.    Emerging Brands  Emerging Brands are those owned or controlled Hasbro brands which have not achieved Franchise Brand status, but many of
which the Company believes have the potential to do so over time with investment and further development. Through 2017, these included brands such as BABY ALIVE, FURBY, FURREAL FRIENDS, HANAZUKI,  KRE-O, 
PLAYSKOOL and PLAYSKOOL HEROES. Beginning in 2018, the BABY ALIVE brand is moving to Franchise Brands and LITTLEST PET SHOP will be included in Emerging Brands. The Emerging Brands portfolio also includes new brands being developed by the Company,
as well as other brands not captured in our other three categories.    Segments  
 Organizationally, our three principal segments are U.S. and Canada, International and Entertainment and Licensing. The U.S. and Canada and
International segments engage in the marketing and selling of various toy and game products described above. Our toy and game products are primarily developed by cross-functional teams, including members of our global development and marketing
groups, to establish a cohesive brand direction and assist the segments in establishing certain local marketing programs. The costs of these groups are allocated to our principal segments. Our U.S. and Canada segment covers the United States and
Canada while the International segment primarily includes Europe, the Asia Pacific region and Latin and South America. The Entertainment and Licensing segment conducts our movie, television and digital gaming entertainment operations, including the
operations of Hasbro Studios and Backflip as well as engages in the  out-licensing  of our trademarks, characters and other brand and intellectual property rights to third parties for digital gaming and consumer
products. Our Global Operations segment is responsible for arranging product manufacturing and sourcing for the U.S. and Canada and International segments. Financial information with respect to our segments and geographic areas is included in Note
20 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 8 of this Form  10-K.  The following is a discussion of each segment.  
 U.S. and Canada  Our U.S. and Canada segment engages in the marketing
and sale of our products in the United States and Canada. The U.S. and Canada segment promotes our brands through constant innovation and reinvention. This is accomplished through introducing new products and initiatives driven by consumer and
marketplace insights and leveraging opportunistic toy and game lines and licenses. This strategy leverages efforts to increase consumer awareness of the Company’s brands through entertainment experiences, including motion pictures and
television programming.    International  The International
segment engages in the marketing and sale of our product categories to retailers and wholesalers in most countries in Europe, Latin and South America, and the Asia Pacific region and through distributors in those countries where we have no direct
presence. We have offices in more than 35 countries contributing to sales in more than 120 countries.    In addition to growing brands,
leveraging opportunistic product lines and driving our licensed business, we seek to grow our international business by continuing to opportunistically expand into emerging markets in Eastern Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin and South America.
Emerging markets are an area of high priority for us as we believe they offer greater opportunities for revenue growth than developed markets. Key emerging markets include Russia, Brazil and the People’s Republic of China (“China”).
Net revenues from emerging markets represented 14% of our total consolidated net revenues in 2017, 2016 and 2015. In 2017, net revenues from emerging markets increased 5% while in 2016, net revenues in emerging markets increased 9% from 2015.
 
      5  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In 2017, the international segment benefited from foreign currency translation whereas the
strengthening of the U.S. dollar in 2016 had a negative impact on the International segment. The impact from foreign currency translation on International segment net revenues as compared to the prior year translation rates for 2017 and 2016 was
$75.3 million and $(58.4) million, respectively. Financial information with respect to foreign currency risk management is included in Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 8 of this Form  10-K.     Entertainment and
Licensing  Our Entertainment and Licensing segment includes our consumer products licensing, digital gaming, television and movie entertainment operations.    Our consumer products licensing category seeks to promote our brands through the  out-licensing  of our intellectual properties to third parties for promotional and
merchandising uses in businesses which do not compete directly with our own product offerings, such as apparel, publishing, home goods and electronics, or in certain situations, to utilize them for toy products where we consider the  out-licensing  of brands to be more effective and profitable than developing and marketing the products ourselves.    Our digital gaming business seeks to promote our brands largely through the  out-licensing  of our intellectual properties to a number of partners who develop and offer digital
games for play on mobile devices, personal computers, and video game consoles based on those brands. The Company has digital gaming relationships with Electronic Arts Inc., Activision, Ubisoft, Scopely and others. Lastly, we also license our brands
to third parties engaged in other forms of gaming, including Scientific Games Corporation. Through Backflip, our owned mobile game development studio, we seek to complement the aforementioned  out-licensing 
with the development of internal digital gaming resources. Backflip’s product offerings include games for tablets and mobile devices, including the DRAGONVALE and TRANSFORMERS: EARTH WARS games. Through Backflip, we intend to continue focusing
on our existing game titles, and to launch new games, including further offerings based on Hasbro brands.    Major motion pictures and
television programming based on our owned and controlled brands provide both immersive storytelling and the ability for our consumers to experience these properties in a different format, which we believe can result in increased product sales,
royalty revenues, and overall brand awareness. To a lesser extent, we can also earn revenue from our participation in the financial results of motion pictures and related home entertainment releases and through the distribution of television
programming. Revenue from toy and game product sales is a component of the U.S. and Canada and International segments, while royalty revenues, including revenues earned from movies and television programming, is included in the Entertainment and
Licensing segment.     Global Operations  Our
Global Operations segment sources production of our toy and game products. Through August 2015, the Company owned and operated manufacturing facilities in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland which predominantly produced game
products. These facilities were sold to Cartamundi NV (“Cartamundi”). Cartamundi continues to manufacture significant quantities of game products for us in their two facilities under a multi-year manufacturing agreement. Sourcing for our
other production is done through unrelated third party manufacturers in various Far East countries, principally China, using a Hong Kong based wholly-owned subsidiary operation for quality control and order coordination purposes. See
“Manufacturing and Importing” below for more details concerning overseas manufacturing and sourcing.    Other Information  To further extend our range of products in the various segments of our business, we sell a portion of our toy and game products to retailers on a direct import
basis from the Far East. These sales are reflected in the revenue of the related segment where the customer is geographically located.  
 Certain of our products are licensed to other companies for sale in selected countries where we do not otherwise have a direct business presence.
   Each of our four product categories, namely Franchise Brands, Partner Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands, generate approximately
10% or more of our net revenues. For more information, including the amount of net revenues attributable to each of our four product categories, see Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 8 of this Form  10-K.     Working Capital Requirements  
 Our working capital needs are financed through cash generated from operations, primarily through the sale of toys and games and secondarily through
our consumer products licensing and entertainment operations, and, when necessary, proceeds from short-term borrowings.    Our customer
order patterns may vary from year to year largely due to fluctuations in the degree of consumer acceptance of product lines, product availability, marketing strategies and inventory policies of retailers, the dates
 
      6  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
of theatrical releases of major motion pictures for which we offer products, and changes in overall economic conditions. As such, a disproportionate volume of our net revenues are earned during
the third and fourth quarters leading up to the retail industry’s holiday selling season, including Christmas. As a result, comparisons of unshipped orders on any date with those at the same date in the prior year are not necessarily indicative
of our sales for that year. Moreover, quick response, or  just-in-time,  inventory management practices result in a significant proportion of orders being placed for
immediate delivery. Although the Company may receive orders from customers in advance, it is general industry practice that these orders are subject to amendment or cancellation by customers prior to shipment and, as such, the Company does not
believe that these unshipped orders, at any given date, are indicative of future sales. We expect that retailers will continue to follow this strategy. As such, our business generally earns more revenue in the second half of the year compared to the
first half. In 2017, the second half of the year accounted for approximately 65% of full year revenues with the third and fourth quarters accounting for 34% and 31%, respectively, of full year net revenues. The types of programs that we plan to
employ to promote sales in 2018 are substantially the same as those we employed in 2017 and in prior years.    Historically, we commit to
the majority of our inventory production and advertising and marketing expenditures for a given year prior to the peak fourth quarter retail selling season. Our accounts receivable increases during the third and fourth quarter as customers increase
their purchases to meet expected consumer demand in the holiday season. Due to the concentrated timeframe of this selling period, payments for these accounts receivable are generally not due until later in the fourth quarter or early in the first
quarter of the subsequent year. The timing difference between expenses paid and revenues collected sometimes makes it necessary for us to borrow varying amounts during the year. During 2017, we utilized cash from our operations, borrowings under our
commercial paper program and uncommitted lines of credit as well as excess proceeds from the 2017 issuance of long-term debt to meet our cash flow requirements.       Product Development and Royalties    Our success is dependent on
continuous innovation in our play and entertainment offerings and requires continued development of new brands and products alongside the redesign of existing products to drive consumer interest and market acceptance. Our toy and game products are
developed by a global development function, the costs of which are allocated to the selling entities which comprise our principal operating segments. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, we incurred expenses of $269.0 million, $266.4 million, and
$242.9 million, respectively, on activities related to the development, design and engineering of new products and their packaging (including products brought to us by independent designers) and on the improvement or modification of ongoing
products. Much of this work is performed by our internal staff of designers, artists, model makers and engineers.    In addition to the
design and development work performed by our own staff, we deal with a number of independent toy and game designers, for whose designs and ideas we compete with other toy and game manufacturers. Rights to such designs and ideas, when acquired by us,
are usually exclusive and the agreements require us to pay the designer a royalty on our net sales of the item. These designer royalty agreements, in some cases, also provide for advance royalties and minimum guarantees.  
 We also produce a number of toys and games under licenses based on our partners’ trademarks and copyrights for the names or likenesses of
characters from movies, television shows and other entertainment media, for whose rights we compete with other toy and game manufacturers. Licensing fees for these rights are generally paid as a royalty on our net sales of the item. Licenses for the
use of characters may be exclusive for specific products or product lines in specified territories, or may be  non-exclusive,  in which case our product offerings may be competing with the product offerings of
other licensees. In many instances, advance royalties and minimum guarantees are required by these license agreements. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, we incurred $405.5 million, $409.5 million, and $379.2 million, respectively, of royalty
expense. Our royalty expense in any given year may also vary depending upon the timing of movie releases and other entertainment media.       Marketing and Sales    While our global development function
focuses on brand and product innovation and  re-invention,  our global marketing function establishes brand direction and messaging and assists the selling entities in establishing local marketing programs. The
global marketing group works cross-functionally with the global development function to deliver unified, brand-specific points of view. The costs of this group are allocated to the selling entities which comprise our principal operating segments. In
addition to the global marketing function, our local selling entities employ sales and marketing functions responsible for local market activities and execution.  
      7  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our products are sold globally to a broad spectrum of customers, including wholesalers,
distributors, chain stores, discount stores, drug stores, mail order houses, catalog stores, department stores and other traditional retailers, large and small, as well as internet-based
 “e-retailers.”  Our own sales forces account for the majority of sales of our products with remaining sales generated by independent distributors who, for the most part, sell our products in areas of
the world where we do not otherwise maintain a direct presence. Notwithstanding our thousands of customers, the majority of our sales are to large chain stores, distributors,  e-retailers  and wholesalers.
Customer concentration provides us with certain benefits, such as potentially more efficient product distribution practices and other reductions in costs of sales and distribution; however, customer concentration can also create additional risks for
our business. These risks can create potential detriments to our business resulting from the financial difficulties of our major customers which could lead to reductions in sales or unfavorable changes in our business relationships with one, or
more, of our major customers. Customer concentration may also decrease the prices we are able to obtain for some of our products and reduce the number of products we would otherwise be able to bring to market. During 2017, net revenues from our top
five customers accounted for approximately 42% of our consolidated global net revenues, including our three largest customers,  Wal-Mart  Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation who
represented 19%, 9% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated global net revenues. In the U.S. and Canada segment, approximately 61% of our net revenues were derived from these top three customers. The bankruptcy filing in September 2017 of Toys
“R” Us in the U.S. and Canada, and the difficulties of Toys “R” Us in the United Kingdom significantly impacted our sales and profitability in the fourth quarter of 2017 and we expect the financial difficulties of Toys
“R” Us will negatively impact our sales in 2018, with the greatest amount of that impact likely to be in the first half of 2018, as we right size our inventory with Toys “R” Us and as they close stores.  
 We advertise many of our toy and game products extensively on television and through digital marketing and advertising of our brands. Products are
strategically cross-promoted by spotlighting specific products alongside related offerings in a manner that promotes the sale of not only the selected item, but also those complementary products. In addition to those advertising initiatives, Hasbro
Studios produces entertainment based primarily on our brands which appears on Discovery Family Channel and other major networks globally as well as on various other digital platforms, such as Netflix and iTunes. In addition, Allspark Pictures and
Allspark Animation produce both animated and live action theatrical releases based on our brands. We also introduce many of our new products to major customers within one to two years leading up to their year of retail introduction. We generally
showcase certain new products in New York City at the time of the American International Toy Fair in February, as well as at other international toy shows, including in Hong Kong and Nuremburg, Germany. In 2017, 2016 and 2015, we incurred
$501.8 million, $468.9 million, and $409.4 million, respectively, in expense related to advertising and promotional programs.    Manufacturing and Importing    During 2017 substantially all of our
products were manufactured in third party facilities in the Far East, primarily China, as well as in two previously owned facilities located in East Longmeadow, Massachusetts and Waterford, Ireland. These facilities were owned by the Company through
August 2015, at which point they were sold to Cartamundi, who continues to manufacture significant quantities of game products for us under a multi-year manufacturing agreement.  
 We believe that the manufacturing capacity of our third-party manufacturers, as well as the supply of components, accessories and completed products
which we purchase from unaffiliated manufacturers, are adequate to meet the anticipated demand in 2018 for our products. Our reliance on designated external sources of manufacturing could be shifted, over a period of time, to alternative sources of
supply for our products, should such changes be necessary or desirable. However, if we were to be prevented from obtaining products from a substantial number of our current Far East suppliers due to political, labor or other factors beyond our
control, our operations and our ability to obtain products would be severely disrupted while alternative sources of product were secured and production shifted to those new sources. The imposition of trade sanctions, tariffs, border adjustment taxes
or other measures by the United States or the European Union against a class of products imported by us from, or the loss of “normal trade relations” status with, China, or other countries where we manufacture products, or other factors
which increase the cost of manufacturing in China, or other countries where we manufacture products, such as higher labor costs or an appreciation in the Chinese Yuan, could significantly disrupt our operations and/or significantly increase the cost
of the products which are manufactured and imported into other markets.    Most of our products are manufactured from basic raw materials
such as plastic, paper and cardboard, although certain products also make use of electronic components. All of these materials are readily available but may be subject to significant fluctuations in price. There are certain chemicals (including
phthalates and BPA) that  
      8  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
national, state and local governments have restricted or are seeking to restrict or limit the use of; however, we do not believe these restrictions have or will materially impact our business. We
generally enter into agreements with suppliers at the beginning of a fiscal year that establish prices for that year. However, significant volatility in the prices of any of these materials may require renegotiation with our suppliers during the
year.    The manufacturing processes of our vendors include injection molding, blow molding, spray painting, printing, box making and
assembly. The countries of the Far East, particularly China, constitute the largest manufacturing center of toys in the world and the majority of our toy products are manufactured in China. The 1996 implementation of the General Agreement on Tariffs
and Trade reduced or eliminated customs duties on many of the products imported by us.    Competition
   We are a worldwide leader in the development, design, sale and marketing of toys and games and other family entertainment
offerings, but our business is highly competitive. We compete with several large toy and game companies in our product categories, as well as many smaller United States and international toy and game designers, manufacturers and marketers. We also
compete with other companies that offer branded entertainment specific to children and their families. Given the ease of entry into our business we view our primary competition as coming from content providers who are creating entertainment
experiences that compete with our brand-driven storytelling for consumer attention. Businesses that create compelling content can readily translate that content into a full range of product offerings. Competition is based primarily on meeting
consumer entertainment preferences and on the quality and play value of our products and experiences. To a lesser extent, competition is also based on product pricing. In entertainment, Hasbro Studios and Discovery Family Channel compete with other
children’s and family television networks and entertainment producers, such as Nickelodeon, Cartoon Network and Disney Channel, for viewers, advertising revenue and distribution.  
 In addition to contending with competition from other toy and game and entertainment and storytelling companies, we contend with the phenomenon that
children are increasingly sophisticated and have been moving away from traditional toys and games at a younger age. The variety of product and entertainment offerings available for children has expanded and product life cycles have shortened as
children move on to more sophisticated offerings at earlier ages. We refer to this trend as “children getting older younger”. As a result, our products not only compete with those offerings produced by other toy and game manufacturers and
companies offering branded family play and entertainment, we also compete, particularly in meeting the demands of older children, with entertainment offerings of many technology companies, such as makers of tablets, mobile devices, video games and
other consumer electronic products.    The volatility in consumer preferences with respect to family entertainment and low barriers to
entry as well as the emergence of new technologies continually creates new opportunities for existing competitors and  start-ups  to develop products that compete with our entertainment and toy and game
offerings.       Employees  
 At December 31, 2017, we employed approximately 5,400 persons worldwide, approximately 2,800 of whom were located in the United States.
   Trademarks, Copyrights and Patents  
 We seek to protect our products, for the most part, and in as many countries as practical, through registered trademarks, copyrights and patents to
the extent that such protection is available, cost effective, and meaningful. The loss of such rights concerning any particular product is unlikely to result in significant harm to our business, although the loss of such protection for a number of
significant items might have such an effect.    Government Regulation  
 Our toy and game products sold in the United States are subject to the provisions of The Consumer Product Safety Act, as amended by the Consumer
Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008, (as amended, the “CPSA”), The Federal Hazardous Substances Act (the “FHSA”), The Flammable Fabrics Act (the “FFA”), and the regulations promulgated thereunder. In addition, a few
of our products, such as the food mixes for our EASY-BAKE ovens, are also subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration.    The
CPSA empowers the Consumer Product Safety Commission (the “CPSC”) to take action against hazards presented by consumer products, including the formulation and implementation of regulations and uniform safety
 
      9  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
standards. The CPSC has the authority to seek to declare a product “a banned hazardous substance” under the CPSA and to ban it from commerce. The CPSC can file an action to seize and
condemn an “imminently hazardous consumer product” under the CPSA and may also order equitable remedies such as recall, replacement, repair or refund for the product. The FHSA provides for the repurchase by the manufacturer of articles
that are banned.    Consumer product safety laws also exist in some states and cities within the United States and in many international
markets including Canada, Australia and Europe. We utilize independent third party laboratories that employ testing and other procedures intended to maintain compliance with the CPSA, the FHSA, the FFA, other applicable domestic and international
product standards, and our own standards. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that our products are or will be hazard free. Any material product recall or other safety issue impacting our products could have an adverse effect on
our results of operations or financial condition, depending on the product and scope of the recall, could damage our reputation and could negatively affect sales of our other products as well.  
 The Children’s Television Act of 1990 and the rules promulgated thereunder by the United States Federal Communications Commission, the rules
and regulations of the Federal Trade Commission, as well as the laws of certain other countries, also place limitations on television commercials during children’s programming and on advertising in other forms to children, and on the collection
of information from children, such as restrictions on collecting information from children under the age of thirteen subject to the provisions of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.  
 In addition to laws restricting the collection of information from children, our business is subject to other regulations, such as the General Data
Protection Regulation which becomes effective in the European Union in May 2018, which restrict the collection, use, and retention of person information from all persons. Failure to comply with those restrictions can subject us to severe
liabilities.    Further we maintain programs to comply with various United States federal, state, local and international requirements
relating to the environment, health, safety and other matters.       Financial Information about
Segments and Geographic Areas    The information required by this item is included in Note 20 of the notes to consolidated
financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this report and is incorporated herein by reference.  
 Executive Officers of the Registrant    The following persons are the executive officers of the Company. Such executive officers are elected annually. The position(s) and office(s) listed below are the principal position(s) and office(s) held by such
persons with the Company. The persons listed below generally also serve as officers and directors of certain of the Company’s various subsidiaries at the request and convenience of the Company.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name 
    
 Age 
   
    
 Position and Office Held 
    
 Period Serving in Current Position 
   


 
   Brian D. Goldner(1) 
    
   
 54 
   
    
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
    
   
 Since 2017 
   
 
   John A. Frascotti(2) 
    
   
 57 
   
    
 President 
    
   
 Since 2017 
   
 
   Deborah M. Thomas(3) 
    
   
 54 
   
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
   
 
   Duncan J. Billing(4) 
    
   
 59 
   
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy Officer 
    
   
 Since 2017 
   
 
   Tom Courtney(5) 
    
   
 57 
   
    
 Executive Vice President, Global Operations 
    
   
 Since 2017 
   
 
   Stephen Davis(6) 
    
   
 56 
   
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Content Officer 
    
   
 Since 2014 
   
 
   Barbara Finigan(7) 
    
   
 56 
   
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
    
   
 Since 2014 
   
 
   Dolph Johnson 
    
   
 59 
   
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
    
   
 Since 2012 
   
 
   Wiebe Tinga(8) 
    
   
 57 
   
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer 
    
   
 Since 2013 
   
     
 


 
 


 
   (1) Prior thereto, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer from 2015 to 2017; prior thereto, President and Chief
Executive Officer from 2008 to 2015. 
      10  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 

 
   (2) Prior thereto, President Hasbro Brands from 2014 to 2017; prior thereto, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
from 2013 to 2014; prior thereto, Senior Vice President and Global Chief Marketing Officer from 2008 to 2013. 
 
   (3) Prior thereto, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2009 to 2013. 
 
   (4) Prior thereto, Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Business Development from 2014 to 2017; Executive Vice President
and Chief Development Officer from 2013 to 2014; and Senior Vice President and Global Chief Development Officer from 2008 to 2013. 
 
   (5) Prior thereto, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Global Operations, from 2012 to 2017 
 
   (6) Prior thereto, President, Hasbro Studios, from 2009 to 2014. 
 
   (7) Prior thereto, Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary from 2010 to 2014. 
 
   (8) Prior thereto, President, North America from 2012 to 2013; prior thereto, President, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Emerging
Markets from 2006 to 2012. 
   Availability of Information  
 Our internet address is http://www.hasbro.com. We make our annual report on Form  10-K,  quarterly reports on
Form  10-Q,  current reports on Form  8-K,  and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, available free of charge on or through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
 The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
about issuers who file electronically. That site is at http://www.sec.gov.      
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors.     Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results    From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form  10-K  and in our annual report to shareholders, we make “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated financial performance or business prospects in future periods,
expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for scheduled new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and timing of planned
entertainment releases including motion pictures, television and digital content; and marketing and promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of
words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The
factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms  8-K,   10-Q  and  10-K.  We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form  10-K  or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share
amounts herein are expressed in millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.    Our strategy
involves focusing on franchise and key partner brands, and successfully developing those brands across the brand blueprint in a wide array of innovative toys and games, consumer products, storytelling and digital experiences. If we are not
successful in developing and expanding these critical brands our business will suffer.    We have made a strategic decision to
focus on fewer, larger global brands as we build our business. We are moving away from SKU making behaviors, which involve building a large number of products across many brands, towards global brand building with an emphasis on developing our
franchise and key partner brands, which we view as having the largest global potential. As we concentrate our efforts on a more select group of brands we can gain additional leverage and enhance the consumer experience. But this focus also
means that our future success  
      11  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
depends disproportionately on our ability to successfully develop this select group of brands across our brand blueprint and to maintain and extend the reach and relevance of these brands to
global consumers in a wide array of markets. This strategy has required us to build and develop competencies in new areas, including storytelling, digital content and consumer products. Developing and growing these competencies has required
significant effort, time and money.    In 2017 revenues from our seven franchise brands, LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY,
NERF, MY LITTLE PONY,  PLAY-DOH  and TRANSFORMERS, totaled 49% of our aggregate net revenues. Revenues from our key partner brands, including DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN, MARVEL, STAR WARS,
DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS, BEYBLADE and  YO-KAI  WATCH, constituted 24% of our aggregate net revenues in 2017. Together our franchise and partner brands account for the substantial majority of our revenues. If we
are unable to successfully maintain and develop our franchise and key partner brands in the future, continue to drive their relevance to consumers and grow sales of products and storytelling experiences based on those brands, our revenues and
profits will decline and our business performance will suffer. In addition to continuing to grow and develop our existing franchise brands, successfully executing our brand strategy requires us to successfully develop other brands, such as current
emerging brands, and elevate them to franchise brand status over time. There is no guarantee that we will be able to do this successfully. As an example of this process, in February 2018 we elevated BABY ALIVE to franchise brand status and moved
LITTLEST PET SHOP, which we are in the process of reinventing and which requires a different developmental approach at this point, out of Franchise Brands and into Emerging Brands.  
 Consumer interests change rapidly, making it difficult to create storytelling experiences and to design and develop
products which will be popular with children and families, or to maintain the popularity of successful products and brands.    The
interests of children and families evolve extremely quickly and can change dramatically from year to year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate the types of entertainment content, products and play patterns which will capture
children’s and families’ interests and imagination and quickly develop and introduce innovative products which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. This challenge is more difficult with
the ever increasing utilization of technology and digital media in entertainment offerings, and the increasing breadth of entertainment available to consumers. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever changing and
expanding pipeline of entertainment and consumer properties and products which compete for children’s and families’ interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, and other
products can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, individual children’s and family entertainment products and properties often have short consumer life cycles. If we devote time and
resources to developing and marketing entertainment and products that consumers do not find interesting enough to buy in sufficient quantities to be profitable to us, our revenues and profits may decline and our business performance may be damaged.
Similarly, if our product offerings and entertainment fail to correctly anticipate consumer interests our revenues and earnings will be reduced.    Additionally, our business is increasingly global and depends on interest in and acceptance of our children’s and family entertainment products and properties by consumers in diverse markets around the world
with different tastes and preferences. As such, our success depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences in multiple markets and geographies and to design product and entertainment
offerings that can achieve popularity globally over a broad and diverse consumer audience. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully develop and market products with global appeal.  
 The challenge of continuously developing and offering products and storytelling experiences that are sought after by
children is compounded by the sophistication of today’s children and the increasing array of technology and entertainment offerings available to them.    Children are increasingly utilizing electronic offerings such as tablet devices and mobile phones and they are expanding their interests to a wider array of innovative, technology-driven entertainment products and
digital and social media offerings at younger and younger ages. Our products compete with the offerings of consumer electronics companies, digital media and social media companies. To meet this challenge we, and our competitors, are designing
and marketing products which incorporate increasing technology, seek to integrate digital and analog play, and aim to capitalize on new play patterns and increased consumption of digital and social media.  
 With the increasing array of competitive entertainment offerings, there is no guarantee that:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any of our brands, products or product lines will achieve popularity or continue to be popular;  
   
      12  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any property for which we have a significant license will achieve or sustain popularity;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any new products or product lines we introduce will be considered interesting to consumers and achieve an adequate market acceptance; or
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Any product’s life cycle or sales quantities will be sufficient to permit us to profitably recover our development, manufacturing, marketing, royalties
(including royalty advances and guarantees) and other costs of producing, marketing and selling the product.    Storytelling across media is an increasingly important factor for driving brand awareness and successfully building brands.  
 Entertainment media, in forms such as television, motion pictures, digital content and other media, have become increasingly important platforms for
consumers to experience our brands and our partners’ brands and the success, or lack of success, of such media efforts can significantly impact the demand for our products and our financial performance. We spend considerable resources in
designing and developing products in conjunction with planned media releases, both by our partners and our own media releases. Not only our efforts, but the efforts of third parties, such as motion picture studios with whom we work, heavily impact
the timing of media development, release dates and the ultimate consumer interest in and success of these media efforts.    In 2017, we
developed and marketed significant product lines tied to the scheduled motion picture releases by key partners of DISNEY’S BEAUTY AND THE BEAST, MARVEL’S GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2, SPIDERMAN: HOMECOMING, THOR:RAGNOROK and STAR
WARS: THE LAST JEDI. For 2018, we are developing and marketing significant product lines tied to the scheduled motion picture releases by key partners of a number of properties, including BLACK PANTHER, AVENGERS: INFINITY WARS, SOLO: A STAR WARS
STORY and  ANT-MAN  AND THE WASP. Those motion pictures are all being developed and released by our partners and our partners control the content and schedule for such motion pictures. Other key partner product
lines we are offering, such as BEYBLADE and YOKAI-WATCH, depend on television support by our partners for their successes. Similarly, we are developing and marketing products for entertainment we play a more active role in developing or develop
ourselves, such as TRANSFORMERS, MY LITTLE PONY and BUMBLEBEE. If those motion pictures, television shows, or any other key entertainment content for which we develop and market products are not as successful as we and our partners anticipate, our
revenues and earnings will fall. As an example, in the fourth quarter of 2017 our sales of products related to STAR WARS: THE LAST JEDI were significantly below our expectations and that was a factor that caused us to miss our revenue expectations
for that quarter.    The ultimate timing and success of such projects is critically dependent on the efforts and schedules of our
licensors, and studio and media partners. We do not fully control when or if any particular motion picture projects will be greenlit, developed or released, and our licensors or media partners may change their plans with respect to projects and
release dates or cancel development all together. This can make it difficult for us to get feature films developed, plan future entertainment slates and to successfully develop and market products in conjunction with future motion picture and
other media releases, given the lengthy lead times involved in product development and successful marketing efforts, and the fact that third party partners of ours may decide not to develop such entertainment.  
 When we say that products or brands will be supported by certain media releases, those statements are based on our current plans and expectations.
Unforeseen factors may increase the cost of these releases, delay these media releases or even lead to their cancellation. Any delay or cancellation of planned product development work, introductions, or media support may decrease the number of
products we sell and harm our business.    Lack of sufficient consumer interest in entertainment media we
produce or for which we offer products can harm our business.    Motion pictures, television, digital content or other media we produce or for
which we develop products may not be as popular with consumers as we anticipated. While it is difficult to anticipate what products may be sought after by consumers, it can be even more difficult to properly predict the popularity of media
efforts and properties given the broad array of competing offerings. If our or our partners’ media efforts, and related product offerings, fail to garner sufficient consumer interest and acceptance, our revenues and the financial return from
such efforts will be harmed.    Under the relationship we entered with Paramount in October 2017 we plan to play a bigger role in the
production and financing of motion pictures based on our properties. That has the advantage of giving us more input to what properties are developed into motion pictures and when, and can allow us to earn a greater return from successful films, but
it also increases the money we will directly spend on film production and puts that  
      13  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
investment at risk. If our motion pictures are not as successful as we anticipate they will be, or if we are not able to produce and distribute films according to the schedule we have planned,
our financial performance will be negatively impacted.    Discovery Family Channel, our cable television joint venture with Discovery
Communications, Inc. in the United States, competes with a number of other children’s television networks for viewers, advertising revenue and distribution fees. There is no guarantee that Discovery Family Channel will be successful. Similarly,
Hasbro Studios’ programming distributed both domestically and internationally, Allspark Animation and Allspark Pictures releases and Backflip Studio’s digital products compete with content from many other parties. Lack of consumer interest
in and acceptance of content developed by Hasbro Studios, Allspark Animation, Allspark Pictures and Backflip Studios, or other content appearing on Discovery Family Channel, and products related to that content, could significantly harm our
business. Similarly, our business could be harmed by greater than expected costs, or unexpected delays or difficulties, associated with our investment in Discovery Family Channel, such as difficulties in increasing subscribers to the network or in
building advertising revenues for Discovery Family Channel. During 2017 we spent $48.0 million for television programming and film projects being developed by Hasbro Studios and we anticipate that we will continue spending at comparable or
higher levels in 2018 and future years.    At December 31, 2017, $238.0 million, or 4.5%, of our total assets, represented our
investments in the Discovery Family Channel. If the Discovery Family Channel is not successful our investments may become impaired, which could result in a write-down through net earnings.  
 The children’s and family entertainment industry and consumer products industry are highly competitive and the
barriers to entry are low. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors or with our retailers’ private label toy products our revenues, market share and profitability could decline.  
 The children’s and family entertainment industry and the consumer products industry are, and will continue to be, highly competitive. We
compete in the United States and internationally with a wide array of large and small manufacturers, marketers, and sellers of analog toys and games, digital gaming products, digital media, products which combine analog and digital play, and other
entertainment and consumer products, as well as with retailers who offer such products under their own private labels. In addition, we compete with other companies who are focused on building their brands across multiple product and consumer
categories. Across our business, we face competitors who are constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas which will appeal to consumers and introducing new products that compete with our products for
consumer acceptance and purchase.    In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the children’s
and family entertainment industry and in the consumer products industry are low, and the increasing importance of digital media, and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new
participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of companies we compete with. New participants with a popular product idea or entertainment property can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our
products in a very short period of time. These existing and new competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences. Our competitors’ products may achieve greater market acceptance than our products
and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and lower our profitability.    In recent years, retailers have also
developed their own private-label products that directly compete with the products of traditional manufacturers and brand owners. Some retail chains that are our customers sell private-label children’s and family entertainment products
designed, manufactured and branded by the retailers themselves. These products may be sold at prices lower than our prices for comparable products, which may result in lower purchases of our products by these retailers and may reduce our market
share.    An inability to develop and introduce planned products, product lines and new brands in a timely
and cost-effective manner may damage our business.    In developing products, product lines and new brands we have anticipated dates for the
associated product and brand introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain time in the future those expectations are based on completing the associated
development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a
cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. Further, ecommerce is growing significantly and accounting
for a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products to  
      14  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
consumers. Ecommerce retailers tend to hold less inventory and take inventory closer to the time of sale to consumers than traditional retailers. The risk is also exacerbated by the increasing
sophistication of many of the products we are designing, and brands we are developing in terms of combining digital and analog technologies, utilizing digital media to a greater degree, and providing greater innovation and product
differentiation. Unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date
for products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability of such products or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued.  
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly impact our reported financial performance.
   Our global operations mean we produce and buy products, and sell products, in many different jurisdictions with many different
currencies. As a result, if the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and a local currency for an international market in which we have significant sales or operations changes, our financial results as reported in U.S. dollars, may be
meaningfully impacted even if our business in the local currency is not significantly affected. As an example, if the dollar appreciates 10% relative to a local currency for an international market in which we had $200 million of net revenues,
the dollar value of those sales, as they are translated into U.S. dollars, would decrease by $20 million in our consolidated financial results. As such, we would recognize a $20 million decrease in our net revenues, even if the actual
level of sales in the foreign market had not changed. Similarly, our expenses can be significantly impacted, in U.S. dollar terms, by exchange rates, meaning the profitability of our business in U.S. dollar terms can be negatively impacted
by exchange rate movements which we do not control. During 2015 and 2016, certain key currencies, such as the Euro, Russian Ruble, and Brazilian Real depreciated significantly compared to the U.S. dollar. This depreciation had a significant negative
impact on our revenues and earnings. Depreciation in key currencies during 2018 and beyond may have a significant negative impact on our revenues and earnings as they are reported in U.S. dollars.  
 Global and regional economic downturns that negatively impact the retail and credit markets, or that otherwise damage
the financial health of our retail customers and consumers, can harm our business and financial performance.    We design,
manufacture and market a wide variety of entertainment and consumer products worldwide through sales to our retail customers and directly to consumers. Our financial performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer spending in the
markets in which we operate. Recessions, credit crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the United States and in other markets in which our products are marketed and sold can result in lower levels of economic
activity, lower employment levels, less consumer disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. Similarly, reductions in the value of key assets held by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower consumer confidence and
consumer spending power. Any of these factors can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products. This in turn can reduce our revenues and harm our financial performance and profitability.  
 In addition to experiencing potentially lower revenues from our products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to maintain sales during
such times we may need to reduce the price of our products, increase our promotional spending and/or sales allowances, or take other steps to encourage retailer and consumer purchase of our products. Those steps may lower our net revenues or
increase our costs, thereby decreasing our operating margins and lowering our profitability.    As an example of these risks, our revenues
and profitability for 2017 were negatively impacted by economic downturns and resulting lower sales of our products in the United Kingdom and in Brazil. The economic downturn in the United Kingdom was partly caused by uncertainly around Brexit. If
these markets, or other significant markets, experience economic difficulties in 2018 it can harm our business and financial results.    An increasing portion of our business is expected to come from emerging markets, and growing business in emerging markets presents additional challenges.  
 We expect an increasing portion of our net revenues to come from emerging markets in the future, including Eastern Europe, Latin America, Africa and
Asia. In 2017 revenues in emerging markets constituted approximately 14% of our net revenues, up from only 6% of our net revenues in 2010. Over time, we expect our emerging market net revenues to continue to grow both in absolute terms and as a
percentage of our overall business as one of our key business strategies is to increase our presence in emerging and underserved international markets. Operating in an increasing number of markets, each with its own unique consumer preferences
and business climates, presents additional challenges that we must meet. In addition to the need to successfully anticipate and serve different  
      15  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
global consumer preferences and interests, sales and operations in emerging markets that we have entered, may enter, or may increase our presence in, are subject to other risks associated with
international operations, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and
regulations that impact our product offerings and related enforcement;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite different from the
United States;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and interruptions;
and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The imposition of tariffs, border adjustment taxes, quotas, or other protectionist measures.  
 Because of the importance of our emerging market net revenues, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if any of the risks
described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our emerging market business.  
 Our business depends in large part on the success of our key partner brands and on our ability to maintain and extend
solid relationships with our key partners.    As part of our strategy, in addition to developing and marketing products based on
properties we own or control, we also seek to obtain licenses enabling us to develop and market products based on popular entertainment properties owned by third parties.    We currently have  in-licenses  to several successful entertainment properties, including MARVEL and STAR WARS, as well as DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN. These
licenses typically have multi-year terms and provide us with the right to market and sell designated classes of products. In recent years our sales of products under the MARVEL and STAR WARS licenses have been highly significant to our
business. In 2016 we began sales of products based on the DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN properties, which contributed significantly to our performance. If we fail to meet our contractual commitments and/or any of these licenses were to
terminate and not be renewed, or the popularity of any of these licensed properties was to significantly decline, our business would be damaged and we would need to successfully develop and market other products to replace the products previously
offered under license.    Our license to the MARVEL property is granted from Marvel Entertainment, LLC and Marvel Characters B.V. (together
“Marvel”). Our license to the STAR WARS property is granted by Lucas Licensing Ltd. and Lucasfilm Ltd. (together “Lucas”). Both Marvel and Lucas are owned by The Walt Disney Company.  
 Our business is seasonal and therefore our annual operating results will depend, in large part, on our sales during
the relatively brief holiday shopping season. This seasonality is exacerbated by retailers’ quick response inventory management techniques.    Sales of our toys, games and other family entertainment products at retail are extremely seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from September through December in anticipation of the
holiday season. This seasonality has increased over time, as retailers become more efficient in their control of inventory levels through quick response inventory management techniques. Further, ecommerce is growing significantly and accounting for
a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products to consumers. Ecommerce retailers tend to hold less inventory and take inventory closer to the time of sale to consumers than traditional retailers. As a result, customers are timing their
orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase by consumers. For toys, games and other family entertainment products which we produce, a majority of retail sales for the entire year generally occur in
the fourth quarter, close to the holiday season. As a consequence, the majority of our sales to our customers occur in the period from September through December, as our customers do not want to maintain large
 on-hand  inventories throughout the year ahead of consumer demand. While these techniques reduce a retailer’s investment in inventory, they increase pressure on suppliers like us to fill orders promptly
and thereby shift a significant portion of inventory risk and carrying costs to the supplier.    The level of inventory carried by
retailers may also reduce or delay retail sales resulting in lower revenues for us. If we or our customers determine that one of our products is more popular at retail than was originally anticipated, we may not have sufficient time to produce and
ship enough additional products to fully meet consumer demand. Additionally, the logistics of supplying more and more product within shorter time periods increases the risk that  
      16  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
we will fail to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules, which also may reduce our sales and harm our financial performance. This seasonal pattern requires significant use of working
capital, mainly to manufacture or acquire inventory during the portion of the year prior to the holiday season, and requires accurate forecasting of demand for products during the holiday season in order to avoid losing potential sales of popular
products or producing excess inventory of products that are less popular with consumers. Our failure to accurately predict and respond to consumer demand, resulting in under producing popular items and/or overproducing less popular items, would
reduce our total sales and harm our results of operations. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and adversely affected, in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread
more evenly throughout the year, by unforeseen events such as a terrorist attack or economic shock that harm the retail environment or consumer buying patterns during our key selling season, or by events such as strikes or port delays that interfere
with the shipment of goods, particularly from the Far East, during the critical months leading up to the holiday shopping season.    The concentration of our retail customer base means that economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing or promotional policies or patterns of our major customers could have a
significant impact on us.    We depend upon a relatively small retail customer base to sell the majority of our products. For the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2017,  Wal-Mart  Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation, accounted for approximately 19%, 9% and 9%, respectively, of our consolidated net revenues
and our five largest customers, including  Wal-Mart,  Toys “R” Us and Target, in the aggregate accounted for approximately 42% of our consolidated net revenues. In the U.S. and Canada segment,
approximately 61% of the net revenues of the segment were derived from our top three customers. If one or more of our major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us,
significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, favor competitors or new entrants, increase their direct competition with us by expanding their private-label business, change their purchasing patterns, alter the manner in which they
promote our products or the resources they devote to promoting and selling our products, or return substantial amounts of our products, it could significantly harm our sales, profitability and financial condition. As an example of this, the
bankruptcy filing by Toys “R” Us in the U.S. and Canada in September 2017, and associated reductions in inventory taken by Toys “R” Us for the holiday season, as well as the inability of Toys “R” Us to pay certain
outstanding receivables, significantly impacted our sales and profitability in the fourth quarter of 2017. We expect the ongoing financial situation with Toys “R” Us, including its difficulties in the United Kingdom, will negatively impact
our sales in 2018, with the greatest amount of that impact likely to be in the first half of 2018, and potentially for additional periods, based on the level of store closures and how much the sales lost through Toys “R” Us are picked up
by other retail and  e-commerce  channels.    Customers make no binding long-term commitments to us
regarding purchase volumes and make all purchases by delivering purchase orders. Any customer could reduce its overall purchase of our products, and reduce the number and variety of our products that it carries and the shelf space allotted for our
products. In addition, increased concentration among our customers could also negatively impact our ability to negotiate higher sales prices for our products and could result in lower gross margins than would otherwise be obtained if there were
less consolidation among our customers. Furthermore, the bankruptcy or other lack of success of one or more of our significant retail customers could negatively impact our revenues and profitability.  
 Part of our strategy to remain relevant to children and families is to offer innovative products incorporating
progressive technology, integrating digital and analog play. These products can be more difficult and expensive to design and manufacture which may reduce margins on some or a portion of these products compared to more traditional toys and games and
such products may have short life spans.    As childhood evolves and children become more interested in sophisticated product
offerings, such as video games, consumer electronics and social and digital media, at younger and younger ages, we have sought to keep our products relevant and interesting for these consumers. To continue capturing the interest of sophisticated
youth, we must offer innovative children’s electronic toy and game products. This is another key to our strategy; complementing analog play with digital integration and investing in technology development. These electronic and digital products,
if successful, can be an effective way for us to connect with consumers and increase our sales. However, children’s electronic and digital products, in addition to the risks associated with our other family entertainment products, also face
certain additional risks.    Costs associated with designing, developing and producing technologically advanced or sophisticated products
tend to be higher than for many of our other more traditional products, such as board games and action figures. The ability to sell enough of these advanced products, at prices high enough to recoup our costs and make a profit, is constrained by
heavy competition in consumer electronics and entertainment products, and can be further constrained by difficult economic conditions. As a result, we can face increased risk of not achieving sales
 
      17  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
sufficient to recover our costs and we may lose money on the development and sale of these products. Additionally, designing, developing and producing technologically advanced or sophisticated
products requires different competencies and follows different timelines than traditional toys and games. Delays in the design, development or production of these products incorporated into or associated with traditional toys and games could
have a significant impact on our ability to successfully offer such products. In addition, the pace of change in product offerings and consumer tastes in the electronics and digital gaming areas is potentially even greater than for our other
products. This pace of change means that the window in which a product can achieve and maintain consumer interest may be even shorter than traditional toys and games.    Our substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside the United States subject us to risks associated with international operations.  
 We operate facilities and sell products in numerous countries outside the United States. For the year ended December 31, 2017, our net revenues
from the International segment comprised approximately 43% of our total consolidated net revenues. We expect net revenues from our International segment to continue accounting for a significant portion of our revenues. In fact, over time, we expect
our international sales and operations to continue to grow both in dollars and as a percentage of our overall business as a result of a key business strategy to expand our presence in emerging and underserved international markets. Additionally, as
we discuss below, we utilize third-party manufacturers primarily located in the Far East to produce most of our products. These international sales and manufacturing operations, including operations in emerging markets , are subject to risks that
may significantly harm our sales, increase our costs or otherwise damage our business, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions, which can materially increase our taxes and other
costs of doing business;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Political instability, civil unrest and economic instability;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and
regulations and related enforcement;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite different from the
United States;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Natural disasters and the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Transportation delays and interruptions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and interruptions;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The imposition of tariffs, quotas, border adjustment taxes or other protectionist measures.  
 Because of the importance of international sales, sourcing and manufacturing to our business, our financial condition and results of operations
could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasing global business.    Other economic and public health conditions in the markets in which we operate, including rising commodity and fuel prices, higher labor costs, increased transportation costs, outbreaks
of public health pandemics or other diseases, or third party conduct could negatively impact our ability to produce and ship our products, and lower our revenues, margins and profitability.  
 Various economic and public health conditions can impact our ability to manufacture and deliver products in a timely and cost-effective manner, or
can otherwise have a significant negative impact on our revenues, profitability and business.    Significant increases in the costs of
other products which are required by consumers, such as gasoline, home heating fuels, or groceries, may reduce household spending on the discretionary branded-play entertainment  
      18  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
products we offer. As we discussed above, weakened economic conditions, lowered employment levels or recessions in any of our major markets may significantly reduce consumer purchases of our
products. In 2017 our business was negatively impacted by weaker economic conditions in the United Kingdom and Brazil, two of our significant markets. Economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by terrorist attacks, wars and other
conflicts, natural disasters, increases in critical commodity prices or labor costs, or the prospect of such events. Such a weakened economic and business climate, as well as consumer uncertainty created by such a climate, could harm our revenues
and profitability.    Our success and profitability not only depend on consumer demand for our products, but also on our ability to produce
and sell those products at costs which allow for us to make a profit. Rising fuel and raw material prices, for paperboard and other components such as resin used in plastics or electronic components, increased transportation costs, and increased
labor costs in the markets in which our products are manufactured all may increase the costs we incur to produce and transport our products, which in turn may reduce our margins, reduce our profitability and harm our business.  
 Other conditions, such as the unavailability of sufficient quantities of electrical components, may impede our ability to manufacture, source and
ship new and continuing products on a timely basis. Additional factors outside of our control could further delay our products or increase the cost we pay to produce such products. For example, work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes, an outbreak of a
severe public health pandemic, a natural disaster or the occurrence or threat of wars or other conflicts, all could impact our ability to manufacture or deliver product. Any of these factors could result in product delays, increased costs and/or
lost sales for our products.    We may not realize the full benefit of our licenses if the licensed material
has less market appeal than expected or if revenue from the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum guaranteed royalties.    In addition to designing and developing products based on our own brands, we seek to fulfill consumer preferences and interests by producing products based on popular entertainment properties developed by third
parties and licensed to us. The success of entertainment properties for which we have a license, such as MARVEL, STAR WARS, SESAME STREET, DISNEY PRINCESS, DISNEY FROZEN, TROLLS, YOKAI-WATCH or BEYBLADE, and the ability of us to successfully market
and sell related products, can significantly affect our revenues and profitability. If we produce a line of products based on a movie or television series, the success of the movie or series has a critical impact on the level of consumer interest in
the associated products we are offering. In addition, competition in our industry for access to entertainment properties can lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew popular licenses to entertainment products on beneficial terms, if at all,
and to attract and retain the talented employees necessary to design, develop and market successful products based on these properties.  
 The license agreements we enter to obtain these rights usually require us to pay minimum royalty guarantees that may be substantial, and in some
cases may be greater than what we are ultimately able to recoup from actual sales, which could result in write-offs of significant amounts which in turn would harm our results of operations. At December 31, 2017, we had $81.5 million of
prepaid royalties, $31.4 million of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $50.1 million of which are included in other assets. Under the terms of existing contracts as of December 31, 2017, we may be
required to pay additional future minimum guaranteed royalties and other licensing fees totaling approximately $279.6 million. Acquiring or renewing licenses may require the payment of minimum guaranteed royalties that we consider to be too
high to be profitable, which may result in losing licenses that we currently hold when they become available for renewal, or missing business opportunities for new licenses. Additionally, as a licensee of entertainment-based properties we have no
guaranty that a particular property or brand will translate into successful toy, game or other family entertainment products, and underperformance of any such products may result in reduced revenues and operating profit for us.  
 We anticipate that the shorter theatrical duration for movie releases may make it increasingly difficult for us to profitably sell licensed products
based on entertainment properties and may lead our customers to reduce their demand for these products in order to minimize their inventory risk. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that a successful brand will continue to be successful or
maintain a high level of sales in the future, as new entertainment properties and competitive products are continually being introduced to the market. In the event that we are not able to acquire or maintain successful entertainment licenses on
advantageous terms, our revenues and profits may be harmed.    Our use of third-party manufacturers to
produce our products, as well as certain other products, presents risks to our business.    With the sale of our remaining
manufacturing facilities in 2015, all of our products are now manufactured by third-party manufacturers, the majority of which are located in China. Should changes be necessary, our external  
      19  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
sources of manufacturing can be shifted, over a significant period of time, to alternative sources of supply. If we were prevented or delayed in obtaining products or components for a material
portion of our product line due to political, civil, labor or other factors beyond our control, including natural disasters or pandemics, our operations may be substantially disrupted, potentially for a significant period of time. This delay could
significantly reduce our revenues and profitability and harm our business while alternative sources of supply are secured.    Given that
our toy manufacturing is conducted by third-party manufacturers, the majority of whom are located in China, health conditions and other factors affecting social and economic activity in China and affecting the movement of people and products into
and from China to our major markets, including North America and Europe, as well as increases in the costs of labor and other costs of doing business in China, could have a significant negative impact on our operations, revenues and earnings.
   Factors that could negatively affect our business include a potential significant revaluation of the Chinese Yuan, which may result in
an increase in the cost of producing products in China, labor shortages and increases in labor costs in China as well as difficulties in moving products manufactured in China out of Asia and through the ports in North America and Europe, whether due
to port congestion, labor disputes, slow-downs, product regulations and/or inspections or other factors. Prolonged disputes or slowdowns at west coast ports can negatively impact both the time and cost of transporting goods into the United States.
Natural disasters or health pandemics impacting China can also have a significant negative impact on our business.    Further, the
imposition of tariffs, border adjustment taxes, trade sanctions or other regulations or economic penalties by the United States or the European Union against products imported by us from China or other foreign countries, or the loss of “normal
trade relations” status with China or other foreign countries in which we operate, could significantly increase our cost of products imported into the United States or Europe and harm our business. Additionally, the suspension of the operations
of a third-party manufacturer by government inspectors in China or another market in which we source products could result in delays to us in obtaining product and may harm sales.  
 We require our third-party manufacturers to comply with our Global Business Ethics Principles, which are designed to prevent products manufactured
for us from being produced under inhumane or exploitive conditions. Our Global Business Ethics Principles address a number of issues, including working hours and compensation, health and safety, and abuse and discrimination. In addition, we require
that our products supplied by third-party manufacturers be produced in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including consumer and product safety laws in the markets where those products are sold. Hasbro has the right and exercises
such right, both directly and through the use of outside monitors, to monitor compliance by our third-party manufacturers with our Global Business Ethics Principles and other manufacturing requirements. In addition, we do quality assurance testing
on our products, including products manufactured for us by third parties. Notwithstanding these requirements and our monitoring and testing of compliance with them, there is always a risk that one or more of our third-party manufacturers will not
comply with our requirements and that we will not immediately discover such  non-compliance.  Any failure of our third-party manufacturers to comply with labor, consumer, product safety or other applicable
requirements in manufacturing products for us could result in damage to our reputation, harm sales of our products and potentially create liability for us.    If we are unable to successfully adapt to the evolution of gaming, our revenues and profitability may decline.  
 Recognizing the critical need for increased innovation and a change in the way we go to market with gaming products in order to remain successful in
the gaming business in the future, we began implementing a strategy in 2011 to reinvent our gaming business. Our strategy to drive our gaming business in the future involved substantial changes in how we develop and market our gaming products
to consumers and how we position them at retail, with a focus on understanding consumer insights, rapidly identifying and understanding social media trends, understanding popular gaming mechanics and in delivering industry leading innovation in
gaming, a change in our allocation of focus across gaming brands, greater penetration of our brands into digital gaming and the successful combination of analog and digital gaming. Our strategy involves making fundamental changes in how we
design and develop our gaming products. We recognize the need to provide immersive game play that is easy for consumers to learn and play in shorter periods of time, as well as offer innovative face to face, off the board and digital gaming
opportunities. People are gaming in greater numbers than ever before, but the nature of gaming has and continues to evolve quickly. To be successful our gaming offerings must evolve to anticipate and meet these changes in consumer
gaming. Our failure to successfully implement our strategy and to keep up with the evolution of gaming could substantially harm our business, resulting in lost revenues and lost profits.  
      20  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our success is critically dependent on the efforts and dedication of
our officers and other employees.    Our officers and employees are at the heart of all of our efforts. It is their skill,
innovation and hard work that drive our success. We compete with many other potential employers in recruiting, hiring and retaining our senior management team and our many other skilled officers and other employees around the world. There is no
guarantee that we will be able to recruit, hire or retain the senior management, officers and other employees we need to succeed. Additionally, we have experienced significant changes in our workforce from our restructuring efforts and the
recruitment and hiring of new skill sets required for our changing global business. We have added hundreds of employees in our global markets, in licensing and in entertainment and storytelling capabilities, while reducing our workforce in
other areas over the last several years. These changes in employee composition, both in terms of global distribution and in skill sets, have required changes in our business. Our loss of key management or other employees, or our inability
to hire talented people with the skill sets we need for our changing business, could significantly harm our business.  
 To remain competitive we must continuously work to increase efficiency and reduce costs, but there is no guarantee we
will be successful in this regard.    Our business is extremely competitive, the pace of change in our industry is getting faster
and our competitors are always working to be more efficient and profitable. To compete we must continuously improve our processes, increase efficiency and work to reduce our expenses. We intend to achieve this partly by focusing on fewer,
more global brand initiatives and through process improvements, including in global product development. However, these actions are no guarantee we will achieve our cost savings goal and we may realize fewer benefits than are expected from this
initiative.    Our business is critically dependent on our intellectual property rights and we may not be
able to protect such rights successfully.    Our intellectual property, including our trademarks and tradenames, copyrights,
patents, and rights under our license agreements and other agreements that establish our intellectual property rights and maintain the confidentiality of our intellectual property, is of critical value. We rely on a combination of trade secret,
copyright, trademark, patent and other proprietary rights laws to protect our rights to valuable intellectual property related to our brands in the United States and around the world. From time to time, third parties have challenged, and may in the
future try to challenge, our ownership of our intellectual property in the United States and around the world. In addition, our business is subject to the risk of third parties counterfeiting our products or infringing on our intellectual property
rights. We may need to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Similarly, third parties may claim ownership over certain aspects of our products or other
intellectual property. Our failure to successfully protect our intellectual property rights could significantly harm our business and competitive position.    We have a material amount of acquired product rights which, if impaired, would result in a reduction of our net earnings.  
 Much of our intellectual property has been internally developed and has no carrying value on our consolidated balance sheets. However, as of
December 31, 2017, we had $217.4 million of acquired product and licensing rights included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheet. Declines in the profitability of the acquired brands or licensed products or our decision to
reduce our focus or exit these brands may impact our ability to recover the carrying value of the related assets and could result in an impairment charge. Reduction in our net earnings caused by impairment charges could harm our financial results.
   We rely on external financing, including our credit facility, to help fund our operations. If we were
unable to obtain or service such financing, or if the restrictions imposed by such financing were too burdensome, our business would be harmed.    Due to the seasonal nature of our business, in order to meet our working capital needs, particularly those in the third and fourth quarters, we rely on our commercial paper program, revolving credit facility and
our other credit facilities for working capital. We currently have a commercial paper program which, subject to market conditions, and availability under our committed revolving credit facility, allows us to issue up to $1,000 million in
aggregate amount of commercial paper outstanding from time to time as a source of working capital funding and liquidity. There is no guarantee that we will be able to issue commercial paper on favorable terms, or at all, at any given point in time.
 
      21  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We also have a revolving credit agreement that expires in 2020, which provides for a
$1,000 million committed revolving credit facility and a further source of working capital funding and liquidity. This facility also supports borrowings under our commercial paper program. The credit agreement contains certain restrictive
covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility. These restrictive covenants may limit our future actions as well as our financial, operating and strategic
flexibility. In addition, our financial covenants were set at the time we entered into our credit facility. Our performance and financial condition may not meet our original expectations, causing us to fail to meet such financial covenants.  Non-compliance  with our debt covenants could result in us being unable to utilize borrowings under our revolving credit facility and other bank lines, a circumstance which potentially could occur when operating
shortfalls would most require supplementary borrowings to enable us to continue to fund our operations.    Not only may our individual
financial performance impact our ability to access sources of external financing, but significant disruptions to credit markets in general may also harm our ability to obtain financing. In times of severe economic downturn and/or distress in the
credit markets, it is possible that one or more sources of external financing may be unable or unwilling to provide funding to us. In such a situation, it may be that we would be unable to access funding under our existing credit facilities, and it
might not be possible to find alternative sources of funding.    We also may choose to finance our capital needs, from time to time,
through the issuance of debt securities. Our ability to issue such securities on satisfactory terms, if at all, will depend on the state of our business and financial condition, any ratings issued by major credit rating agencies, market interest
rates, and the overall condition of the financial and credit markets at the time of the offering. The condition of the credit markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated significantly in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future.
Variations in these factors could make it difficult for us to sell debt securities or require us to offer higher interest rates in order to sell new debt securities. The failure to receive financing on desirable terms, or at all, could damage our
ability to support our future operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities.    As of December 31, 2017, we had
$1,709.9 million of total principal amount of long-term debt outstanding. If we are unable to generate sufficient available cash flow to service our outstanding debt we would need to refinance such debt or face default. There is no guarantee
that we would be able to refinance debt on favorable terms, or at all.    As a manufacturer of consumer
products and a large multinational corporation, we are subject to various government regulations and may be subject to additional regulations in the future, violation of which could subject us to sanctions or otherwise harm our business. In
addition, we could be the subject of future product liability suits or product recalls, which could harm our business.    As a
manufacturer of consumer products, we are subject to significant government regulations, including, in the United States, under The Consumer Products Safety Act, The Federal Hazardous Substances Act, and The Flammable Fabrics Act, as well as under
product safety and consumer protection statutes in our international markets. In addition, certain of our products are subject to regulation by the Food and Drug Administration or similar international authorities. In addition, advertising to
children is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission, the Federal Communications Commission and a host of other agencies globally, and the collection of information from children under the age of thirteen is subject to the provisions of
the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and other privacy laws around the world. The collection or personally identifiable information from anyone, including adults, is under increasing regulation in many markets, and in May of 2018 the
General Data Protection Regulation will become effective in the European Union. While we take all the steps we believe are necessary to comply with these acts and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will be in compliance and failure to
comply with these acts could result in sanctions which could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may also be subject to involuntary product recalls or may voluntarily conduct a
product recall. While costs associated with product recalls have generally not been material to our business, the costs associated with future product recalls individually or in the aggregate in any given fiscal year could be significant. In
addition, any product recall, regardless of direct costs of the recall, may harm consumer perceptions of our products and have a negative impact on our future revenues and results of operations.  
 Governments and regulatory agencies in the markets where we manufacture and sell products may enact additional regulations relating to product
safety and consumer protection in the future and may also increase the penalties for failure to comply with product safety and consumer protection regulations. In addition, one or more of our customers might require changes in our products, such as
the  non-use  of certain materials, in the future. Complying with any such additional regulations or requirements could impose increased costs on our business. Similarly, increased penalties for  non-compliance  could subject us to greater expense in the event any of our  
      22  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
products were found to not comply with such regulations. Such increased costs or penalties could harm our business.    As a large, multinational corporation, we are subject to a host of governmental regulations throughout the world, including antitrust, customs and tax requirements, anti-boycott regulations, environmental
regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Complying with these regulations imposes costs on us which can reduce our profitability and our failure to successfully comply with any such legal requirements could subject us to monetary
liabilities and other sanctions that could further harm our business and financial condition.    We may not
realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or investments in joint ventures, or those benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization.    Acquisitions and investments have been a component of our growth and the development of our business, and that is likely to continue in the future. Acquisitions can broaden and diversify our brand holdings and
product offerings, and allow us to build additional capabilities and competencies around our brand blueprint. In reviewing potential acquisitions or investments, we target companies that we believe offer attractive family entertainment products or
offerings, the ability for us to leverage our family entertainment offerings, opportunities to drive our strategic brand blueprint and associated competencies, or other synergies. In the case of our joint venture with Discovery, we looked to partner
with a company that has shown the ability to establish and operate compelling entertainment channels. Additionally, through our acquisition of Backflip Studios, we looked to strengthen our mobile gaming expertise. However, we cannot be certain
that the products and offerings of companies we may acquire, or acquire an interest in, will achieve or maintain popularity with consumers in the future or that any such acquired companies or investments will allow us to more effectively market our
products, develop our competencies or to grow our business.    In some cases, we expect that the integration of the companies that we may
acquire into our operations will create production, marketing and other operating, revenue or cost synergies which will produce greater revenue growth and profitability and, where applicable, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other
advantages. However, we cannot be certain that these synergies, efficiencies and cost savings will be realized. Even if achieved, these benefits may be delayed or reduced in their realization. In other cases, we may acquire or invest in companies
that we believe have strong and creative management, in which case we may plan to operate them more autonomously rather than fully integrating them into our operations. We cannot be certain that the key talented individuals at these companies would
continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they would develop popular and profitable products, entertainment or services in the future. There is no guarantee that any acquisition or investment we may make will be successful or beneficial,
and acquisitions can consume significant amounts of management attention and other resources, which may negatively impact other aspects of our business.    Failure to successfully operate our information systems and implement new technology effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability.  
 We rely extensively on various information technology systems and software applications to manage many aspects of our business, including product
development, management of our supply chain, sale and delivery of our products, financial reporting and various other processes and transactions. We are critically dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems
and related  back-up  systems. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malware and other security breaches,
catastrophic events such as hurricanes, fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, acts of war or terrorism and usage errors by our employees. The efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends on these information systems,
including our ability to operate them effectively and to select and implement appropriate upgrades or new technologies and systems and adequate disaster recovery systems successfully. The failure of our information systems to perform as
designed or our failure to implement and operate them effectively could disrupt our business, require significant capital investments to remediate a problem or subject us to liability.  
 If our electronic data is compromised our business could be significantly harmed.  
 We maintain significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world. This data relates to all aspects of our business, including current and
future products and entertainment under development, and also contains certain customer, consumer, supplier, partner and employee data. We maintain systems and processes designed to protect this data, but notwithstanding such protective
measures, there is a risk of intrusion, cyber attacks or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data. In addition, we provide confidential and proprietary information to our third-party business partners in certain
cases where doing so is necessary to conduct  
      23  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
our business. While we obtain assurances from those parties that they have systems and processes in place to protect such data, and where applicable, that they will take steps to assure the
protections of such data by third parties, nonetheless those partners may also be subject to data intrusion or otherwise compromise the protection of such data. Any compromise of the confidential data of our customers, consumers, suppliers,
partners, employees or ourselves, or failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of or damage to this data through breach of our information technology systems or other means could substantially disrupt our operations, harm our customers, consumers,
employees and other business partners, damage our reputation, violate applicable laws and regulations, subject us to potentially significant costs and liabilities and result in a loss of business that could be material.  
 From time to time, we are involved in litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain and
which could entail significant expense.    As a large multinational corporation, we are subject, from time to time, to regulatory
investigations, litigation and arbitration disputes, including potential liability from personal injury or property damage claims by the users of products that have been or may be developed by us as well as claims by third parties that our products
infringe upon or misuse such third parties’ property or rights. Because the outcome of litigation, arbitration and regulatory investigations is inherently difficult to predict, it is possible that the outcome of any of these matters could
entail significant cost for us and harm our business. The fact that we operate in a significant number of international markets also increases the risk that we may face legal and regulatory exposures as we attempt to comply with a large number of
varying legal and regulatory requirements. Any successful claim against us could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.    Changes in, or differing interpretations of, income tax laws and rules, and changes in our geographic operating results, may impact our effective tax rate.  
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various international tax jurisdictions. We also conduct business activities between our
operating units in various jurisdictions and we are subject to transfer pricing rules in the countries in which we operate. There is some degree of uncertainty and subjectivity in complying with transfer pricing rules. Our effective tax rate could
be impacted by changes in, or the interpretation of, tax laws or by changes in the amount of revenue and earnings we derive, or are determined to derive by tax authorities, from jurisdictions with differing tax rates.  
 On December 22, 2017 the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax
Act”). The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code that affected 2017, including the requirement for the Company to pay a  one-time  transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of
foreign subsidiaries that is payable over eight years. The Tax Act also established new tax laws that will affect 2018 and future years, including, but not limited to, (i) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent;
(ii) generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (iii) requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; (iv) creating a
new limitation on deductible interest expense; and (v) imposing limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation. The Tax Act requires complex computations to be performed, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of
the provisions of the Tax Act and significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced by the Company. The U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service, and
other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the Tax Act will be applied or otherwise administered, with a possible retroactive effect, which is different from our interpretation. As we complete our analysis
of the Tax Act, collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional guidance, we may make adjustments to provisional amounts that we have recorded that may materially impact our provision for income taxes in the period in which the
adjustments are made.    In addition, we may be subject to tax examinations by federal, state, and international jurisdictions, and these
examinations can result in significant tax findings if the tax authorities interpret the application of laws and rules differently than we do or disagree with the intercompany rates we are applying. We assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting
from tax uncertainties. At December 31, 2017 we have a liability for uncertain tax benefits of $89.4 million. While we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate outcome of these uncertain tax benefits, or results of possible
current or future tax examinations, may differ from our estimates and may have a significant adverse impact on our business and operating results.  
      24  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We have a material amount of goodwill which, if it becomes impaired, would result in
a reduction in our net earnings.    Goodwill is the amount by which the cost of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net
assets we acquire. Goodwill is not amortized and is required to be evaluated for impairment at least annually. At December 31, 2017, $573.1 million, or 10.8%, of our total assets represented goodwill. Declines in our profitability may
impact the fair value of our reporting units, which could result in a write-down of our goodwill and consequently harm our results of operations. While we did not recognize any goodwill impairment charges in 2017, during the fourth quarter of 2016,
in conjunction with the Company’s annual review for impairment, the Company recognized an impairment charge of $32.9 million related to Backflip Studios reducing the related goodwill to $86.3 million. In the future, should Backflip
Studios not achieve its profitability and growth targets, including anticipated game releases in 2018 and beyond, the carrying value may become further impaired, resulting in additional impairment charges.  
   
 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments.     None.      
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties.   
 None.    Hasbro owns its corporate
headquarters in Pawtucket, Rhode Island consisting of approximately 343,000 square feet, which is used by corporate functions as well as the Global Operations and Entertainment and Licensing segments. The Company also owns an adjacent building
consisting of approximately 23,000 square feet and leases a building in East Providence, Rhode Island consisting of approximately 120,000 square feet, both of which are used by corporate functions. The Company leases a facility in Providence, Rhode
Island consisting of approximately 136,000 square feet which is used primarily by the U.S. and Canada segment, as well as the Entertainment and Licensing and Global Operations segments. In addition to the above facilities, the Company also leases
office space consisting of approximately 119,400 square feet in Renton, Washington as well as warehouse space aggregating approximately 2,238,000 square feet in Georgia, California, Texas and Quebec that are also used by the U.S. and Canada segment.
The Company leases approximately 80,000 square feet in Burbank, California, 24,000 square feet in Boulder Colorado and 27,400 square feet in Dublin, Ireland that are used by the Entertainment and Licensing segment. The Global Operations segment also
leases an aggregate of 105,000 square feet of office and warehouse space in Hong Kong as well as 86,000 square feet of office space leased in the People’s Republic of China.  
 Outside of its United States and Canada facilities, the Company leases or owns property in over 30 countries. The primary locations for facilities
in the International segment are in Australia , Brazil, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Mexico, Russia, Spain, the People’s Republic of China, and the United Kingdom, all of which are comprised of both office and warehouse space. In addition, the
Company also leases offices in Switzerland and the Netherlands which are primarily used in corporate functions.    The above properties
consist, in general, of brick, cinder block or concrete block buildings which the Company believes are in good condition and well maintained.    The Company believes that its facilities are adequate for its needs. The Company believes that, should it not be able to renew any of the leases related to its leased facilities, it could secure similar substitute
properties without a material adverse impact on its operations.      
 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings.   
 The Company is currently party to certain legal proceedings, none of which we believe to be material to our business or financial condition
     
 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures.     None.  
      25  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART II      
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities.     The Company’s common stock, par value $0.50 per share (the
“Common Stock”), is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “HAS”. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices in the applicable quarters, as reported on the Composite Tape of The NASDAQ Global
Select Market as well as the cash dividends declared per share of Common Stock for the periods listed.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Sales Prices 
   
    
 
 Cash Dividends 
 Declared 
   
   
 
 Period 
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    


 
   2017 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   1st Quarter 
    
 $ 
 101.08 
   
    
   
 77.20 
   
    
 $ 
 0.57 
   
 
   2nd Quarter 
    
   
 113.49 
   
    
   
 94.76 
   
    
   
 0.57 
   
 
   3rd Quarter 
    
   
 116.20 
   
    
   
 91.57 
   
    
   
 0.57 
   
 
   4th Quarter 
    
   
 99.17 
   
    
   
 87.92 
   
    
   
 0.57 
   
 
   2016 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   1st Quarter 
    
 $ 
 79.40 
   
    
   
 65.52 
   
    
 $ 
 0.51 
   
 
   2nd Quarter 
    
   
 88.53 
   
    
   
 77.42 
   
    
   
 0.51 
   
 
   3rd Quarter 
    
   
 87.00 
   
    
   
 76.80 
   
    
   
 0.51 
   
 
   4th Quarter 
    
   
 87.96 
   
    
   
 76.14 
   
    
   
 0.51 
   
   The approximate number of holders of record of the Company’s Common Stock as of February 7, 2018 was
8,210.    See Part III, Item 12 of this report for the information concerning the Company’s “Equity Compensation
Plans”.    Dividends     Declaration of dividends is at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors and will depend upon the earnings and financial condition of the Company and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems
appropriate.    Issuer Repurchases of Common Stock    Repurchases made in the fourth quarter (in whole numbers of shares and dollars)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 (a) Total Number of Shares (or Units)
Purchased 
   
    
 (b) Average Price Paid per
Share (or Unit) 
   
    
 
 (c) Total Number of Shares (or Units)
Purchased as Part of Publicly   Announced Plans
or Programs 
   
    
 (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares
(or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Program 
   


 
   October 2017 10/02/17 — 10/29/17 
    
   
 47,300 
   
    
 $ 
 94.91 
   
    
   
 47,300 
   
    
 $ 
 211,977,034 
   
 
   November 2017 10/30/17 — 12/03/17 
    
   
 364,813 
   
    
 $ 
 93.23 
   
    
   
 364,813 
   
    
 $ 
 177,966,196 
   
 
   December 2017 12/04/17 — 12/31/17 
    
   
 281,549 
   
    
 $ 
 90.84 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
 $ 
 177,966,196 
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 693,662 
   
    
 $ 
 92.37 
   
    
   
 412,113 
   
    
 $ 
 177,966,196 
   
   In February 2015, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of an additional
$500 million in common stock. Purchases of the Company’s common stock may be made from time to time, subject to market conditions. These shares may be repurchased in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company
has no obligation to repurchase shares under the authorization, and the timing, actual number, and value of the shares that are repurchased, if any, will depend on a number of factors, including the price of the Company’s stock. The Company may
suspend or discontinue the program at any time and there is no expiration date.  
      26  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In December 2017, the Company repurchased 281,549 shares in connection with the vesting of
certain restricted stock awards. The shares were delivered by the award recipient as payment of the withholding taxes related to the vesting of the award. These shares were repurchased at the market price on the date of the issuance of the
restricted stock.      
 
 
 Item 6 . 
 Selected Financial Data . 
   (Thousands of dollars and shares except per share data and ratios)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 5,209,782 
   
    
   
 5,019,822 
   
   
   
 4,447,509 
   
   
   
 4,277,207 
   
   
   
 4,082,157 
   
 
   Operating Profit 
    
 $ 
 810,359 
   
    
   
 788,048 
   
   
   
 691,933 
   
   
   
 635,375 
   
   
   
 467,093 
   
 
   Net earnings 
    
 $ 
 396,607 
   
    
   
 533,151 
   
   
   
 446,872 
   
   
   
 413,310 
   
   
   
 283,928 
   
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
 $ 
 — 
   
    
   
 (18,229 
 )  
   
   
 (4,966 
 )  
   
   
 (2,620 
 )  
   
   
 (2,270 
 )  
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 396,607 
   
    
   
 551,380 
   
   
   
 451,838 
   
   
   
 415,930 
   
   
   
 286,198 
   
 
   Per Common Share Data: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net Earnings Attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 3.17 
   
    
   
 4.40 
   
   
   
 3.61 
   
   
   
 3.24 
   
   
   
 2.20 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.12 
   
    
   
 4.34 
   
   
   
 3.57 
   
   
   
 3.20 
   
   
   
 2.17 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 2.28 
   
    
   
 2.04 
   
   
   
 1.84 
   
   
   
 1.72 
   
   
   
 1.60 
   
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets Data: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 5,289,983 
   
    
   
 5,091,366 
   
   
   
 4,720,717 
   
   
   
 4,518,100 
   
   
   
 4,393,221 
   
 
   Total long-term debt(1) 
    
 $ 
 1,709,895 
   
    
   
 1,559,895 
   
   
   
 1,559,895 
   
   
   
 1,559,895 
   
   
   
 1,388,285 
   
 
   Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges(2) 
    
   
 7.39 
   
    
   
 6.86 
   
   
   
 6.52 
   
   
   
 6.05 
   
   
   
 3.94 
   
 
   Weighted Average Number of Common Shares: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 125,039 
   
    
   
 125,292 
   
   
   
 125,006 
   
   
   
 128,411 
   
   
   
 130,186 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 127,031 
   
    
   
 126,966 
   
   
   
 126,688 
   
   
   
 129,886 
   
   
   
 131,788 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Represents principal balance of long-term debt. Excludes related deferred debt expenses.  
 
 
 (2) 
 For purposes of calculating the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, fixed charges include interest expense and  one-third  of rentals;
earnings available for fixed charges represent earnings before income taxes, less the Company’s share of earnings (losses) from equity investees plus fixed charges.    See “Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results” contained in Item 1A of this report for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may affect future results. Also
see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Item 7 of this report for a discussion of factors affecting the comparability of information contained in this Item 6.
     
 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Company included in Part II Item 8 of this document.    This Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements concerning the Company’s expectations and beliefs. See Item 1A “Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results” for a discussion of other
uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.    Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share
amounts herein are expressed in millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts.    EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
   Hasbro, Inc. (“Hasbro” or the “Company”) is a global play and entertainment company dedicated to Creating
the World’s Best Play Experiences. The Company strives to do this through deep consumer engagement and the  
      27  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
application of consumer insights, the use of immersive storytelling to build brands, product innovation and development of global business reach. Hasbro applies these principles to leverage its
beloved owned and controlled brands, including Franchise Brands BABY ALIVE (beginning in 2018), MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF,  PLAY-DOH  and TRANSFORMERS, as well as Partner Brands. From
toys and games, to television, motion pictures, digital gaming and a comprehensive consumer products licensing program, Hasbro fulfills the fundamental need for play and connection for children and families around the world. The Company’s
wholly-owned Hasbro Studios and its film labels, AllSpark Pictures and Allspark Animation, create entertainment brand-driven storytelling across mediums, including television, film, digital and more.  
 Each of these principles is executed globally in alignment with Hasbro’s strategic plan, its brand blueprint. At the center of this blueprint,
Hasbro  re-imagines,   re-invents  and  re-ignites  its owned and controlled brands and imagines, invents and ignites new brands,
through product innovation, immersive entertainment offerings, including television and motion pictures, digital gaming and a broad range of consumer products. Hasbro generates revenue and earns cash by developing, marketing and selling products
based on global brands in a broad variety of consumer goods categories and distribution of television programming based on the Company’s properties, as well as through the  out-licensing  of rights for
third parties to use its properties in connection with products, including digital media and games and other consumer products. Hasbro also leverages its competencies to develop and market products based on well-known licensed brands including, but
not limited to, BEYBLADE, DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN, DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS, MARVEL, SESAME STREET, STAR WARS, and DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS. MARVEL, STAR WARS, DISNEY PRINCESS, DISNEY FROZEN and DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS are owned by The
Walt Disney Company.    The Company’s business is separated into three principal business segments: U.S. and Canada, International,
and Entertainment and Licensing. The U.S. and Canada segment markets and sells both toy and game products primarily in the United States and Canada. The International segment consists of the Company’s European, Asia Pacific and Latin and South
American toy and game marketing and sales operations. The Company’s Entertainment and Licensing segment includes the Company’s consumer products licensing, digital licensing and gaming, and movie and television entertainment operations. In
addition to these three primary segments, the Company’s product sourcing operations are managed through its Global Operations segment.    The impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates used to translate the consolidated statements of operations is quantified by translating the current period revenues at the prior period exchange rates and
comparing this amount to the prior period reported revenues. The Company believes that the presentation of the impact of changes in exchange rates, which are beyond the Company’s control, is helpful to an investor’s understanding of the
performance of the underlying business. The Company has also included in this report the impact of U.S. tax reform, passed in December 2017, on net earnings, as well as earnings per share.  
 2017 highlights      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net revenues grew 4% to $5,209.8 million in 2017 from $5,019.8 million in 2016. Growth in net revenues includes a favorable foreign currency
translation of $79.2 million. Absent favorable foreign currency translation, 2017 net revenues grew 2% compared to 2016.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2017 net revenues grew in all major operating segments: 5% in the U.S. and Canada segment; 2% in the International segment, including a favorable foreign
currency translation impact of $75.3 million; and 8% in the Entertainment and Licensing segment.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Franchise Brands and Hasbro Gaming net revenues each grew 10%; Emerging Brands net revenues increased 2%; and Partner Brands revenues declined 10%.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2017 operating profit increased 3% from $788.0 million in 2016 to $810.4 million in 2017.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2017 operating profit was negatively impacted by the Toys“R”Us bankruptcy in the U.S. and Canada as a result of incremental bad debt expense recorded
during the third quarter of 2017.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2016 operating profit was negatively impacted by a  non-cash  goodwill impairment charge of $32.9 million related to
the Company’s investment in Backflip.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   U.S. tax reform, passed in December 2017, resulted in a net charge of $296.5 million including a  one-time 
repatriation tax payable over eight years. See Note 22, “Subsequent Event,” for disclosure of additional tax guidance related to the Tax Act.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. declined in 2017 to $396.6 million, or $3.12 per diluted share, compared to $551.4 million, or $4.34 per
diluted share in 2016.  
      28  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   2017 earnings were negatively impacted by a net charge of $296.5 million, or $2.33 per diluted share, related to U.S. tax reform
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2016 earnings were negatively impacted by the  post-tax  $14.7 million, or $0.12 per diluted share  non-cash  goodwill impairment charge, related to the Company’s investment in Backflip.    2016 highlights      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net revenues grew 13% to $5,019.8 million in 2016 from $4,447.5 million in 2015. Absent unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately
$61.0 million, 2016 net revenues grew 14% compared to 2015.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2016 net revenues grew in all major operating segments: 15% in the U.S. and Canada segment; 11% in the International segment, including an unfavorable foreign
currency translation impact of $58.4 million; and 8% in the Entertainment and Licensing segment.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Net revenues grew in all brand portfolios, Partner Brands growth of 28%; Hasbro Gaming growth of 23%; Emerging Brands growth of 17% and Franchise Brands growth
of 2%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   2016 operating profit improved 14% in 2016 compared to 2015 while net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. increased 22% to $551.4 million compared to
$451.8 million in 2015.    Share Repurchases and Dividends  
 The Company is committed to returning excess cash to its shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The Company seeks to return cash to
its shareholders through the payment of quarterly dividends. Hasbro increased the quarterly dividend rate from $0.57 per share in 2017 to $0.63 per share in 2018 which will be effective for the dividend payable in May 2018. This was the fourteenth
dividend increase in the previous 15 years. During that period, the Company has increased the quarterly cash dividend from $0.03 to $0.63 per share. In addition to the dividend, the Company returns cash through its share repurchase program. As part
of this initiative, from 2005 to 2015, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted eight successive share repurchase authorizations with a cumulative authorized repurchase amount of $3,825.0 million. The eighth authorization was approved in
February 2015 for $500 million. During 2017, Hasbro repurchased approximately 1.6 million shares at a total cost of $150.1 million and an average price of $94.74 per share. Since 2005, Hasbro has repurchased 105.5 million shares
at a total cost of $3,647.0 million and an average price of $34.80 per share. At December 31, 2017, Hasbro had $178.0 million remaining available under these share repurchase authorizations.  
 Summary    The
following table provides a summary of the Company’s condensed consolidated results as a percentage of net revenues for 2017, 2016 and 2015.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Net Revenues 
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 15.6 
   
   
   
 15.7 
   
   
   
 15.6 
   
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 15.1 
   
   
   
 13.8 
   
   
   
 13.6 
   
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 7.6 
   
   
   
 10.6 
   
   
   
 10.0 
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 7.6 
 %  
   
   
 11.0 
 %  
   
   
 10.2 
 %  
   Results of Operations — Consolidated  
 The fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 was a fifty-three week period while the fiscal years ended December 25, 2016 and December 27,
2015 were each  fifty-two  week periods.    Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. decreased to
$396.6 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 compared to $551.4 million for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2016, and were $451.8 million for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2015.  
 Through 2016, the Company owned a 70% majority interest in Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”). The Company consolidated the financial
results of Backflip in its consolidated financial statements and, accordingly, the Company’s reported revenues, costs and expenses, assets and liabilities, and cash flows included 100% of Backflip, with the 30% noncontrolling interests share
reported as net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statements of operations and redeemable noncontrolling interests on the consolidated balance  
      29  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
sheets. During the first quarter of 2017, the Company acquired the remaining 30% of Backflip making it a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result, beginning in 2017 the Company no
longer reports noncontrolling interests in its consolidated statements of operations or redeemable noncontrolling interests on its consolidated balance sheets. The results of Backflip are reported in the Entertainment and Licensing segment.
   Diluted earnings per share attributable to Hasbro, Inc. were $3.12 in 2017, $4.34 in 2016 and $3.57 in 2015.  
 Net earnings and diluted earnings per share attributable to Hasbro, Inc. for each fiscal year in the three years ended December 31, 2017
include certain charges and benefits as described below.    2017  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A net charge of $296.5 million or $2.33 per diluted share related to U.S. tax reform. This net charge includes a $316.4 million charge included in
income taxes due to the estimated repatriation tax liability and adjustments to the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities; partially offset by a $19.9 million gain within other income due to the change in the value of a long-term
liability following the change in the U.S. corporate tax rate beginning in 2018.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Benefit, net of tax, of $32.1 million or $0.25 per diluted share from the adoption of FASB Accounting Standards Update
 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Accounting.  
 2016      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Post-tax  charge of $14.7 million, or $0.12 per diluted share, due to a $32.9 million  non-cash  goodwill impairment charge on the Company’s Backflip investment.    2015      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Benefit, net of tax, of $6.9 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, related to a gain on the sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations in East
Longmeadow, MA and Waterford, Ireland.    Consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2017 grew 4% to
$5,209.8 million from $5,019.8 million for the year ended December 25, 2016. Net revenues in 2017 include a favorable foreign currency translation of $79.2 million, which is the result of stronger currencies across our
international segment in 2017 compared to 2016. Absent the impact of foreign currency translation, consolidated net revenues grew 2% in 2017 compared to 2016. In 2017, net revenues from Franchise Brands grew 10% compared to 2016 and comprised 49% of
consolidated net revenues. Growth in Franchise Brands TRANSFORMERS, NERF, MONOPLY and MY LITTLE PONY was partially offset by declines in LITTLEST PET SHOP,  PLAY-DOH  and, to a lesser extent, MAGIC: THE
GATHERING.    Consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 25, 2016 grew 13% to $5,019.8 million from
$4,447.5 million for the year ended December 27, 2015 and were impacted by unfavorable foreign currency translation of $61.0 million as a result of the stronger U.S. dollar in 2016 compared to 2015. Absent the impact of foreign
currency translation, consolidated net revenues grew 14% in 2016 compared to 2015. In 2016, net revenues from Franchise Brands grew 2% compared to 2015 and comprised 46% of consolidated net revenues. Growth in Franchise Brands NERF,  PLAY-DOH  and MAGIC: THE GATHERING was partially offset by declines in Franchise Brands LITTLEST PET SHOP, MY LITTLE PONY, MONOPLY and TRANSFORMERS.  
 The following chart presents net revenues by brand portfolio for each year in the three years ended December 31, 2017.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 Net Revenues 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2016 Net Revenues 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2015 Net Revenues 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   Franchise Brands 
    
 $ 
 2,568.0 
   
    
   
 10.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,327.7 
   
    
   
 1.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,285.4 
   
    
   
 -2.5 
 %  
 
   Partner Brands 
    
   
 1,271.6 
   
    
   
 -10.0 
 %  
   
   
 1,412.8 
   
    
   
 28.3 
 %  
   
   
 1,101.3 
   
    
   
 68.4 
 %  
 
   Hasbro Gaming 
    
   
 893.0 
   
    
   
 9.8 
 %  
   
   
 813.4 
   
    
   
 22.8 
 %  
   
   
 662.3 
   
    
   
 2.9 
 %  
 
   Emerging Brands 
    
   
 477.2 
   
    
   
 2.4 
 %  
   
   
 466.0 
   
    
   
 16.9 
 %  
   
   
 398.5 
   
    
   
 -37.2 
 %  
   2017 versus 2016  
 Net revenue growth in Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands in 2017 compared to 2016, was partially offset by lower net revenues from
the Partner Brands portfolio.  
      30  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Franchise Brands 
 The Franchise Brands portfolio grew 10% in 2017 compared to 2016. Contributing to growth were higher net revenues from TRANSFORMERS products, supported by the major theatrical release of  TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT  during the second
quarter of 2017, in addition to higher net revenues from NERF and MONOPOLY products. To a lesser extent, MY LITTLE PONY products, also supported by the fourth quarter 2017 theatrical release of  MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE,  contributed to growth
during 2017 .  These increases were partially offset by lower net revenues from LITTLEST PET SHOP,  PLAY-DOH  and MAGIC: THE GATHERING products in 2017. Beginning in 2018, BABY ALIVE will be included as a
Franchise Brand and LITTLEST PET SHOP will be included in Emerging Brands.  
 Partner Brands   The Partner Brands portfolio declined 10% in
2017 compared to 2016. Higher net revenues from the introduction of BEYBLADE, and to a lesser extent, MARVEL and SESAME STREET products were more than offset by lower net revenues from STAR WARS and  YO-KAI 
WATCH products in addition to lower net revenues from Hasbro’s line of DISNEY FROZEN products in 2017 compared to 2016.    Within the
Partner Brands portfolio, there are a number of entertainment-based brands which, from year to year, may be supported by major theatrical releases. As such, category net revenues by brand fluctuate from  year-to-year  depending on movie popularity, release dates and related product line offerings and success. In 2017, STAR WARS products were supported by the fourth quarter 2017 major theatrical release  STAR
WARS: THE LAST JEDI.  Despite that release in 2017 the Company had lower overall brand revenues from STAR WARS products for the year. Historically, these entertainment-based brands experience revenue growth during film years with sharp declines
thereafter. However with yearly film releases during 2015, 2016 and 2017, STAR WARS product revenues are not experiencing those highs and lows recently and have maintained a more consistent level as compared to past years without theatrical release
support.    Hasbro Gaming   The Hasbro Gaming portfolio
grew 10% in 2017 compared to 2016. Higher net revenues resulted from new social gaming products such as SPEAK OUT, TOILET TROUBLE and FANTASTIC GYMNASTICS and other Hasbro Gaming products such as DUNGEONS & DRAGONS as well as the successful
launch of DROPMIX, an electronic music mixing game. These increases were partially offset by lower net revenues from PIE FACE products.  
 Net revenues for Hasbro’s total gaming category, including the Hasbro Gaming portfolio as reported above and all other gaming revenue, most
notably MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY, which are included in the Franchise Brands portfolio, totaled $1,497.8 million in 2017, up 8%, versus $1,387.1 million in 2016.  
 Emerging Brands  The Emerging Brands portfolio grew 2% in 2017 compared
to 2016. Higher net revenues from BABY ALIVE and FURREAL FRIENDS products were partially offset by lower net revenues from FURBY products and the Company’s core PLAYSKOOL products. Beginning in 2018 BABY ALIVE will be included as a Franchise
Brand and LITTLEST PET SHOP has moved into Emerging Brands to allow for further innovation.    2016 versus
2015    Net revenue grew in the Franchise Brands, Partner Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands portfolios in 2016 compared to
2015.    Franchise Brands   The Franchise Brands
portfolio grew 2% in 2016 compared to 2015. Higher net revenues from NERF and  PLAY-DOH  products and, to a lesser extent MAGIC: THE GATHERING products were offset by lower net revenues from LITTLEST PET SHOP
and MY LITTLE PONY products, as well as lower net revenues from MONOPOLY and TRANSFORMERS products.    Partner Brands   The Partner Brands portfolio grew 28% in 2016 compared to 2015. Contributing to 2016 revenue growth were the introduction of several new product lines
including: Hasbro’s line of DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN fashion and small dolls, DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS products and  YO-KAI  WATCH products. These increases were partially offset by lower net
revenues from JURRASIC WORLD, MARVEL and SESAME STREET products, and to a lesser extent, STAR WARS products.    Within the Partner Brands
portfolio, there are a number of entertainment-based brands which, from year to year, may be supported by major theatrical releases. As such, portfolio net revenues by brand fluctuate from  year-to-year  depending on movie popularity, release dates and related product line offerings and success. In 2016, products related to three Partner Brands were supported by major theatrical releases –
STAR WARS was supported by  STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS  released during the fourth quarter of 2015, along with the December 2016 release,  ROGUE ONE: A STAR WARS STORY , MARVEL was supported by the May 2016 release of  CAPTAIN AMERICA:
CIVIL WAR  and the DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS brand was supported by the theatrical release,  TROLLS  in November 2016.  
      31  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Hasbro Gaming 
 The Hasbro Gaming portfolio grew 23% in 2016 compared to 2015. Higher net revenues resulted from PIE FACE, SIMON,  BOP-IT,  YAHTZEE, TRIVIAL PURSUIT, CLUE and other Hasbro Gaming products as well as the
successful launch of the  SPEAK-OUT  game in 2016. These higher net revenues were marginally offset by lower net revenues from TROUBLE, TWISTER and ELEFUN & FRIENDS products as well as lower net
revenues from OPERATION and SCRABBLE products.    Net revenues for Hasbro’s total gaming category, including the Hasbro Gaming
portfolio as reported above and all other gaming revenue, most notably MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY, which are included in the Franchise Brands portfolio, totaled $1,387.1 million in 2016, up 9%, versus $1,276.5 million in 2015.
   Emerging Brands  The Emerging Brands portfolio grew 17% in
2016 compared to 2015. Higher net revenues from BABY ALIVE and FURREAL FRIENDS products as well as increases in revenues from several other Emerging Brand products were partially offset by lower net revenues from the Company’s core PLAYSKOOL
and certain other Emerging Brands products.    SEGMENT RESULTS  
 Most of the Company’s net revenues and operating profits are derived from its three principal segments: the U.S. and Canada segment, the
International segment and the Entertainment and Licensing segment, which are discussed in detail below.  
 Net Revenues    The chart below illustrates net revenues derived from our principal operating segments in 2017, 2016 and 2015.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 Net Revenues 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2016 Net Revenues 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2015 Net Revenues 
   
    
 % Change 
   


 
   U.S. and Canada Segment 
    
 $ 
 2,690.5 
   
    
   
 5.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,559.9 
   
    
   
 15.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,225.5 
   
    
   
 10.0 
 %  
 
   International Segment 
    
   
 2,233.6 
   
    
   
 1.8 
 %  
   
   
 2,194.7 
   
    
   
 11.3 
 %  
   
   
 1,971.9 
   
    
   
 -2.5 
 %  
 
   Entertainment and Licensing 
    
   
 285.6 
   
    
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 265.2 
   
    
   
 8.4 
 %  
   
   
 244.7 
   
    
   
 11.5 
 %  
   U.S. and Canada  
 2017 versus 2016    U.S. and Canada segment net revenues grew 5% in 2017 compared to 2016. Revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment were not materially impacted by foreign currency translation. Segment net revenues increased in 2017
from growth in Franchise Brands, Hasbro Gaming and the Emerging Brands portfolios, partially offset by declines in Partner Brands.    In
the Franchise Brands portfolio, higher net revenues from NERF, TRANSFORMERS and MONOPOLY products were partially offset by lower net revenues from LITTLEST PET SHOP,  PLAY-DOH  and MAGIC: THE GATHERING products.
In the Partner Brands portfolio, higher net revenues from the BEYBLADE and MARVEL products and, to a lesser extent, revenue increases from DISNEY’S DESCENDANTS and DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS products were more than offset by declines in revenues
from STAR WARS and YOKAI WATCH products as well as the Company’s DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN fashion and small dolls. In the Hasbro Gaming portfolio higher net revenues from DUNGEONS & DRAGONS products and new social gaming
products including SPEAK OUT, FANTASTIC GYMNASTICS and TOILET TROUBLE drove a revenue increase in 2017. These increases were only partially offset by lower net revenues from PIE FACE products as well as certain other games brands. In the Emerging
Brands portfolio, higher net revenues from BABY ALIVE and FURREAL FRIENDS products were partially offset by lower net revenues from FURBY and core PLAYSKOOL products.    2016 versus 2015    U.S. and Canada segment net revenues grew 15% in 2016
compared to 2015. Revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment were not materially impacted by foreign currency translation. Segment net revenues grew in all categories during 2016.    In the Franchise Brands portfolio, higher net revenues from NERF and  PLAY-DOH  products were partially offset by lower net revenues from MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS and
LITTLEST PET SHOP products and to a lesser extent, MONOPOLY products. In the Partner Brands portfolio, higher net revenues from the Company’s DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN fashion and small dolls, DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS and STAR WARS
products as  
      32  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
well as the introduction of  YO-KAI  WATCH products were only partially offset by lower net revenues from JURASSIC WORLD, MARVEL and SESAME STREET products.
In the Hasbro Gaming portfolio higher net revenues from PIE FACE, SIMON,  BOP-IT  and TRIVIAL PURSUIT as well as the successful launch of the  SPEAK-OUT  game were only
partially offset by lower net revenues from ELEFUN & FRIENDS, JENGA, TWISTER and SCRABBLE as well as certain other games brands. In the Emerging Brands portfolio, higher net revenues from BABY ALIVE, FURBY and FURREAL FRIENDS products were
partially offset by lower net revenues from core PLAYSKOOL, and other Emerging Brands products.  
 International    To calculate the year-over-year percentage change in net revenues absent the impact of foreign currency translation, net revenues were recalculated using those foreign currency translation rates in place for the
prior year comparable period.    2017 versus 2016  
 International segment net revenues increased approximately 2% in 2017 compared to 2016 which includes favorable foreign currency translation of
$75.3 million (Europe — $56.6 million, Latin America — $13.8 million, Asia Pacific — $4.9 million). Net revenues in the Asia Pacific and Latin American regions increased 12% and 5%, respectively, while net revenues from
Europe declined 2% in 2017 from 2016. Revenues in emerging markets increased 5% in 2017. Favorable foreign currency translation reflects the strengthening of certain foreign currencies, primarily the Euro and other Latin American currencies compared
to the U.S. dollar. Absent the impact of foreign currency translation, International segment net revenues decreased 2% in 2017 compared to 2016.    Higher net revenues from the Franchise Brands and Hasbro Gaming portfolios were partially offset by lower net revenues from the Partner Brands and Emerging Brands portfolios.  
 In the Franchise Brands portfolio, net revenues from growth in TRANSFORMERS, NERF, MONOPOLY, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MY LITTLE PONY and LITTLEST PET
SHOP products, were partially offset by lower net revenues from  PLAY-DOH  products. In the Partner Brands portfolio higher net revenues from a new line of BEYBLADE products as well as DISNEY PRINCESS products
were more than offset by declines in STAR WARS,  YO-KAI  WATCH, MARVEL, DISNEY FROZEN and DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS products. In the Hasbro Gaming portfolio, higher net revenues from social gaming products
including PIE FACE,  SPEAK-OUT,  FANTASTIC GYMNASTICS and TOILET TROUBLE as well as higher net revenues from certain other traditional games brands, including LIFE, OPERATION and CLUE products contributed to
revenue growth. In the Emerging Brands portfolio, lower net revenues from FURBY and PLAYSKOOL products were partially offset by higher net revenues from BABY ALIVE products, and the introduction of HANAZUKI products.  
 2016 versus 2015    International segment net revenues increased approximately 11% in 2016 compared to 2015. Net revenues grew in all regions. Net revenues in Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific increased 14%, 9% and 6%,
respectively, in 2016 from 2015. Revenues in emerging markets increased 9% in 2016. In 2016, net revenues were impacted by unfavorable currency translation of approximately $58.4 million (Latin America — $37.4 million, Europe —
$16.0 million, Asia Pacific — $5.0 million). Unfavorable foreign currency translation reflects the weakening of certain foreign currencies, primarily the Euro and other Latin American currencies compared to the U.S. dollar. Absent the
impact of foreign currency translation, International segment net revenues grew 14% in 2016 compared to 2015 and emerging markets increased 12%.    International segment net revenues grew in all product portfolios during 2016. In the Franchise Brands portfolio, higher net revenues from NERF,  PLAY-DOH  and MAGIC: THE
GATHERING products, and to a lesser extent, MY LITTLE PONY products, were partially offset by lower net revenues from MONOPOLY, LITTLEST PET SHOP and TRANSFORMERS products. In the Partner Brands portfolio higher net revenues from the Company’s
line of DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN fashion dolls and small dolls, revenues from the introduction of  YO-KAI  WATCH products as well as higher net revenues from DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS products were only
partially offset by lower net revenues from MARVEL, JURASSIC WORLD and STAR WARS products. In the Hasbro Gaming portfolio, higher net revenues from PIE FACE, the successful introduction of the  SPEAK-OUT  game
as well as higher net revenues from certain other games brands, including TRIVIAL PURSUIT and SIMON products were partially offset by lower revenues from OPERATION and various other games brands. In the Emerging Brands portfolio, higher net revenues
from BABY ALIVE products, and to a lesser extent, FURREAL FRIENDS products, were only partially offset by FURBY, PLAYSKOOL and other Emerging Brands products.  
      33  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Entertainment and Licensing  
 2017 versus 2016    Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 8% in 2017 compared to 2016. Higher segment net revenues were driven by higher revenues from Backflip, growth in the Consumer Products and Digital Gaming
licensing groups, as well as a full year of contributions from Boulder Media which was acquired in July 2016. Partially offsetting these increases was lower television programming revenue in 2017 compared to 2016.  
 2016 versus 2015    Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues increased 8% in 2016 compared to 2015. Higher segment net revenues were driven by higher revenues from Backflip, growth in the Consumer Products and Digital Gaming
licensing groups, as well as contributions from Boulder Media which was acquired in July 2016. Lower entertainment revenues in 2016 compared to 2015 reflect a multi-year digital distribution agreement for Hasbro Studios signed in 2015 which was not
repeated in 2016.    Operating Profit  
 The table below illustrates operating profit and operating profit margins derived from our principal operating segments in 2017, 2016 and 2015. For
a reconciliation of segment operating profit to total Company operating profit, see Note 20 to our consolidated financial statements which are included in Item 8 of this Form  10-K.   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 % Net Revenues 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
 % Net Revenues 
   
   
 % Change 
   
   
 2015 
   
    
 % Net Revenues 
   


 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 509.9 
   
    
   
 19.0 
 %  
   
   
 -2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 522.3 
   
    
   
 20.4 
 %  
   
   
 21 
 %  
   
 $ 
 430.7 
   
    
   
 19.4 
 %  
 
   International 
    
   
 228.7 
   
    
   
 10.2 
 %  
   
   
 -22 
 %  
   
   
 294.5 
   
    
   
 13.4 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 255.4 
   
    
   
 13.0 
 %  
 
   Entertainment & Licensing 
    
   
 96.4 
   
    
   
 33.8 
 %  
   
   
 93 
 %  
   
   
 49.9 
   
    
   
 18.8 
 %  
   
   
 -35 
 %  
   
   
 76.9 
   
    
   
 31.4 
 %  
   U.S. and Canada  
 2017 versus 2016    U.S. and Canada segment operating profit decreased 2% in 2017 compared to 2016. The decline in operating profit is primarily due to increased advertising and administrative expenses as well higher incremental bad
debt expense related to the bankruptcy filing of Toys “R” Us in the U.S. and Canada in the third quarter of 2017. Operating profit margin decreased to 19.0% of net revenues in 2017 from 20.4% of net revenues in 2016 as a result of
increases in expenses including advertising and product development as a percentage of net revenues, as well as the negative margin impact of the Toys “R” Us bad debt expense in 2017. Foreign currency translation did not have a material
impact on U.S. and Canada operating profit in 2017.    2016 versus 2015  
 U.S. and Canada segment operating profit increased 21% in 2016 compared to 2015. Higher operating profit reflects higher net revenues discussed
above and lower intangible amortization, partially offset by higher royalties, product development, advertising, and selling, distribution and administration expenses. Operating profit margin improved to 20.4% of net revenues in 2016 from 19.4% of
net revenues in 2015 reflecting higher revenues providing improved expense leverage. Foreign currency translation did not have a material impact on U.S. and Canada operating profit in 2016.  
 International    2017 versus 2016    International segment operating profit decreased 22% in 2017
compared to 2016 and included a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $15.2 million. Absent the impact of the favorable foreign currency translation, International segment operating profit decreased 28%. Operating profit margin decreased to
10.2% in 2017 from 13.4% in 2016. The decrease in operating profit and operating profit margin, as reported, is primarily due to higher sales allowances and higher advertising and product development costs as well as a less favorable product mix in
2017.  
      34  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  2016 versus 2015  
 International segment operating profit increased 15% in 2016 compared to 2015 and included a favorable impact from foreign exchange of
$11.5 million. Absent the impact of the favorable foreign currency translation, International segment operating profit grew 11%. The increase in operating profit, as reported, is primarily due to the impact of higher net revenues, partially
offset by higher expense levels, primarily royalties, advertising, and selling distribution and administration expenses. Operating profit margin increased to 13.4% in 2016 from 13.0% in 2015 reflecting the improved expense leverage as a result of
the higher revenues.    Entertainment and Licensing  
 2017 versus 2016    Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit increased 93% in 2017 compared to 2016 and operating profit margin increased to 33.8% of net revenues in 2017 compared to 18.8% in 2016. The overall increase in
operating profit and operating profit margin in the segment was primarily due to a $32.9 million goodwill impairment charge recorded in 2016 on the Backflip business. In addition, also contributing to the increase in 2017 was higher revenues
with lower intangible amortization and administrative expenses, partially offset by higher royalty expenses associated with the sales increases mentioned above.    2016 versus 2015    Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit
decreased 35% in 2016 compared to 2015 and operating profit margin decreased to 18.8% of net revenues in 2016 compared to 31.4% in 2015. Operating profit in the segment in 2016 was negatively impacted by a
 non-cash  goodwill impairment charge of $32.9 million related to the Company’s investment in Backflip reporting. The remaining decrease in the Entertainment and Licensing segment operating profit and
operating profit margin was primarily due to higher costs associated with the launch of new games from Backflip and investments in the consumer products business globally. These higher costs were partially offset by the higher revenues discussed
above as well as a decrease in programming amortization costs and royalties as well as lower intangible amortization expense.    Other Segments and Corporate and Eliminations    In the Global
Operations segment, operating profit of $4.0 million in 2017 compared to $19.4 million in 2016 and $12.0 million in 2015.  
 In Corporate and eliminations, operating costs of $28.7 million in 2017 compared to operating costs of $98.1 million in 2016 and
$83.0 million in 2015.    OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES  
 The Company’s operating expenses, stated as percentages of net revenues, are illustrated below for each of the three fiscal years ended
December 31, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 39.0 
 %  
   
   
 38.0 
 %  
   
   
 37.7 
 %  
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 7.8 
   
   
   
 8.2 
   
   
   
 8.5 
   
 
   Product development 
    
   
 5.2 
   
   
   
 5.3 
   
   
   
 5.5 
   
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 9.6 
   
   
   
 9.3 
   
   
   
 9.2 
   
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
    
   
 0.6 
   
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
   
 1.0 
   
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 0.7 
   
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
   
 1.0 
   
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 21.6 
   
   
   
 22.1 
   
   
   
 21.6 
   
   Operating expenses for 2017, 2016 and 2015 include benefits and expenses related to the following events:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During third quarter of 2017 the Company recorded incremental bad debt within selling, distribution and administration expenses (SD&A), related to the
bankruptcy filings by Toys“R”Us in the U.S. and Canada.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   During the fourth quarter of 2016 in conjunction with the Company’s annual review for impairment, the Company completed step one of the annual goodwill
impairment test and determined the fair value of the Backflip reporting unit to be below its carrying value. The Company then performed step two of the  
      35  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
   
impairment test and determined the carrying value of goodwill exceeded its implied fair value. Based on those results, the Company recognized an impairment charge of $32.9 million within
SD&A expenses, related to Backflip in the fourth quarter of 2016.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In August 2015, the Company finalized the sale of its manufacturing operations in East Longmeadow, MA and Waterford, Ireland. This transaction resulted in a
benefit to SD&A expenses of $3.1 million.    Cost of Sales  
 Cost of sales primarily consists of purchased materials, labor, manufacturing overheads and other inventory-related costs such as obsolescence. Cost
of sales increased 7% to $2,033.7 million, or 39.0% of net revenues, for the year ended December 31, 2017 compared to $1,905.5 million, or 38.0% of net revenues, for the year ended December 25, 2016. Increased cost of sales in
dollars was primarily driven by higher net revenues. Increased cost of sales as a percent of net revenues reflects higher sales allowances and higher levels of closeout sales in 2017 combined with increased tooling costs and less favorable foreign
currency hedging results as a result of a weaker U.S. dollar.    In 2016, cost of sales increased 14% to $1,905.5 million, or 38.0% of
net revenues, for the year ended December 25, 2016 compared to $1,677.0 million, or 37.7% of net revenues, for the year ended December 27, 2015. Increased cost of sales in dollars reflects the overall increase in net revenues and
product and revenue mix. Product mix partially reflects higher net revenues from royalty-bearing products however the lower cost of sales on royalty-bearing products is offset by higher royalty expense. In 2016, the following entertainment-driven,
royalty-bearing brands were supported by major theatrical releases: STAR WARS, DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS and MARVEL. Likewise, revenue mix reflects lower net revenue contributions from the Company’s Entertainment and Licensing segment as a
percentage of overall sales. In 2016, Entertainment and Licensing segment net revenues were 5.3% of consolidated net revenues compared to 5.5% in 2015.    Royalty Expense    Royalty expense of $405.5 million, or 7.8%
or net revenues, in 2017 compared to $409.5 million, or 8.2% of net revenues, in 2016 and $379.2 million, or 8.5% of net revenues, in 2015. Fluctuations in royalty expense generally relate to the volume of entertainment-driven products
sold in a given period, especially if the Company is selling product tied to one or more major motion picture releases in the period. Product lines related to Hasbro-owned or controlled brands supported by entertainment generally do not incur the
same level of royalty expense as licensed properties, particularly DISNEY, DREAMWORKS, STAR WARS, MARVEL, BEYBLADE and  YO-KAI  WATCH products and certain licensed properties carry higher royalty rates than
other licensed properties. Lower royalty expense in dollars and as a percentage of net revenues in 2017 compared to 2016, reflects the mix of entertainment-driven product sold. In particular, lower royalty expense in 2017 compared to 2016 reflects
the lower net sales of STAR WARS,  YO-KAI  WATCH and DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS products as well as lower net sales of DISNEY FROZEN and DISNEY PRINCESS products partially offset by higher net sales of BEYBLADE and
MARVEL products . Higher royalty expense in dollars, but lower royalty expense as a percentage of net revenues in 2016 compared to 2015, reflects the mix of entertainment-driven product sold. In particular, higher royalty expense in dollars in 2016
compared to 2015 reflects the mix of licensed properties sold with higher net sales of DISNEY, DREAMWORKS, and  YO-KAI  WATCH products partially offset by lower net sales of JURRASIC WORLD, MARVEL and STAR WARS
royalty-bearing movie products in 2016 compared to 2015.    Product Development  
 Product development expense in 2017 totaled $269.0 million, or 5.2% of net revenues, compared to $266.4 million, or 5.3% of net revenues,
in 2016. Product development expenditures were significant but consistent with 2016 reflecting the Company’s continued investment in innovation and anticipated growth across our brand portfolio in both Franchise and Partner Brands. As a
percentage of net revenues, product development was also consistent with 2016.    Product development expense in 2016 totaled
$266.4 million, or 5.3% of net revenues, compared to $242.9 million, or 5.5% of net revenues, in 2015. The decrease as a percentage of sales primarily represents increased leverage resulting from higher revenues as well as higher costs in
2015 relating to the development of the DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN lines.    Advertising Expense
   Advertising expense in 2017 totaled $501.8 million compared to $468.9 million in 2016 and $409.4 million in 2015.
The level of the Company’s advertising expense is generally impacted by revenue mix, the amount and type  
      36  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
of theatrical releases, and television programming. Advertising as a percentage of net revenues increased slightly to 9.6% in 2017 from 9.3% in 2016 reflecting higher spending to support the
Company’s brands.    In 2016, advertising as a percentage of net revenues increased slightly to 9.3% from 9.2% in 2015.  
 Amortization of Intangibles    Amortization of intangibles totaled $28.8 million, or 0.6% of net revenues, in 2017 compared to $34.8 million, or 0.7% of net revenues, in 2016 and $43.7 million, or 1.0% of net revenues in 2015.
Lower amortization of intangibles in 2017 compared to 2016 reflects the full amortization of property rights related to Backflip during the first half of 2017. Lower amortization of intangibles in 2016 compared to 2015 reflects the impact of
intangible assets, primarily digital gaming rights, which were fully amortized during 2015.    Program
Product Cost Amortization    Program production cost amortization totaled $35.8 million, or 0.7% of net revenues in 2017,
compared to $35.9 million, or 0.7% of net revenues, in 2016 and $42.4 million, or 1.0% of net revenues, in 2015. Program production costs are capitalized as incurred and amortized using the individual-film-forecast method. Program
production cost amortization reflects the phasing of revenues associated with films and television programming as well as the type of television programs produced and distributed. Program production cost amortization remained flat in 2017 compared
to 2016 primarily due to lower television programming amortization offset by amortization of movie costs related to  MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE  which was released during the fourth quarter of 2017. The decrease in program production cost
amortization in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to the timing of new programming deliveries and a lower number of television programs being amortized in 2016. In addition, higher revenues in 2015 primarily due to a multi-year digital
distribution agreement contributed to a higher 2015 expense level.    Selling, Distribution and
Administration Expenses    SD&A expenses were $1,124.8 million, or 21.6% of net revenues, in 2017 compared to
$1,110.8 million, or 22.1% of net revenues, in 2016. The increase in dollars primarily reflects the bad debt expense related to the Toys ”R” Us bankruptcy in the U.S. and Canada during the third quarter of 2017, as well as higher
depreciation expense, expenditures related to ongoing information technology initiatives and the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange translation of $7.4 million. These increases were partially offset by lower incentive compensation expense
in 2017 compared to 2016, and a 2016 charge of $32.9 million related to a  non-cash  goodwill impairment charge to Backflip that did not reoccur in 2017.  
 SD&A expenses were $1,110.8 million, or 22.1% of net revenues, in 2016 compared to $960.8 million, or 21.6% of net revenues, in 2015.
SD&A expense for 2016 includes a charge of $32.9 million related to a  non-cash  goodwill impairment charge to Backflip recorded in December, while 2015 includes a benefit of $3.1 million related
to the August 2015 sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations. Absent this charge in 2016 and benefit in 2015, the increase in SD&A expense was primarily due to higher performance-based stock compensation, higher depreciation, higher
selling and distribution costs related to the higher revenues and higher bad debt expense related to an uncollectible account in the International segment partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign exchange translation.  
 NON-OPERATING  (INCOME) EXPENSE  
 Interest Expense    Interest expense totaled $98.3 million in 2017 compared to $97.4 million in 2016 and $97.1 million in 2015. During the third quarter of 2017, the Company repaid $350 million of 6.3% notes that
matured in September 2017 and issued $500 million of 3.5% notes due 2027. The increase in 2017 interest expense is attributable to the higher level of long-term debt as a result of the debt refinancing offset by lower levels of short-term
borrowings compared to 2016. Interest expense in 2016 was consistent with the Company’s 2015 interest expense.  
 Interest Income    Interest income was $22.2 million in 2017 compared to $9.4 million in 2016 and $3.1 million in 2015. The company continues to increase its invested cash balances and has benefitted from higher
average interest rates in 2016 and 2017.  
      37  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Other (Income) Expense, Net  
 Other income, net of $51.9 million in 2017 compared to other expense, net of $7.5 million in 2016 and other income, net of
$6.0 million in 2015. The following table outlines major contributors to other (income) expense, net.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Foreign currency (gains) losses 
    
 $ 
 (1.3 
 )  
    
   
 32.9 
   
    
   
 16.1 
   
 
   Earnings from Discovery Family Channel 
    
   
 (23.3 
 )  
    
   
 (23.8 
 )  
    
   
 (19.0 
 )  
 
   Discovery tax sharing agreement revaluation 
    
   
 (19.9 
 )  
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Sale of manufacturing facilities 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (6.6 
 )  
 
   Gain on sale of certain assets 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (2.8 
 )  
 
   Gain on sale of certain investments 
    
   
 (3.3 
 )  
    
   
 (6.2 
 )  
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 (4.1 
 )  
    
   
 4.6 
   
    
   
 6.3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (51.9 
 )  
    
   
 7.5 
   
    
   
 (6.0 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Foreign currency gains in 2017 compared to a significant loss in 2016 reflects the strengthening of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar across the
Company’s international markets. Foreign currency losses increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to higher losses in the fourth quarter of 2016 due to the weakening of certain currencies, primarily the Euro, against the U.S. dollar.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Earnings from the Discovery joint venture are comprised of the Company’s share in the results of the Network.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In relation to their joint venture, Hasbro and Discovery are party to a tax sharing agreement. Due to a change in tax law, the liability representing future
payments was revalued to reflect the lower future U.S. corporate tax rate beginning in 2018, which resulted in a $19.9 million gain.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The 2017 and 2016 gain on investments primarily reflects proceeds from the sale of certain long-term investments sold during the year.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In relation to their joint venture, Discovery owns an option to purchase Hasbro’s share of the Discovery Family Channel. The option’s fair value is
periodically  re-measured  and represents a $4.8 million gain in 2017 (included in other in the table above) due to the option’s value decrease.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In August 2015, the Company sold its manufacturing operations in East Longmeadow, MA and Waterford, Ireland which resulted in the recognition of a gain of
$6.6 million in other (income) expense, net.    INCOME TAXES  
 Income tax expense totaled 49.6% of  pre-tax  earnings in 2017 compared with 23.0% in 2016 and 26.0% in 2015.
Our effective tax rate is affected by recurring items, such as tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn in those jurisdictions. It is also affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year but are not
consistent from year to year. The following discrete items had the most significant impact on our effective tax rate. Income tax expense for 2017 includes net tax expense of $316.4 million relating to the Tax Act and net tax benefits of
approximately $82.0 million primarily due to reassessment of prior period tax positions, a repatriation of earnings resulting in a foreign tax credit benefit, and excess tax benefits relating to share-based compensation. Income tax expense for
2016 includes net tax benefits of approximately $12.0 million primarily related to the expiration of the statute of limitations for tax audits and settlements of exams in certain jurisdictions. Income tax expense for 2015 includes net tax
benefits of approximately $4.0 million primarily related to the expiration of the statute of limitations for tax audits in various international jurisdictions.    See Note 22, “Subsequent Event,” for disclosure of additional tax guidance related to the Tax Act.    NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS    Accounting
Pronouncement Updates    In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), in cooperation with the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), issued ASU  No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASC 606). This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting
Standards Codification 605 – Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Codification. This new guidance provides  
      38  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
a five-step model for analyzing contracts and transactions to determine when, how, and if revenue is recognized. Revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU  2014-09  also requires enhanced qualitative and quantitative
revenue related disclosures. ASU  2014-09  may be adopted on a full retrospective basis and applied to all prior periods presented, or on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative adjustment recorded
to opening retained earnings in the year of initial application. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU
 2014-09  on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective basis.    The Company’s
revenue is primarily generated from the sale of finished product to customers. Revenue is recognized at the point of time when ownership, risks, and rewards transfer. These transactions are generally not impacted by the new standard. The Company
does however offer certain types of variable payments to these customers such as pricing allowances, rebates, coupons and collaborative marketing arrangements. These types of payments are defined as variable consideration under ASU  2014-09.  The Company has completed evaluating the quantitative impact related to ASU  2014-09.  Based on the analysis performed, revenue recognition from the sale of finished
product to our customers, which is the majority of our revenues, is not expected to change under the new standard in the periods following adoption. Within our Entertainment and Licensing segment, the timing of revenue recognition for minimum
guarantees that we receive from licensees will change under ASU  2014-09.  Prior to the adoption of ASU  2014-09,  for licenses of our brands that are subject to minimum
guaranteed license fees, we recognized the difference between the minimum guaranteed amount and the actual royalties earned from licensee merchandise sales (“shortfalls”) at the end of the contract period, which was in our fourth quarter
for most of our licensee arrangements. In periods following our adoption of the new standard, minimum guaranteed amounts will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the license period. While the impact of this change will not be material to the
year, it will impact the timing of revenue recognition within our Entertainment and Licensing segment such that under the new standard, we will record less revenues in our fourth quarter and more revenues within our first, second, and third
quarters. No other areas of our business will be materially impacted by the new standard.    Our assessment of the impact of adopting ASU  2014-09  also included a review of our business processes, systems, and controls, as well as an assessment of the impact to future disclosures. As a result of our evaluation, we identified changes to and modified
certain of our accounting policies and practices. We also designed and implemented specific controls over our evaluation of the impact of ASU  2014-09.  Although there were not significant changes to our
accounting systems or controls upon adoption of the new standard, we modified certain of our existing controls to incorporate the revisions we made to our accounting policies and practices. Under the new standard, our notes to our Consolidated
Financial Statements related to revenue recognition will be expanded specifically around the quantitative and qualitative information about variable consideration on sales of finished products to customers.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) (ASU
 2016-02),  which will require lessees to recognize a  right-of-use  asset and a lease liability for virtually all leases. The
liability will be based on the present value of lease payments and the asset will be based on the liability. For income statement purposes, a dual model was retained requiring leases to be either classified as operating or finance. Operating leases
will result in straight-line expense while finance leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern. Additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures will be required. ASU  2016-02  is required for public
companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition. The Company is evaluating the requirements of ASU  2016-02  and its potential
impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The Company has a significant number of leases globally, primarily for property and office equipment, and is in the process of identifying and evaluating these leases in relation to the
requirements of ASU  2016-02.  For each of these leases, the term will be evaluated, including extension and renewal options as well as the lease payments associated with the leases. The Company does not expect
that its results of operations will be materially impacted by this standard. The Company expects to record assets and liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets upon adoption of this standard, which may be material. The adoption of this standard
will not have an impact on the Company’s cash flows.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which amends ASC Topic 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation. The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to
how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. The Company adopted ASU  2016-09  in the first quarter of 2017. A summary of the impact of the adoption is provided below,
however see Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. of this Form  10-K  for further disclosure.  
      39  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Company recorded excess tax benefits related to share-based payment awards of $32.1 million as part of income tax expense for the year ended
December 31, 2017.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Beginning in 2017, the Company classified excess tax benefits related to share-based employee awards as part of operating activities in the consolidated
statements of cash flows which were previously recorded as cash inflows from financing activities. To keep the statements of cash flows comparable, the Company elected to apply this portion of the standard retrospectively and restate its statement
of cash flows for 2016 and 2015.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Beginning in 2017, the Company classifies cash outflows for employee taxes paid related to shares withheld from share-based payment awards as financing
activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows which were previously included as operating activities. The Company has restated the consolidated statement of cash flows for 2016 and 2015 to reflect this new classification.
   In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU  2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of
Inventory (ASU  2015-11),  which replaces the concept of market price with the single measurement of net realizable value. ASU  2015-11  was effective for public companies
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s results or consolidated
financial statements.    In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (ASC
230) – Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments. The new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice across all industries, in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU  2016-15  is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company has evaluated the requirements of ASU  2016-15  and does not
presently believe that the adoption of the new standard will have a material impact on the Company’s results or consolidated financial statements.    In October 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  No. 2016-16  (ASU  2016-16),  Accounting for Income Taxes: Intra-Entity
Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. For public companies, this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The standard requires that the income tax impact of
intra-entity sales and transfers of property, except for inventory, be recognized when the transfer occurs requiring any deferred taxes not yet recognized on intra-entity transfers to be recorded to retained earnings. The Company has evaluated the
standard, and does not expect that it will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  
 In January 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017- 04 (ASU  2017-04),  Intangibles
-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment. The standard eliminates the requirement to measure the implied fair value of goodwill by assigning the fair value of a reporting unit to all assets and liabilities within
that unit (“the Step 2 test”) from the goodwill impairment test. Instead, if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited by the amount of
goodwill in that reporting unit. For public companies, this standard is effective and must be applied to annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently
evaluating the standard, but expects that it will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.    In March 2017,
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  No. 2017-07  (ASU  2017-07),  Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement
Benefit Cost. The standard requires companies to present the service cost component of net benefit cost in the income statement line items where they report compensation cost. Companies will present all other components of net benefit cost outside
operating income, if this subtotal is presented. For public companies, this standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard will not have a
material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    In August 2017, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  No. 2017-12  (ASU  2017-12),  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities. The amendments expand and refine hedge
accounting for both nonfinancial and financial risk components and align the recognition and presentation of the effects of the hedging instrument and the underlying hedged item in the financial statements. The impact of the standard includes
elimination of the requirement to separately measure and recognize hedge ineffectiveness and requires the presentation of fair value adjustments to hedging instruments to be included in the same income statement line as the hedged item. For public
companies, this standard is effective for annual  
      40  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the standard and its impact on our consolidated financial
statements.    OTHER INFORMATION  
 On June 23 2016, the United Kingdom (“UK”) voted in a referendum to leave the European Union (“EU”),
commonly referred to as Brexit. The UK government triggered the formal  two-year  period to negotiate the terms of the UK’s exit and future relationship with the EU on March 29   2017. The terms of this future relationship are uncertain but the UK government has
confirmed its intention to remove the UK from the EU single market and implement additional controls on the movement of people from the EU. An additional  two-year  transitional period to 2021 has been proposed.
The Brexit vote resulted in a weakening of British pound sterling against the US dollar and increased volatility in the foreign currency markets, notably the euro. These fluctuations initially affected our financial results, although the impact was
partially mitigated by our hedging strategy. Sterling has strengthened in recent months due to a weaker US dollar. Our revenues in Europe are predominantly denominated in local currency. Hasbro will continue to closely monitor the Brexit
negotiations and the foreign currency markets, taking appropriate actions to support its long term strategy and to mitigate risks in its operational and financial activities.    LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES    The Company has historically generated
a significant amount of cash from operations. In 2017 the Company funded its operations and liquidity needs primarily through cash flows from operations, and, when needed, using borrowings under its available lines of credit and its commercial paper
program. During 2018, the Company expects to continue to fund its working capital needs primarily through available cash and cash flows from operations and, when needed, by issuing commercial paper or borrowing under its revolving credit agreement.
In the event that the Company is not able to issue commercial paper, the Company intends to utilize its available lines of credit. The Company believes that the funds available to it, including cash expected to be generated from operations and funds
available through its commercial paper program or its available lines of credit are adequate to meet its working capital needs for 2018, however, unexpected events or circumstances such as material operating losses or increased capital or other
expenditures, or inability to otherwise access the commercial paper market, may reduce or eliminate the availability of external financial resources. In addition, significant disruptions to credit markets may also reduce or eliminate the
availability of external financial resources. Although the Company believes the risk of nonperformance by the counterparties to its financial facilities is not significant, in times of severe economic downturn in the credit markets it is possible
that one or more sources of external financing may be unable or unwilling to provide funding to the Company.    In September 2017, the
Company issued $500.0 million in principal amount of Notes Due 2027 that bear interest at a rate of 3.50%. Net proceeds of the Notes offering, after deduction of the underwriting discount and debt issuance expenses, totaled approximately
$493.9 million. The Company may redeem the Notes at its option at the greater of the principal amount of the Notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments using the effective interest rate on applicable U.S. Treasury bills plus
25 basis points. In addition, on or after June 15, 2027, the Company may redeem at its option, any portion of the Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed. The proceeds from the issuance of
the Notes were used, primarily, to repay $350 million aggregate principal amount of the 6.30% Notes Due 2017 upon maturity, including accrued and unpaid interest. The remaining net proceeds were utilized for general corporate and working
capital purposes.    As of December 31, 2017, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents totaled $1,581.2 million,
substantially all of which is held by international subsidiaries. Prior to 2017, deferred income taxes had not been provided on the majority of undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries as such earnings were indefinitely reinvested by the
Company. Accordingly, such international cash balances were not available to fund cash requirements in the United States unless the Company was to change its reinvestment policy. The Company has maintained sufficient sources of cash in the United
States to fund cash requirements without the need to repatriate any funds. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law which provides significant changes to the U.S. tax system including the elimination of the ability to
defer U.S. income tax on unrepatriated earnings by imposing a  one-time  mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed foreign earnings, estimated to be $271.6 million as of December 31, 2017. As
a result, in the future, the related earnings in foreign jurisdictions will be made available with greater investment flexibility. The majority of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents held outside of the United States as of December 31,
2017 is denominated in the U.S. dollar.  
      41  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The table below outlines key financial information pertaining to our consolidated balance sheets
including the year-over-year changes.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2016 
   
    
 % Change 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Cash and cash equivalents, net of short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 1,426.3 
   
    
   
 29 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,109.7 
   
    
   
 37 
 %  
   
 $ 
 812.2 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net 
    
   
 1,405.4 
   
    
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 1,320.0 
   
    
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 1,217.9 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 433.3 
   
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 387.7 
   
    
   
 1 
 %  
   
   
 384.5 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 214.0 
   
    
   
 -10 
 %  
   
   
 237.7 
   
    
   
 -17 
 %  
   
   
 286.5 
   
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 605.9 
   
    
   
 -22 
 %  
   
   
 779.9 
   
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 744.1 
   
 
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 1,096.7 
   
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 1,095.6 
   
    
   
 22 
 %  
   
   
 900.1 
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 514.7 
   
    
   
 32 
 %  
   
   
 389.4 
   
    
   
 -4 
 %  
   
   
 404.9 
   
   Accounts receivable, net increased 7% in 2017 compared to 2016. Excluding a $57.8 million foreign currency
translation benefit, accounts receivable, net, increased 2% in line with 2017 net revenue growth. Days sales outstanding increased 6 days to 79 days at December 31, 2017 from 73 days at December 25, 2016, including two days related to the
Toys “R” Us  pre-bankruptcy  receivables not yet collected. The remaining increase was primarily due to the timing of collections. Accounts receivable, net increased 8% in 2016 compared to 2015.
Excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, accounts receivable, net increased 11% in 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting 12% revenue growth in the fourth quarter of 2016, excluding unfavorable foreign currency translation, compared to 2015.
Days sales outstanding decreased to 73 days at December 25, 2016 from 75 days at December 27, 2015.    Inventories increased 12%
at the end of 2017 compared to 2016. Excluding the $24.8 million benefit from foreign currency translation, inventories increased 5% in 2017 compared to 2016. The increase in inventories, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, is due in part
to higher inventory levels in growing brands and in newly entered markets to support growth in the business. The Company continues to work to improve inventory management with a focus on ensuring we have the right levels of inventory in new and
growing brands. Inventories increased by 1% in 2016 compared to 2015 and 2% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The slight increase in inventories, excluding the impact of foreign exchange, was primarily due to higher levels in the Latin
America and Europe regions in support of growth initiatives.    Prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased 10% in 2017 compared to
2016. The majority of the decrease is due to lower unrealized gains on foreign exchange contracts as a result of the weakening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies across the Company’s international markets and to a lesser extent,
lower prepaid royalty balances in 2017. These decreases were partially offset by higher prepaid  non-income  related taxes, primarily value-added taxes. Prepaid expenses and other current assets decreased 17% in
2016 compared to 2015. The majority of the decrease was due to a decrease in the value of foreign exchange contracts in 2016 compared to 2015 and, to a lesser extent, reduced prepaid royalties.  
 Other assets decreased 22% in 2017 compared to 2016. Lower balances in 2017 relate primarily to reduced deferred tax asset balances as a result of
the decrease in the U.S. corporate tax rate beginning in 2018, as provided by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017. In addition, other assets decreased from declines in the value of long-term foreign exchange contracts, payments
received from Cartamundi in relation to a long-term note receivable related to the sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations in August 2015 and lower long-term royalty advances. These decreases were partially offset by higher capitalized
movie and television production costs, net of related production rebates in 2017. Other assets increased approximately 5% in 2016 compared to 2015. Increases in deferred taxes, foreign exchange contracts and other receivables were partially offset
by decreases in royalty advances and a payment reducing amounts due from Cartamundi.    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities were
essentially flat in 2017 compared to 2016. Increases included a tax withholding on the multi-year stock award agreement earned by the Company’s CEO at December 31, 2017 (see note 13, “Stock Options, Other Stock Awards and
Warrants,” to the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements included within Item 8 of this  10-K  for further discussion), higher accrued dividends due to a higher dividend rate announced for 2018,
and increased accounts payable balances due to timing of payments in 2017 and the Company’s focus on improving payable terms. These increases were offset by lower incentive compensation accruals and other miscellaneous accruals in 2017.
Accounts payable and accrued expenses increased approximately 22% in 2016 compared to 2015. The increase was primarily due to increased accounts payable due to timing of payments, higher accrued royalties for licensed properties reflecting a strong
entertainment  line-up  and utilization of guarantee payments in 2016 compared to 2015 as well as higher accrued income taxes due to higher fourth quarter earnings, higher accrued advertising due to lower levels
of advertising in the fourth quarter of 2015 and increased foreign exchange currency liability related to certain strengthening foreign currencies in 2016.  
      42  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Other liabilities increased 32% in 2017 compared to 2016. The increase is primarily due to the
$181.3 million estimated repatriation tax liability, which is net of certain foreign tax credits. This increase is partially offset by a decline of $53.0 million in the funded status of the Company’s pension plan liability, primarily
due to a $50.0 million contribution in 2017, as well as a decrease in the long-term tax receivable agreement with Discovery due to the U.S. federal tax rate reduction that will begin in 2018 as discussed above. Other liabilities decreased 4% in
2016 compared to 2015. The decrease is primarily due to a $62 million contribution made to the Company’s U.S. pension plan in 2016 partially offset by an increase in the pension liability reflecting changes in actuarial assumptions,
primarily lower discount rates, and an increase in the liability for uncertain tax positions.    Cash Flow
   The following table summarizes the changes in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for each of the years ended on
December 31, 2017, December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Net cash provided by (used in) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Operating Activities 
    
 $ 
 724.4 
   
    
   
 817.3 
   
    
   
 571.4 
   
 
   Investing Activities 
    
   
 (131.5 
 )  
    
   
 (138.4 
 )  
    
   
 (103.6 
 )  
 
   Financing Activities 
    
   
 (312.2 
 )  
    
   
 (375.5 
 )  
    
   
 (365.4 
 )  
   In 2017, 2016 and 2015, Hasbro generated $724.4 million, $817.3 million and $571.4 million of cash
from its operating activities, respectively. Operating cash flows in 2017, 2016 and 2015 included $48.0 million, $48.7 million and $42.5 million, respectively, of cash used for television program and film production. The decrease in
operating cash flows in 2017 compared to 2016 was the result of unfavorable changes in working capital, as described above, excluding the impact of the net $296.5 million charge related to tax reform. In 2016, the increase in cash flows
provided by operating activities compared to 2015 can be attributed to net earnings growth and working capital initiatives.    Cash flows
utilized by investing activities were $131.5 million, $138.4 million and $103.6 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Additions to property, plant and equipment decreased in 2017 to $134.9 million from $154.9 million
and $142.0 in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Of these additions, 59% in 2017, 57% in 2016 and 54% in 2015 were for purchases of tools, dies and molds related to the Company’s products. During the three years ended December 31, 2017, the
depreciation of plant and equipment was $143.0 million, $119.7 million and $111.6 million, respectively. Fluctuations in depreciation of plant and equipment correlate with the percentage of additions to property, plant and equipment
relating to tools, dies and molds which have shorter useful lives and accelerated depreciation. Excluding capital expenditures, 2017 proceeds from investing activities includes $6.4 million received on the installment note relating to the sale
of the Company’s manufacturing operations in 2015. Excluding capital expenditures, 2016 proceeds from investing activities includes $19.8 million in capital and tax distributions from Discovery Family Channel and a $6.4 million
installment note payment partially offset by utilization of $12.4 million to purchase the net assets of Boulder in July of 2016. 2015 proceeds from investing activities, excluding capital expenditures, reflects $18.6 million related to the
sale of the Company’s manufacturing operations and $20.7 million in capital and tax distributions from Discovery Family Channel.  
 Net cash utilized by financing activities was $312.2 million, $375.5 million, and $365.4 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Financing activities in 2017 include net proceeds of $493.9 million from the September 2017 issuance of $500.0 million 3.50% long-term notes due 2027, net of $6.1 million of debt issuance costs, offset by the repayment
of $350.0 million 6.30% long-term notes that matured in September 2017. Of the amounts utilized in 2017, 2016 and 2015, $151.3, $150.1 million, and $87.2 million, respectively, reflects cash paid, including transaction costs, to
repurchase the Company’s common stock. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company repurchased 1.6 million, 1.9 million, and 1.2 million shares, respectively, at an average price of $94.74, $79.86, and $68.01, respectively. At
December 31, 2017, $178.0 million remained for share repurchases under the February 2015 Board authorization. Dividends paid were $277.0 million in 2017, $248.9 million in 2016 and $225.8 million in 2015. The Company has
increased its quarterly dividend rate from $0.46 in 2015 to $0.51 in 2016 and $0.57 in 2017. Net repayments of short-term borrowings of $18.4 million in 2017 compared to net proceeds from short-term borrowings of $9.0 million in 2016 and
net repayments of short-term borrowings of $87.3 million in 2015. The Company generated cash from employee stock option transactions of $29.4 million, $42.2 million, and $43.3 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The
Company paid withholding taxes related to share-based compensation of $32.0 million, $22.0 million and $4.7 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      43  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Sources and Uses of Cash  
 The Company commits to inventory production, advertising and marketing expenditures prior to the peak fourth quarter retail selling season. Accounts
receivable increases during the third and fourth quarter as customers increase their purchases to meet expected consumer demand in their holiday selling season. Due to the concentrated timeframe of this selling period, payments for these accounts
receivable are generally not due until the fourth quarter or early in the first quarter of the subsequent year. This timing difference between expenditures and cash collections on accounts receivable makes it necessary for the Company to borrow
higher amounts during the latter part of the year. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company primarily used cash from operations and borrowings under its commercial paper program and available lines of credit to fund its working capital.  
 The Company has an agreement with a group of banks which provides for a commercial paper program (the “Program”). Under the Program, at
the request of the Company and subject to market conditions, the banks may either purchase from the Company, or arrange for the sale by the Company, of unsecured commercial paper notes. The Company may issue notes from time to time up to an
aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of $1,000.0 million, increased from $700.0 million in during the fourth quarter of 2016.. The maturities of the notes may vary but may not exceed 397 days. The notes are sold under
customary terms in the commercial paper market and are issued at a discount to par, or alternatively, sold at par and bear varying interest rates based on a fixed or floating rate basis. The interest rates vary based on market conditions and the
ratings assigned to the notes by the credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. Borrowings under the Program are supported by the Company’s $1,000.0 million revolving credit agreement. At December 31, 2017, the Company had
$137.5 million in borrowings outstanding related to the Program.   The Company has a revolving credit agreement (the
“Agreement”) which provides the Company with a $1,000.0 million committed borrowing facility. The Agreement contains certain financial covenants setting forth leverage and coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical
of an investment grade facility, including with respect to liens, mergers and incurrence of indebtedness. Prior to September 2017, the Agreement provided for a $700.0 million revolving credit facility. During the third quarter of 2017 and
pursuant to the Agreement, the Company proposed and the Lenders agreed to increase the committed borrowing facility from $700.0 million to $1,000.0 million. The Company was in compliance with all covenants in the Agreement as of and for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017. The Company had no borrowings outstanding under its committed revolving credit facility at December 31, 2017. However, letters of credit outstanding under this facility as of December 31, 2017
were approximately $1.1 million. Amounts available and unused under the committed line at December 31, 2017 were approximately $861.4 million, inclusive of borrowings under the Company’s commercial paper program. The Company also
has other uncommitted lines from various banks, of which approximately $53.3 million was utilized at December 31, 2017. Of the amount utilized under, or supported by, the uncommitted lines, approximately $17.5 million and
$35.8 million represent outstanding short-term borrowings and letters of credit, respectively.    Including the notes described above,
as well as certain Notes due 2040 and Debentures due 2028, the Company has principal amounts of long-term debt at December 31, 2017 of approximately $1,709.9 million due at varying times from 2021 through 2044. The Company also had letters
of credit and other similar instruments of $36.5 million and 2018 purchase commitments of $740.3 million outstanding at December 31, 2017. In 2018, the Company expects capital expenditures to be in the range of $135.0 million to
$155.0 million. In addition, the Company expects to be committed to guaranteed royalty payments of approximately $78.3 million in 2018.    Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates    The Company
prepares its consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. As such, management is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that it believes are
reasonable based on information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods
presented. The significant accounting policies which management believes are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating the Company’s reported financial results include recoverability of goodwill and income taxes.
   Recoverability of Goodwill  
 Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. If an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be
recoverable, the Company will perform an interim test at that time. The Company may perform a qualitative assessment and bypass the quantitative  two-step  impairment process if it is not more likely than not
that impairment exists.  
      44  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Performing a qualitative assessment of goodwill requires a high degree of judgment regarding assumptions
underlying the valuation. Qualitative factors and their impact on critical inputs are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If it is more likely than not
that impairment exists, the quantitative  two-step  goodwill impairment test is performed. When performing the quantitative  two-step  impairment test, goodwill and other
intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment by comparing their carrying value to their estimated fair value which is calculated using an income approach. During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company performed a qualitative
assessment with respect to certain of its reporting units with goodwill totaling $486.8 million. The Company utilized this approach for all reporting units with the exception of Backflip and the Company’s Entertainment reporting unit based
on the amount by which historical estimated reporting unit fair values exceeded carrying values. Based on its qualitative and quantitative assessments, the Company concluded that there was no impairment of the goodwill during 2017. Further
discussion of the Company’s quantitative assessment of Backflip goodwill is discussed below.    As of December 27, 2015 the
Company had $119.1 million of goodwill related to its 2013 acquisition of Backflip, which represents a separate reporting unit. The Company’s strategy when it purchased its interest in Backflip was to produce game titles based on
Backflip’s DRAGONVALE brand and to develop and market games based on Hasbro brands. Because Backflip was a recent acquisition and to date had been investment spending in anticipation of 2016 game releases, the Company performed the quantitative
 two-step  impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2015 for this reporting unit. At that time, the Company concluded that there was no goodwill impairment related to Backflip. During the fourth quarter of
2016 in conjunction with the Company’s annual review for impairment, we completed step one of the annual goodwill impairment test for the Backflip reporting unit. Prior to the fourth quarter of 2016, there were no triggering events that would
have required the Company to complete an impairment test. Our evaluation of the 2016 year performance of the Backflip reporting unit was dependent in large part on the performance of launches that took place during the fourth quarter of 2016.
Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2016, we revised our expectations regarding the timing of future launches. The first step of the goodwill impairment analysis involved comparing the Backflip carrying value to its estimated fair value,
which was calculated based on the Income Approach. Discounted cash flows serve as the primary basis for the Income Approach. The Company utilized forecasted cash flows for the Backflip reporting unit that included assumptions including but not
limited to: expected revenues to be realized based on planned future mobile game releases; expected EBITDA margins derived in part based on expected future royalty costs, advertising and marketing costs, development costs, and overhead costs; and
expected future tax rates. The cash flows beyond the forecast period were estimated using a terminal value growth rate of 3%. To calculate the fair value of the future cash flows under the Income Approach, a discount rate of 14% was utilized,
representing the reporting unit’s estimated weighted-average cost of capital. Based on the results of the step one impairment test the Company determined that the fair value of the Backflip reporting unit was below its carrying value, and
therefore, impairment was indicated. Because indicators of impairment existed, the Company commenced the second step of the goodwill impairment analysis to determine the implied fair value of goodwill for the Backflip reporting unit, which was
determined in the same manner utilized to estimate the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. As part of the second step of the goodwill impairment analysis, the Company assigned the fair value of the Backflip reporting unit, as
calculated under the first step of the goodwill impairment analysis, to all the assets and liabilities, including identifiable intangibles assets, of that reporting unit. The implied fair value of goodwill was measured as the excess of the fair
value of the Backflip reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities. Based on this assessment, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $32.9 million during the fourth quarter of 2016. During the fourth quarter of
2017, the Company performed the annual quantitative  two-step  impairment test with respect to Backflip. Based on the results of the impairment test, the Company concluded that there was no impairment in 2017 as
the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. Should Backflip not achieve its profitability and growth targets, including the anticipated game releases in 2018 and beyond, or if industry discount rates significantly
increase, the carrying value of this reporting unit may become impaired.    The estimation of future cash flows utilized in the evaluation
of the Company’s goodwill requires significant judgments and estimates with respect to future revenues related to the respective asset and the future cash outlays related to those revenues. Actual revenues and related cash flows or changes in
anticipated revenues and related cash flows could result in a change in this assessment and result in an impairment charge. The estimation of discounted cash flows also requires the selection of an appropriate discount rate. The use of different
assumptions would increase or decrease estimated discounted cash flows and could increase or decrease the related impairment charge.  
      45  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Income Taxes  
 The Company’s annual income tax rate is based on its income, statutory tax rates, changes in prior tax positions and tax planning opportunities
available in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Significant judgment and estimates are required to determine the Company’s annual tax rate and evaluate its tax positions. Despite the Company’s belief that its tax return
positions are fully supportable, these positions are subject to challenge and estimated liabilities are established in the event that these positions are challenged and the Company is not successful in defending these challenges. These estimated
liabilities, as well as the related interest, are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances such as the progress of a tax audit. In addition, on December 22, 2017 the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly
referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”). The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code that affected 2017, including the requirement for the Company to pay a
 one-time  transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries that is payable over eight years. The Tax Act also established new tax laws that will affect 2018, including, but not limited
to, (i) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent; (ii) generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (iii) requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable
income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; (iv) creating a new limitation on deductible interest expense; and (v) imposing limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation.  
 The Tax Act requires complex computations to be performed, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the Tax Act,
significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. The U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how
provisions of the Tax Act will be applied or otherwise administered, with a possible retroactive effect, which is different from our interpretation. As we complete our analysis of the Tax Act, collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any
additional guidance, we may make adjustments to provisional amounts that we have recorded that may materially impact our provision for income taxes in the period in which the adjustments are made.  
 In certain cases, tax law requires items to be included in the Company’s income tax returns at a different time than when these items are
recognized on the consolidated financial statements or at a different amount than that which is recognized on the consolidated financial statements. Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses that are not deductible on the
Company’s tax returns, while other differences are temporary and will reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. These differences that will reverse over time are recorded as deferred tax assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets. Deferred tax assets represent deductions that have been reflected in the consolidated financial statements but have not yet been reflected in the Company’s income tax returns. Valuation allowances are established against deferred tax
assets to the extent that it is determined that the Company will have insufficient future taxable income, including capital gains, to fully realize the future deductions or capital losses. Deferred tax liabilities represent expenses recognized on
the Company’s income tax return that have not yet been recognized in the Company’s consolidated financial statements or income recognized in the consolidated financial statements that has not yet been recognized in the Company’s
income tax return.    Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments  
 In the normal course of its business, the Company enters into contracts related to obtaining rights to produce products under license, which may
require the payment of minimum guarantees, as well as contracts related to the leasing of facilities and equipment. In addition, the Company has $1,709.9 million in principal amount of long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2017.
Future payments required under these and other obligations as of December 31, 2017 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Payments due by Fiscal
Year 
   
 
 Certain Contractual Obligations 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2020 
   
    
 2021 
   
    
 2022 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 300.0 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 1,409.9 
   
    
   
 1,709.9 
   
 
   Interest payments on long-term debt 
    
   
 81.3 
   
    
   
 81.3 
   
    
   
 81.3 
   
    
   
 75.7 
   
    
   
 71.8 
   
    
   
 999.0 
   
    
   
 1390.4 
   
 
   Operating lease commitments 
    
   
 46.9 
   
    
   
 41.3 
   
    
   
 27.4 
   
    
   
 22.9 
   
    
   
 14.5 
   
    
   
 21.9 
   
    
   
 174.9 
   
 
   Future minimum guaranteed contractual royalty payments 
    
   
 78.3 
   
    
   
 61.2 
   
    
   
 20.2 
   
    
   
 27.0 
   
    
   
 27.0 
   
    
   
 15.9 
   
    
   
 229.6 
   
 
   Tax sharing
agreement a 
    
   
 7.1 
   
    
   
 4.5 
   
    
   
 4.7 
   
    
   
 4.9 
   
    
   
 5.1 
   
    
   
 14.6 
   
    
   
 40.9 
   
 
   Purchase
commitments b 
    
   
 552.8 
   
    
   
 104.6 
   
    
   
 82.9 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 740.3 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 766.4 
   
    
   
 292.9 
   
    
   
 216.5 
   
    
   
 430.5 
   
    
   
 118.4 
   
    
   
 2,461.3 
   
    
   
 4,286.0 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      46  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 a   
   In connection with the Company’s agreement to form a joint venture with Discovery, the Company is obligated to make future payments to Discovery under a tax
sharing agreement. These payments are contingent upon the Company having sufficient taxable income to realize the expected tax deductions of certain amounts related to the joint venture. Accordingly, estimates of these amounts are included in the
table above. In December 2017 the liability was revalued as a result of the reduction of the U.S. federal corporate tax rate provided by the Tax Act.  
 
 
 b   
   Purchase commitments represent agreements (including open purchase orders) to purchase inventory and tooling in the ordinary course of business as well as
purchase commitments under a manufacturing agreement. The reported amounts exclude inventory and tooling purchase liabilities included in accounts payable or accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2017.
   As discussed above, the Tax Act requires the Company to pay a  one-time 
mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed foreign earnings, estimated to be $271.6 million as of December 31, 2017. The Company expects to utilize $90.3 million of existing tax credits to reduce the $271.6 million U.S.
federal tax liability, which will result in $181.3 million to be paid over eight years. The timing and ultimate amount of payment is unknown at this time. See Note 22, “Subsequent Event,” to the consolidated financial statements
included in Item 8. of this Form  10-K  for further discussion on additional tax guidance that will change this liability.    Theatrical and Other Contingencies    The table above also excludes
$50.0 million in guaranteed royalties related to the Company’s license agreement related to STAR WARS as the amount and timing of such payments are due in accordance with the anticipated releases of a new STAR WARS theatrical release in
2018.    The Company and Saban Brands LLC (“Saban”) have entered a license agreement under which Saban granted to the Company the
right to develop, market and sell a range of products based upon Saban’s Power Rangers property for sale to the public beginning in the spring of 2019. In connection with that license agreement Saban Properties LLC (“Saban
Properties”) an affiliate of Saban, and the Company entered into an agreement that provides each of Saban Properties and the Company with a right to initiate the Company’s purchase of Saban Properties’ rights in the Power Rangers
property during designated periods in the future, which periods begin in 2022. If either party initiates a sale process the Company will pay Saban Properties a purchase price determined by a fair market value computation specified in the agreement,
with the purchase price subject to specified floors depending on which party initiates the process. The table above does not include any amount attributable to the exercise of this right as there is no guarantee the right will be exercised by either
party, and if it is exercised the amount of the purchase price will be determinable only at the time of exercise.  
 Other Expected Future Payments    From time to time, the Company may be party to arrangements, contractual or otherwise, whereby the Company may not be able to estimate the ultimate timing or amount of the related payments. As such, these amounts
have been excluded from the table above and described below:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2017, the Company has a liability of $89.4 million of potential tax,
interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in various income tax returns. The Company does not know the ultimate resolution of these uncertain tax positions and as such, does not know the
ultimate amount or timing of payments related to this liability.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   At December 31, 2017, the Company had letters of credit and related instruments of approximately $35.8 million.  
 The Company believes that cash from operations and funds available through its commercial paper program or lines of credit will allow the Company to
meet these and other obligations described above.    Financial Risk Management  
 The Company is exposed to market risks attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily as the result of sourcing products
priced in U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollars while marketing and selling those products in more than twenty currencies. Results of operations may be affected primarily by changes in the value of the U.S. dollar, Hong Kong dollar, Euro, British pound
sterling, Canadian dollar, Brazilian real, Russian ruble and Mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, other currencies in Latin American and Asia Pacific countries.  
      47  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  To manage this exposure, the Company has hedged a portion of its forecasted foreign currency
transactions using foreign exchange forward contracts. The Company estimates that a hypothetical immediate 10% depreciation of the U.S. dollar against all foreign currencies included in these foreign exchange forward contracts could result in an
approximate $95.7 million decrease in the fair value of these instruments. A decrease in the fair value of these instruments would be substantially offset by decreases in the value of the forecasted foreign currency transactions.  
 The Company is also exposed to foreign currency risk with respect to its net cash and cash equivalents or short-term borrowing positions in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company believes, however, that the  on-going  risk on the net exposure should not be material to its financial condition. In addition, the Company’s revenues and
costs have been and will likely continue to be affected by changes in foreign currency rates. A significant change in foreign exchange rates can materially impact the Company’s revenues and earnings due to translation of foreign-denominated
revenues and expenses. The Company does not hedge against translation impacts of foreign exchange. From time to time, affiliates of the Company may make or receive intercompany loans in currencies other than their functional currency. The
Company manages this exposure at the time the loan is made by using foreign exchange contracts.    The Company reflects all derivatives at
their fair value as an asset or liability on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not speculate in foreign currency exchange contracts. At December 31, 2017, these contracts had net unrealized losses of $10.9 million, of which
$3.3 million are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets, $8.9 million are recorded in other assets and ($14.2) million are recorded in accrued liabilities and $(8.9) million are recorded in other liabilities. Included in
accumulated other comprehensive earnings at December 31, 2017 are deferred losses of $15.8 million, net of tax, related to these derivatives.    At December 31, 2017, the Company had fixed rate long-term debt of $1,709.9 million. Of this long-term debt, $600.0 million represents the aggregate issuance of long-term debt in May 2014 which
consists of $300.0 million of 3.15% Notes Due 2021 and $300.0 million of 5.10% Notes Due 2044. Prior to the May 2014 debt issuance, the Company entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with a total notional value of
$500.0 million to hedge the anticipated underlying U.S. Treasury interest rate. These interest rate swaps were matched with this debt issuance and were designated and effective as hedges of the change in future interest payments. At the date of
issuance, the Company terminated these swap agreements and their fair value at the date of issuance was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss and is being amortized through the consolidated statements of operations using an effective
interest rate method over the life of the related debt. Included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2017 are deferred losses, net of tax, of $17.0 million related to these derivatives.  
 On June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom (“UK”) voted in a referendum to leave the European Union (“EU”), commonly referred to
as Brexit. The UK government triggered the formal  two-year  period to negotiate the terms of the UK’s exit and future relationship with the EU on March 29, 2017. The terms of this future relationship
are uncertain but the UK government has confirmed its intention to remove the UK from the EU single market and implement additional controls on the movement of people from the EU. An additional  two-year 
transitional period to 2021 has been proposed. The Brexit vote resulted in a weakening of British pound sterling against the US dollar and increased volatility in the foreign currency markets, notably the euro. These fluctuations initially affected
our financial results, although the impact was partially mitigated by our hedging strategy. Sterling has strengthened in recent months due to a weaker US dollar. Our revenues in Europe are predominantly denominated in local currency. Hasbro will
continue to closely monitor the Brexit negotiations and the foreign currency markets, taking appropriate actions to support its long term strategy and to mitigate risks in its operational and financial activities.  
 The Economy and Inflation    The principal market for the Company’s products is the retail sector. Revenues from the Company’s top five customers, all retailers, accounted for approximately 42% of its consolidated net revenues
in 2017 and 41% and 38% of its consolidated net revenues in 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company monitors the creditworthiness of its customers and adjusts credit policies and limits as it deems appropriate.  
 The Company’s revenue pattern continues to show the second half of the year to be more significant to its overall business for the full year.
In 2017, approximately 65% of the Company’s full year net revenues were recognized in the second half of the year. The Company expects that this concentration will continue. The concentration of sales in the second half of the year increases
the risk of (a) underproduction of popular items, (b) overproduction of less popular items, and (c) failure to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules. The business of the Company is characterized by customer order patterns
which vary from year to year largely because of differences in the degree of consumer acceptance of a product line, product availability, marketing strategies, inventory levels, policies of retailers and differences in overall economic conditions.
Larger retailers generally  
      48  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  
maintain lower inventories throughout the year and purchase a greater percentage of product within or close to the fourth quarter holiday consumer buying season, which includes Christmas.
   Quick response inventory management practices being used by retailers result in orders increasingly placed for immediate delivery and
fewer orders placed well in advance of shipment. Retailers are timing their orders so that they are filled by suppliers closer to the time of purchase by consumers. To the extent that retailers do not sell as much of their  year-end  inventory purchases during this holiday selling season as they had anticipated, their demand for additional product earlier in the following fiscal year may be curtailed, thus negatively impacting the
Company’s future revenues. In addition, the bankruptcy or other lack of success of one of the Company’s significant retailers could negatively impact the Company’s future revenues.  
 The effect of inflation on the Company’s operations during 2017 was not significant and the Company will continue its practice of monitoring
costs and adjusting prices, accordingly.    Other Information  
 The Company is not aware of any material amounts of potential exposure relating to environmental matters and does not believe its environmental
compliance costs or liabilities to be material to its operating results or financial position.      
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
 The information required by this item is included in Item 7 of Part II of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference.  
      49  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    To the Shareholders and Board of Directors    Hasbro, Inc.:    Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements    We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Hasbro, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings, cash flows and shareholders’ equity
and redeemable noncontrolling interests for each of the years in the  three-year  period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II (collectively, the
“consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the  three-year  period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our
report dated February 26, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.    Basis for Opinion    These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 /s/ KPMG    We
have not been able to determine the specific year that we began serving as the Company’s auditor, however we are aware that we have served as the Company’s auditor since at least 1968.  
 Providence, Rhode Island    February 26, 2018  
      50  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016    (Thousands of Dollars Except Share Data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
 ASSETS 
   
 
   Current assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,581,234 
   
   
   
 1,282,285 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $31,400 in 2017 and $16,800 in 2016 
    
   
 1,405,399 
   
   
   
 1,319,963 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 433,293 
   
   
   
 387,675 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 214,000 
   
   
   
 237,684 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 3,633,926 
   
   
   
 3,227,607 
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 259,710 
   
   
   
 267,398 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 573,063 
   
   
   
 570,555 
   
 
   Other intangibles, net 
    
   
 217,382 
   
   
   
 245,949 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 605,902 
   
   
   
 779,857 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
   
 1,396,347 
   
   
   
 1,596,361 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 5,289,983 
   
   
   
 5,091,366 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
   
 
   Current liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
    
 $ 
 154,957 
   
   
   
 172,582 
   
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 349,713 
   
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 348,476 
   
   
   
 319,525 
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 748,264 
   
   
   
 776,039 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 1,251,697 
   
   
   
 1,617,859 
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 1,693,609 
   
   
   
 1,198,679 
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 514,720 
   
   
   
 389,388 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 3,460,026 
   
   
   
 3,205,926 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 22,704 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preference stock of $2.50 par value. Authorized 5,000,000 shares; none issued 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Common stock of $0.50 par value. Authorized 600,000,000 shares; issued 209,694,630 shares in 2017 and 2016 
    
   
 104,847 
   
   
   
 104,847 
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 1,050,605 
   
   
   
 985,418 
   
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 4,260,222 
   
   
   
 4,148,722 
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (239,425 
 )  
   
   
 (194,570 
 )  
 
   Treasury stock, at cost, 85,244,923 shares in 2017 and 85,207,677 shares in 2016 
    
   
 (3,346,292 
 )  
   
   
 (3,181,681 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 1,829,957 
   
   
   
 1,862,736 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 5,289,983 
   
   
   
 5,091,366 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      51  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Operations    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars Except Per Share Data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 5,209,782 
   
   
   
 5,019,822 
   
   
   
 4,447,509 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Costs and expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 2,033,693 
   
   
   
 1,905,474 
   
   
   
 1,677,033 
   
 
   Royalties 
    
   
 405,488 
   
   
   
 409,522 
   
   
   
 379,245 
   
 
   Product development 
    
   
 269,020 
   
   
   
 266,375 
   
   
   
 242,944 
   
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 501,813 
   
   
   
 468,940 
   
   
   
 409,388 
   
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
    
   
 28,818 
   
   
   
 34,763 
   
   
   
 43,722 
   
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 35,798 
   
   
   
 35,931 
   
   
   
 42,449 
   
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 1,124,793 
   
   
   
 1,110,769 
   
   
   
 960,795 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 4,399,423 
   
   
   
 4,231,774 
   
   
   
 3,755,576 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 810,359 
   
   
   
 788,048 
   
   
   
 691,933 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Non-operating  (income) expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 98,268 
   
   
   
 97,405 
   
   
   
 97,122 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 (22,155 
 )  
   
   
 (9,367 
 )  
   
   
 (3,145 
 )  
 
   Other (income) expense, net 
    
   
 (51,904 
 )  
   
   
 7,521 
   
   
   
 (5,959 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total  non-operating  expense, net 
    
   
 24,209 
   
   
   
 95,559 
   
   
   
 88,018 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 786,150 
   
   
   
 692,489 
   
   
   
 603,915 
   
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 389,543 
   
   
   
 159,338 
   
   
   
 157,043 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 396,607 
   
   
   
 533,151 
   
   
   
 446,872 
   
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (18,229 
 )  
   
   
 (4,966 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 396,607 
   
   
   
 551,380 
   
   
   
 451,838 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 3.17 
   
   
   
 4.40 
   
   
   
 3.61 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.12 
   
   
   
 4.34 
   
   
   
 3.57 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 2.28 
   
   
   
 2.04 
   
   
   
 1.84 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      52  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Net earnings 
    
 $ 
 396,607 
   
   
   
 533,151 
   
   
   
 446,872 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive earnings (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustments 
    
   
 32,017 
   
   
   
 (5,033 
 )  
   
   
 (95,694 
 )  
 
   Unrealized holding (losses) gains on  available-for-sale 
securities, net of tax 
    
   
 (390 
 )  
   
   
 166 
   
   
   
 (642 
 )  
 
   Net (losses) gains on cash flow hedging activities, net of tax 
    
   
 (90,302 
 )  
   
   
 25,748 
   
   
   
 86,155 
   
 
   Changes in unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts, net of tax 
    
   
 1,555 
   
   
   
 (20,829 
 )  
   
   
 6,892 
   
 
   Reclassifications to earnings, net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net losses (gains) on cash flow hedging activities 
    
   
 6,390 
   
   
   
 (53,980 
 )  
   
   
 (50,527 
 )  
 
   Amortization of unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts 
    
   
 5,875 
   
   
   
 5,359 
   
   
   
 3,269 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (44,855 
 )  
   
   
 (48,569 
 )  
   
   
 (50,547 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive earnings 
    
   
 351,752 
   
   
   
 484,582 
   
   
   
 396,325 
   
 
   Total comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (18,229 
 )  
   
   
 (4,966 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total comprehensive earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 $ 
 351,752 
   
   
   
 502,811 
   
   
   
 401,291 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      53  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows    Fiscal Years Ended in December    (Thousands of Dollars)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings 
    
 $ 
 396,607 
   
   
   
 533,151 
   
   
   
 446,872 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 143,018 
   
   
   
 119,707 
   
   
   
 111,605 
   
 
   Impairment of goodwill 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 32,858 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
    
   
 28,818 
   
   
   
 34,763 
   
   
   
 43,722 
   
 
   Program production cost amortization 
    
   
 35,798 
   
   
   
 35,931 
   
   
   
 42,449 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 112,105 
   
   
   
 (662 
 )  
   
   
 (18,954 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation 
    
   
 56,032 
   
   
   
 61,624 
   
   
   
 53,880 
   
 
   Other  non-cash  items 
    
   
 (44,001 
 )  
   
   
 (16,011 
 )  
   
   
 (19,629 
 )  
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquired and disposed balances: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase in accounts receivable 
    
   
 (50,376 
 )  
   
   
 (149,923 
 )  
   
   
 (227,808 
 )  
 
   Increase in inventories 
    
   
 (25,301 
 )  
   
   
 (12,065 
 )  
   
   
 (99,353 
 )  
 
   Decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 24,450 
   
   
   
 7,422 
   
   
   
 83,124 
   
 
   Program production costs 
    
   
 (48,003 
 )  
   
   
 (48,690 
 )  
   
   
 (42,506 
 )  
 
   (Decrease) increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 (80,461 
 )  
   
   
 246,223 
   
   
   
 168,584 
   
 
   Net deemed repatriation tax (1) 
    
   
 181,305 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Other, including long-term advances 
    
   
 (5,613 
 )  
   
   
 (27,015 
 )  
   
   
 29,380 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 724,378 
   
   
   
 817,313 
   
   
   
 571,366 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Additions to property, plant and equipment 
    
   
 (134,877 
 )  
   
   
 (154,900 
 )  
   
   
 (142,022 
 )  
 
   Investments and acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (12,436 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Cash proceeds from dispositions 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 18,632 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 3,396 
   
   
   
 28,945 
   
   
   
 19,743 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash utilized by investing activities 
    
   
 (131,481 
 )  
   
   
 (138,391 
 )  
   
   
 (103,647 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net proceeds from borrowings with maturity greater than three months 
    
   
 493,878 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Repayments of borrowings with maturity greater than three months 
    
   
 (350,000 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Net (repayments of) proceeds from other short-term borrowings 
    
   
 (18,419 
 )  
   
   
 8,978 
   
   
   
 (87,310 
 )  
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (151,311 
 )  
   
   
 (150,075 
 )  
   
   
 (87,224 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
    
   
 29,431 
   
   
   
 42,207 
   
   
   
 43,322 
   
 
   Dividends paid 
    
   
 (276,973 
 )  
   
   
 (248,881 
 )  
   
   
 (225,797 
 )  
 
   Payments related to tax withholding for share-based compensation 
    
   
 (31,994 
 )  
   
   
 (21,969 
 )  
   
   
 (4,693 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (6,785 
 )  
   
   
 (5,758 
 )  
   
   
 (3,676 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash utilized by financing activities 
    
   
 (312,173 
 )  
   
   
 (375,498 
 )  
   
   
 (365,378 
 )  
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
    
   
 18,225 
   
   
   
 2,111 
   
   
   
 (18,758 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 298,949 
   
   
   
 305,535 
   
   
   
 83,583 
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 1,282,285 
   
   
   
 976,750 
   
   
   
 893,167 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 1,581,234 
   
   
   
 1,282,285 
   
   
   
 976,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest paid 
    
 $ 
 89,294 
   
   
   
 88,525 
   
   
   
 93,106 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income taxes paid 
    
 $ 
 115,753 
   
   
   
 98,913 
   
   
   
 144,137 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1)   
   See Note 22, “Subsequent Event,” for discussion on changes to tax guidance that will impact this line item  
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  
      54  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests  
 (Thousands of Dollars)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Total Shareholders’ Equity 
   
   
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
   


 
   Balance, December 28, 2014 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
   
   
   
 806,265 
   
   
   
 3,630,072 
   
   
   
 (95,454 
 )  
   
   
 (2,980,066 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,465,664 
   
   
 $ 
 42,730 
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 451,838 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 451,838 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (4,966 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (50,547 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (50,547 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 33,558 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 23,992 
   
   
   
 57,550 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (84,894 
 )  
   
   
 (84,894 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 53,807 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 73 
   
   
   
 53,880 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (229,589 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (229,589 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Net contributions received from noncontrolling owners 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 2,406 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 27, 2015 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
   
   
   
 893,630 
   
   
   
 3,852,321 
   
   
   
 (146,001 
 )  
   
   
 (3,040,895 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,663,902 
   
   
 $ 
 40,170 
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 551,380 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 551,380 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (18,229 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (48,569 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (48,569 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 30,230 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 10,479 
   
   
   
 40,709 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (151,331 
 )  
   
   
 (151,331 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 61,558 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 66 
   
   
   
 61,624 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (254,979 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (254,979 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Net contributions received from noncontrolling owners 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 763 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 25, 2016 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
   
   
   
 985,418 
   
   
   
 4,148,722 
   
   
   
 (194,570 
 )  
   
   
 (3,181,681 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,862,736 
   
   
 $ 
 22,704 
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 396,607 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 396,607 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Impact of adoption of ASU  2016-09 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 916 
   
   
   
 (697 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 219 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition of remaining interest in Backflip 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 22,704 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 22,704 
   
   
   
 (22,704 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (44,855 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (44,855 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation transactions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (13,021 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (16,001 
 )  
   
   
 (29,022 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (150,054 
 )  
   
   
 (150,054 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 54,588 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 1,444 
   
   
   
 56,032 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (284,410 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (284,410 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance, December 31, 2017 
   
 $ 
 104,847 
   
   
   
 1,050,605 
   
   
   
 4,260,222 
   
   
   
 (239,425 
 )  
   
   
 (3,346,292 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,829,957 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements  
      55  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)    (1)     Summary of
Significant Accounting Policies     Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements  
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
 Principles of Consolidation    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Hasbro, Inc. and all majority-owned subsidiaries (“Hasbro” or the “Company”). Investments representing 20% to 50% ownership
interests in other companies are accounted for using the equity method. For those majority-owned subsidiaries that are not 100% owned by Hasbro, the interests of the minority owners are accounted for as noncontrolling interests.  
   All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.  
 Fiscal Year    Hasbro’s fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in December. The fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 was a fifty-three week period while the years ended December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015 were
 fifty-two  week periods.    Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 Cash and cash equivalents include all cash balances and highly liquid investments purchased with an initial maturity to the Company of three months
or less.    Marketable Securities    Included in marketable securities are investments in private investment funds. These investments are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and, due
to the nature and business purpose of these investments, the Company has selected the fair value option which requires the Company to record the unrealized gains and losses on these investments in the consolidated statements of operations at the
time they occur. Marketable securities also include common stock in a public company arising from a business relationship. This type of investment is also included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets; however, due to its nature and business purpose, the Company records unrealized gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets until it is sold or the decline in value is deemed to be
other than temporary, at which point the gains or losses will be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.  
 Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
 Credit is granted to customers predominantly on an unsecured basis. Credit limits and payment terms are established based on extensive evaluations
made on an ongoing basis throughout the fiscal year with regard to the financial performance, cash generation, financing availability and liquidity status of each customer. The majority of customers are formally reviewed at least annually; more
frequent reviews are performed based on the customer’s financial condition and the level of credit being extended. For customers on credit who are experiencing financial difficulties, management performs additional financial analyses before
shipping orders. The Company uses a variety of financial transactions, based on availability and cost, to increase the collectability of certain of its accounts, including letters of credit, credit insurance, and requiring cash in advance of
shipping.    The Company records an allowance for doubtful accounts based on management’s assessment of the business environment,
customers’ financial condition, historical collection experience, accounts receivable aging and customer disputes.    Accounts
receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheet represents amounts due from customers less the allowance for doubtful accounts as well as allowances for discounts, rebates and returns.  
      56  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Inventories    Inventories are valued at the lower of cost  (first-in,   first-out)  or net realizable value. Based upon a consideration of quantities on hand, actual and projected sales volume, anticipated product selling price and
product lines planned to be discontinued, slow-moving and obsolete inventory is written down to its estimated net realizable value. At both December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, substantially all inventory is comprised of finished
goods.    Equity Method Investment    For the Company’s equity method investments, only the Company’s investment in and amounts due to and from the equity method investment are included in the consolidated balance sheets and only the
Company’s share of the equity method investment’s earnings (losses) is included in other expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. Dividends, cash distributions, loans or other cash received from the equity method
investment, additional cash investments, loan repayments or other cash paid to the investee are included in the consolidated statements of cash flows.    The Company reviews its equity method investments for impairment on a periodic basis. If it has been determined that the fair value of the equity investment is less than its related carrying value and that this
decline is other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the investment is adjusted downward to reflect these declines in value. The Company has one significant equity method investment, its 40% interest in a joint venture with Discovery
Communications, Inc. (“Discovery”).    The Company and Discovery are party to an option agreement with respect to this joint
venture. The Company has recorded a liability for this option agreement at fair value which is included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains and losses on this option are recognized in the consolidated statements
of operations as they occur.    See notes 5 and 12 for additional information.  
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests    Redeemable noncontrolling interests are those noncontrolling interests which are or may become redeemable at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date, at the option of the holder, or upon
occurrence of an event. The financial results and position of the redeemable noncontrolling interest are included in their entirety in the Company’s consolidated statements of operations and consolidated balance sheets. The value of the
redeemable noncontrolling interests is presented in the consolidated balance sheets as temporary equity between liabilities and shareholders’ equity. Earnings (losses) attributable to the noncontrolling interest are presented as a separate line
on the consolidated statements of operations which is necessary to identify those earnings specifically attributable to Hasbro.    Through
2016, the Company had one investment with a redeemable noncontrolling interest which was the Company’s 70% majority interest in Backflip Studios, LLC (“Backflip”). During the first quarter of 2017, the remaining 30% of Backflip was
acquired by Hasbro for no additional consideration, making it a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.    Property, Plant
and Equipment, Net    Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed
using accelerated and straight-line methods to depreciate the cost of property, plant and equipment over their estimated useful lives. The principal lives, in years, used in determining depreciation rates of various assets are: land improvements 15
to 19, buildings and improvements 15 to 25 and machinery and equipment (including computer hardware and software) 3 to 12. Depreciation expense is classified in the consolidated statements of operations based on the nature of the property and
equipment being depreciated. Tools, dies and molds are depreciated over a three-year period or their useful lives, whichever is less, using an accelerated method. The Company generally owns all tools, dies and molds related to its products.
   Property, plant and equipment, net is reviewed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be
recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the  
      57  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        asset to future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized would be measured by the amount by which
the carrying value of the assets exceeds their fair value wherein the fair value is the appraised value. Furthermore, assets to be disposed of are carried at the lower of the net book value or their estimated fair value less disposal costs.
   Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net  
 Goodwill results from acquisitions the Company has made over time. Substantially all of the other intangibles consist of the cost of acquired
product rights. In establishing the value of such rights, the Company considers existing trademarks, copyrights, patents, license agreements and other product-related rights. These rights were valued on their acquisition date based on the
anticipated future cash flows from the underlying product line. The Company has certain intangible assets related to the Tonka and Milton Bradley acquisitions that have an indefinite life.  
 Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized and are tested for impairment at least annually. The annual test
begins with a qualitative assessment, where qualitative factors and their impact on critical inputs are assessed to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the Company
determines that a reporting unit has an indication of impairment based on the qualitative assessment, it is required to perform a quantitative assessment. This quantitative  two-step  process begins with an
estimation of fair value of the reporting unit using an income approach, which looks to the present value of expected future cash flows. The first step is a screen for potential impairment while the second step measures the amount of impairment if
there is an indication from the first step that one exists. When performing the quantitative  two-step  impairment test, goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment by
comparing their carrying value to their estimated fair value, also calculated using the present value of expected future cash flows.  
 During the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company performed a qualitative assessment with respect to goodwill associated with all but two of its
reporting units and determined that it was not necessary to perform a quantitative assessment for the goodwill of these reporting units. The Company performed the first step of the quantitative  two-step  annual
impairment test on the goodwill associated with Backflip, the Company’s mobile gaming reporting unit, and goodwill associated with the Company’s Entertainment reporting unit in the fourth quarter of 2017 and no impairments were indicated
as the estimated fair values were in excess of the carrying value of the related reporting units.    During the fourth quarter of 2016, the
Company performed a qualitative assessment with respect to goodwill associated with all but its Backflip reporting unit and determined that it was not necessary to perform a quantitative assessment for the goodwill of these reporting units. The
Company performed a quantitative  two-step  annual impairment test related to its goodwill associated with Backflip. As a result of the 2016 annual impairment test, the Company concluded the goodwill associated
with the Backflip reporting unit was impaired and recorded a  non-cash  impairment charge of $32,858 for the year ended December 25, 2016. No other impairments were indicated. See further discussion in
note 4.    The remaining intangibles having defined lives are being amortized over periods ranging from four to twenty years,
primarily using the straight-line method.    The Company reviews other intangibles with defined lives for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If
such assets were considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized would be measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds their fair value wherein that fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows.
   Financial Instruments    Hasbro’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, short-term borrowings, accounts payable and certain accrued liabilities. At December 31, 2017, the carrying cost of
these instruments approximated their fair value. The Company’s financial instruments at December 31, 2017 also include long-term  
      58  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        borrowings (see note 9 for carrying cost and related fair values) as well as certain assets and liabilities measured at fair value (see notes 12 and 16).  
 Revenue Recognition    Revenue from product sales is recognized upon the passing of title to the customer, generally at the time of shipment. Provisions for discounts, rebates and returns are made when the related revenues are
recognized. The Company bases its estimates for discounts, rebates and returns on agreed customer terms and historical experience.    The
Company enters into arrangements licensing its brands on specifically approved products or formats. The licensees pay the Company royalties based on their revenues derived from the brands, in some cases subject to minimum guaranteed amounts. Royalty
revenues are recognized as they are reported as earned and payment becomes assured, over the life of the license agreement.    The Company
produces television programming for license to third parties. Revenues from the distribution of television and other programming are recorded when the use of the content may be directed by the distributor and when certain other conditions are met.
   Revenue from product sales less related provisions for discounts, rebates and returns, as well as royalty, television programming and
digital gaming revenues comprise net revenues in the consolidated statements of operations.    In May 2014, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (“FASB”), in cooperation with the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)  No. 2014-09,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (ASC 606). This ASU supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification 605 – Revenue Recognition and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Codification. This new guidance
provides a five-step model for analyzing contracts and transactions to determine when, how, and if revenue is recognized. Revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. For public companies, this standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and for interim periods within those fiscal
years. ASU  2014-09  may be adopted on a full retrospective basis and applied to all prior periods presented, or on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative adjustment recorded to opening retained
earnings in the year of initial application. The Company adopted ASU  2014-09  on January 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective basis. Revenue recognition from the sale of finished product to our
customers, which is the majority of our revenues, is not expected to change under the new standard in the periods following adoption. Within our Entertainment and Licensing segment, the timing of revenue recognition for minimum guarantees that we
receive from licensees will change under the new standard. While the impact of this change will not be material to the year, it will impact the timing of revenue recognition within our Entertainment and Licensing segment such that under the new
standard, we will record less revenues in our fourth quarter and more revenues within our first, second, and third quarters. No other areas of our business will be materially impacted by the new standard.  
 Costs of Sales    Cost of sales primarily consists of purchased materials, labor, tooling, manufacturing overheads and other inventory-related costs such as obsolescence.  
 Royalties    The Company enters into license agreements with strategic partners, inventors, designers and others for the use of intellectual properties in its products. These agreements may call for payment in advance or future
payment of minimum guaranteed amounts. Amounts paid in advance are recorded as an asset and charged to expense when the related revenue is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. If all or a portion of the minimum guaranteed amounts
appear not to be recoverable through future use of the rights obtained under the license, the  non-recoverable  portion of the guaranty is charged to expense at that time.  
      59  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Advertising    Production costs of commercials are expensed in the fiscal
year during which the production is first aired. The costs of other advertising and promotion programs are expensed in the fiscal year incurred.    Program Production Costs    The Company incurs costs in connection with the
production of television programming and motion pictures. These costs are capitalized by the Company as they are incurred and amortized using the individual-film-forecast method, whereby these costs are amortized in the proportion that the current
year’s revenues bear to management’s estimate of total ultimate revenues as of the beginning of such period related to the program. These capitalized costs are reported at the lower of cost, less accumulated amortization, or fair value,
and reviewed for impairment when an event or change in circumstances occurs that indicates that impairment may exist. The fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow model which is primarily based on management’s future revenue and
cost estimates.    Shipping and Handling  
 Hasbro expenses costs related to the shipment and handling of goods to customers as incurred. For 2017, 2016 and 2015, these costs were $190,999,
$180,270 and $159,854, respectively, and are included in selling, distribution and administration expenses.    Operating
Leases    Hasbro records lease expense on a straight-line basis inclusive of rent concessions and increases. Reimbursements
from lessors for leasehold improvements are deferred and recognized as a reduction to lease expense over the remaining lease term.  
 Income Taxes    Hasbro uses the asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting of income taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets
and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Deferred taxes are measured using rates expected to apply to taxable income in years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. The
effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. See Note 10 for further discussion on the Company’s accounting for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted
in December 2017.    We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe that these assets are more likely than not to be
realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income,
 tax-planning  strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an
adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes.    The Company uses a  two-step  process for the measurement of uncertain tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in a tax return. The first step is a determination of whether the tax position should be recognized in
the consolidated financial statements. The second step determines the measurement of the tax position. The Company records potential interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense.  
 Foreign Currency Translation    Foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at  period-end  exchange rates, and revenues, costs and expenses are translated at weighted average
exchange rates during each reporting period. Net earnings include gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions and, when required, translation gains and losses resulting from the use of the U.S. dollar as the functional currency in
highly inflationary economies. Other gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements are a component of other comprehensive earnings (loss).  
      60  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Pension Plans, Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits    Pension expense
and related amounts in the consolidated balance sheets are based on actuarial computations of current and future benefits. Actual results that differ from the actuarial assumptions are accumulated and, if outside a certain corridor, amortized over
future periods and, therefore affect recognized expense in future periods. The corridor used for this purpose is equal to 10% of the greater of plan liabilities or market asset values, and future periods vary by plan, but generally equal the
actuarially determined average expected future working lifetime of active plan participants. The Company’s policy is to fund amounts which are required by applicable regulations and which are tax deductible. The estimated amounts of future
payments to be made under other retirement programs are being accrued currently over the period of active employment and are also included in pension expense. Hasbro has a contributory postretirement health and life insurance plan covering
substantially all employees who retire under any of its United States defined benefit pension plans and meet certain age and length of service requirements. The cost of providing these benefits on behalf of employees who retired prior to 1993 is and
will continue to be substantially borne by the Company. The cost of providing benefits on behalf of substantially all employees who retire after 1992 is borne by the employee. It also has several plans covering certain groups of employees, which may
provide benefits to such employees following their period of employment but prior to their retirement. The Company measures the costs of these obligations based on actuarial computations.  
 Stock-Based Compensation    The Company has a stock-based employee compensation plan for employees and  non-employee  members of the Company’s Board of Directors. Under this plan the Company may
grant stock options at or above the fair market value of the Company’s stock, as well as restricted stock, restricted stock units and contingent stock performance awards. All awards are measured at fair value at the date of the grant and
amortized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. For awards contingent upon Company performance, the measurement of the expense for these awards is based on the Company’s current estimate of its
performance over the performance period. For awards contingent upon the achievement of market conditions, the probability of satisfying the market condition is considered in the estimation of the grant date fair value. See note 13 for further
discussion.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting, which amends ASC Topic 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation. The ASU includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements
including (1) a requirement to prospectively record all of the tax effects related to share-based payments at settlement (or expiration) through the income statement; (2) a requirement that all
 tax-related  cash flows resulting from share-based payments be reported as operating activities on the statement of cash flows; (3) the removal of the requirement to withhold shares upon settlement of an
award at the minimum statutory withholding requirement; (4) a requirement that all cash payments made to taxing authorities on the employees’ behalf for withheld shares shall be presented as financing activities in the statements of cash
flows; and (5) entities will be permitted to make an accounting policy election for the impact of forfeitures on the recognition of expense for share-based payment awards choosing either to estimate forfeitures as required today or recognize
forfeitures as they occur. ASU  2016-09  was effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within that reporting period. The Company
adopted ASU  2016-09  in the first quarter of 2017. The impact of the adoption resulted in the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Prospectively, the requirement to record all of the tax effects related to share-based payments at settlement through the income statement. For the year ended
December 31, 2017, excess tax benefits of $32,116 were recorded to income tax expense.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A requirement that all  tax-related  cash flows resulting from share-based payments be reported as operating activities,
included with other income tax cash flows on the statement of cash flows. Previously, these amounts were reported as a cash inflow from financing activities. The Company elected to apply this requirement of the standard retrospectively. Accordingly,
the cash flow statement for the years ended December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015 have been restated to include $20,471 and $14,228, respectively, of cash flows from excess tax benefits, previously included as financing activities, in
operating activities within the increase in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities. For the year ended December 31, 2017 excess tax benefits of $32,116 were reported as operating activities.  
      61  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)      
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   A requirement that all cash payments made to taxing authorities on the employees’ behalf for withheld shares shall be presented as financing activities in
the statements of cash flows. Prior to adoption of ASU  2016-09,  these cash flows were included as operating activities. This change was required to be applied on a retrospective basis and as a result, the
Company has restated the consolidated statement of cash flows for the years ended December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015. This change resulted in payments of $21,969 and $4,693 for the years ended December 25, 2016 and
December 27, 2015, respectively, being included in financing activities. For the year ended December 31, 2017, such payments amounted to $31,994.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Entities are permitted to make an accounting policy election for the impact of forfeitures on the recognition of expense for share-based payment awards choosing
either to estimate forfeitures as previously required or recognize forfeitures as they occur. The Company elected to change its method of accounting for forfeitures from estimating the number of stock-based awards expected to vest, to accounting for
forfeitures as they occur which resulted in a  one-time  charge, net of tax, of $700 to retained earnings recorded during the first quarter of 2017. Based upon the Company’s history of forfeitures, it is
not expected that this election will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements going forward however, as any impact will be based on future forfeitures, the actual impact could differ from the Company’s expectation.
   Risk Management Contracts  
 Hasbro uses foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected future foreign
currency transactions. These  over-the-counter  contracts, which hedge future purchases of inventory and other cross-border currency requirements not denominated in the
functional currency of the business unit, are primarily denominated in United States and Hong Kong dollars as well as Euros. All contracts are entered into with a number of counterparties, all of which are major financial institutions. The Company
believes that a default by a counterparty would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. Hasbro does not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.  
 At the inception of the contracts, Hasbro designates its derivatives as either cash flow or fair value hedges. The Company formally documents all
relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items as well as its risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking various hedge transactions. All hedges designated as cash flow hedges are linked to forecasted transactions and the
Company assesses, both at the inception of the hedge and on an  on-going  basis, the effectiveness of the derivatives used in hedging transactions in offsetting changes in the cash flows of the forecasted
transaction. The ineffective portion of a hedging derivative, if any, is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations.    The
Company records all derivatives, such as foreign currency exchange contracts, on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Changes in the derivative fair values that are designated as cash flow hedges and are effective are deferred and recorded
as a component of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (“AOCE”) until the hedged transactions occur and are then recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company’s foreign currency contracts hedging anticipated
cash flows are designated as cash flow hedges. When it is determined that a derivative is not highly effective as a hedge, the Company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. Any gain or loss deferred through that date remains in AOCE until the
forecasted transaction occurs, at which time it is reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations. To the extent the transaction is no longer deemed probable of occurring, hedge accounting treatment is discontinued and amounts deferred
would be reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations. In the event hedge accounting requirements are not met, gains and losses on such instruments are included in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company uses derivatives
to economically hedge intercompany loans denominated in foreign currencies. The Company does not use hedge accounting for these contracts as changes in the fair value of these contracts are substantially offset by changes in the fair value of the
intercompany loans.    Prior to the issuance of certain long-term notes due 2021 and 2044, the Company entered into a forward-starting
interest rate swap contract to hedge the anticipated U.S. Treasury interest rates on the anticipated debt issuance. These instruments, which were designated and effective as hedges, were terminated on the date of the related debt issuance and the
then fair value of these instruments was recorded to AOCE and amortized through the consolidated statements of operations using an effective interest rate method over the life of the related debt.  
      62  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Net Earnings Per Common Share    Basic net earnings per share is computed by
dividing net earnings by the weighted average number of shares outstanding for the year as well as awards that have not been issued but all contingencies have been met. Diluted net earnings per share is similar except that the weighted average
number of shares outstanding is increased by dilutive securities, and net earnings are adjusted, if necessary, for certain amounts related to dilutive securities. Dilutive securities include shares issuable upon exercise of stock options for which
the market price exceeds the exercise price, less shares which could have been purchased by the Company with the related proceeds. Dilutive securities also include shares issuable under restricted stock unit award agreements. Options and restricted
stock unit awards totaling 499 and 277 for 2017 and 2016, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because to include them would have been antidilutive. There were no antidilutive stock options or restricted
stock unit awards to exclude from the diluted earnings per share calculation in 2015.    A reconciliation of net earnings and average
number of shares for each of the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
   
   
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   
    
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   
    
 Basic 
   
    
 Diluted 
   


 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
   
 $ 
 396,607 
   
    
   
 396,607 
   
    
   
 551,380 
   
    
   
 551,380 
   
    
   
 451,838 
   
    
   
 451,838 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Average shares outstanding 
   
   
 125,039 
   
    
   
 125,039 
   
    
   
 125,292 
   
    
   
 125,292 
   
    
   
 125,006 
   
    
   
 125,006 
   
 
   Effect of dilutive securities: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Options and other share-based awards 
   
   
 — 
   
    
   
 1,992 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 1,674 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 1,682 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Equivalent shares 
   
   
 125,039 
   
    
   
 127,031 
   
    
   
 125,292 
   
    
   
 126,966 
   
    
   
 125,006 
   
    
   
 126,688 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. per share 
   
 $ 
 3.17 
   
    
   
 3.12 
   
    
   
 4.40 
   
    
   
 4.34 
   
    
   
 3.61 
   
    
   
 3.57 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   (2)     Other Comprehensive Earnings (Loss)   
 Components of other comprehensive earnings (loss) are presented within the consolidated statements of comprehensive earnings. The following table
presents the related tax effects on changes in other comprehensive earnings (loss) for each of the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2017.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Other comprehensive earnings (loss), tax effect: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized holding gains 
    
 $ 
 221 
   
    
   
 (94 
 )  
    
   
 364 
   
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on cash flow hedging activities 
    
   
 4,850 
   
    
   
 1,340 
   
    
   
 (11,190 
 )  
 
   Tax (expense) benefit on unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts 
    
   
 (2,363 
 )  
    
   
 12,945 
   
    
   
 (928 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications to earnings, tax effect: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Tax (benefit) expense on cash flow hedging activities 
    
   
 (4,881 
 )  
    
   
 4,098 
   
    
   
 5,435 
   
 
   Tax (benefit) on amortization of unrecognized pension and postretirement amounts 
    
   
 (3,482 
 )  
    
   
 (3,038 
 )  
    
   
 (1,861 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total tax effect on other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (5,655 
 )  
    
   
 15,251 
   
    
   
 (8,180 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      63  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss), net of tax are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Pension and Postretirement Amounts 
   
   
 Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments 
   
   
 Unrealized Holding Gains 
on Available for-Sale Securities 
   
   
 Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments 
   
   
 Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) 
   


 
   2017 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 25, 2016 
   
 $ 
 (118,401 
 )  
   
   
 51,085 
   
   
   
 1,424 
   
   
   
 (128,678 
 )  
   
   
 (194,570 
 )  
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
   
   
 1,555 
   
   
   
 (90,302 
 )  
   
   
 (390 
 )  
   
   
 32,017 
   
   
   
 (57,120 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
   
   
 5,875 
   
   
   
 6,390 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 12,265 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
 $ 
 (110,971 
 )  
   
   
 (32,827 
 )  
   
   
 1,034 
   
   
   
 (96,661 
 )  
   
   
 (239,425 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2016 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 27, 2015 
   
 $ 
 (102,931 
 )  
   
   
 79,317 
   
   
   
 1,258 
   
   
   
 (123,645 
 )  
   
   
 (146,001 
 )  
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
   
   
 (20,829 
 )  
   
   
 25,748 
   
   
   
 166 
   
   
   
 (5,033 
 )  
   
   
 52 
   
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
   
   
 5,359 
   
   
   
 (53,980 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (48,621 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 25, 2016 
   
 $ 
 (118,401 
 )  
   
   
 51,085 
   
   
   
 1,424 
   
   
   
 (128,678 
 )  
   
   
 (194,570 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2015 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 28, 2014 
   
 $ 
 (113,092 
 )  
   
   
 43,689 
   
   
   
 1,900 
   
   
   
 (27,951 
 )  
   
   
 (95,454 
 )  
 
   Current period other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
   
   
 6,892 
   
   
   
 86,155 
   
   
   
 (642 
 )  
   
   
 (95,694 
 )  
   
   
 (3,289 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications from AOCE to earnings 
   
   
 3,269 
   
   
   
 (50,527 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (47,258 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 27, 2015 
   
 $ 
 (102,931 
 )  
   
   
 79,317 
   
   
   
 1,258 
   
   
   
 (123,645 
 )  
   
   
 (146,001 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments  
 At December 31, 2017, the Company had remaining net deferred losses on foreign currency forward contracts, net of tax, of $15,781 in AOCE.
These instruments hedge payments related to inventory purchased in the fourth quarter of 2017 or forecasted to be purchased from 2018 through 2022, intercompany expenses expected to be paid or received during 2018, 2019 and 2020 and cash receipts
for sales forecasted to be made in 2018. These amounts will be reclassified into the consolidated statements of operations upon the sale of the related inventory or recognition of the related sales, royalties or expenses.  
 In addition to foreign currency forward contracts, the Company entered into hedging contracts on future interest payments related to the long-term
notes due 2021 and 2044. At the date of debt issuance, these contracts were terminated and the fair value on the date of settlement was deferred in AOCE and is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the related notes using the
effective interest rate method. At December 31, 2017, deferred losses, net of tax, of $17,046 related to these instruments remained in AOCE. For the year ended December 31, 2017, losses, net of tax of $1,170 related to these hedging
instruments were reclassified from AOCE to net earnings. For each of the years ended December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, losses, net of tax of $1,148 related to these hedging instruments were reclassified from AOCE to net
earnings.   In 2017, 2016 and 2015, net gains on cash flow hedging activities reclassified to earnings, net of tax, included (losses) gains
of $(5,497), $1,428 and $1,111, respectively, as a result of hedge ineffectiveness.    Of the net deferred losses included in AOCE at
December 31, 2017, the Company expects approximately $12,096 to be reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations within the next 12 months. However, the amount ultimately realized in earnings is dependent on the fair value of the
hedging instruments on the settlement dates.  
      64  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        See notes 14 and 16 for additional discussion on reclassifications from AOCE to earnings.  
 (3)     Property, Plant and Equipment   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Land and improvements 
    
 $ 
 3,350 
   
    
   
 3,096 
   
 
   Buildings and improvements 
    
   
 193,940 
   
    
   
 175,684 
   
 
   Machinery, equipment and software 
    
   
 405,209 
   
    
   
 390,720 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 602,499 
   
    
   
 569,500 
   
 
   Less accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 422,052 
   
    
   
 383,713 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 180,447 
   
    
   
 185,787 
   
 
   Tools, dies and molds, net of accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 79,263 
   
    
   
 81,611 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total property, plant and equipment, net 
    
 $ 
 259,710 
   
    
   
 267,398 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Expenditures for maintenance and repairs which do not materially extend the life of the assets are charged to
operations as incurred. In 2017, 2016 and 2015 the Company recorded $143,018, $119,707 and $111,605, respectively, of depreciation expense.  
 (4)     Goodwill and Intangibles     Goodwill    Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, by operating segment, for
the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 U.S. and Canada 
   
    
 International 
   
    
 Entertainment and Licensing 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   2017 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 25, 2016 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
   
    
   
 169,833 
   
    
   
 103,744 
   
    
   
 570,555 
   
 
   Foreign exchange translation 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 866 
   
    
   
 1,642 
   
    
   
 2,508 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
   
    
   
 170,699 
   
    
   
 105,386 
   
    
   
 573,063 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2016 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 27, 2015 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
   
    
   
 170,110 
   
    
   
 125,607 
   
    
   
 592,695 
   
 
   Acquired during the period 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 11,821 
   
    
   
 11,821 
   
 
   Impairment during the period 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (32,858 
 )  
    
   
 (32,858 
 )  
 
   Foreign exchange translation 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (277 
 )  
    
   
 (826 
 )  
    
   
 (1,103 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 25, 2016 
    
 $ 
 296,978 
   
    
   
 169,833 
   
    
   
 103,744 
   
    
   
 570,555 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A portion of the Company’s goodwill and other intangible assets reside in the Corporate segment of the
business. For purposes of the goodwill impairment testing, these assets are allocated to the reporting units within the Company’s operating segments.    The Company performs an annual impairment assessment on goodwill. This annual impairment assessment is performed in the fourth quarter of the Company’s fiscal year. In addition, if an event occurs or
circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, the Company will perform an interim impairment test at that time. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, no such events occurred. During its annual
impairment tests of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2017, the Company concluded that there was no impairment of its goodwill during the year.    During the fourth quarter of 2016 in conjunction with the Company’s annual review for impairment the Company completed step one of the annual goodwill impairment test for the Backflip reporting unit. Prior to
the  
      65  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        fourth quarter of 2016, there were no triggering events that would have required the Company to test for impairment. The Company’s 2016 evaluation of the Backflip reporting unit was dependent in large part on
the performance of launches that took place during the fourth quarter. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2016, the Company revised its expectations regarding the timing of future launches. The first step of the goodwill impairment analysis
involved comparing the Backflip carrying value to its estimated fair value, which was calculated based on the Income Approach. Discounted cash flows serve as the primary basis for the Income Approach. The Company utilized forecasted cash flows for
the Backflip reporting unit that included assumptions including but not limited to: expected revenues to be realized based on planned future mobile game releases, expected EBITDA margins derived in part based on expected future royalty costs,
advertising and marketing costs, development costs, and overhead costs, and expected future tax rates. The cash flows beyond the forecast period were estimated using a terminal value growth rate of 3%. To calculate the fair value of the future cash
flows under the Income Approach, a discount rate of 14% was utilized, representing the reporting unit’s estimated weighted-average cost of capital. Based on the results of the step one impairment test the Company determined that the fair value
of the Backflip reporting unit was below its carrying value, and therefore, impairment was indicated. Because indicators of impairment existed, the Company commenced the second step of the goodwill impairment analysis to determine the implied fair
value of goodwill for the Backflip reporting unit, which was determined in the same manner utilized to estimate the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination.    As part of the second step of the 2016 goodwill impairment analysis, the Company assigned the fair value of the Backflip reporting unit, as calculated under the first step of the goodwill impairment analysis, to
all the assets and liabilities, including identifiable intangibles assets, of that reporting unit. The implied fair value of goodwill was measured as the excess of the fair value of the Backflip reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets
and liabilities. Based on this assessment, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $32,858 in the fourth quarter of 2016.    During
2016 the Company completed a qualitative assessment of goodwill for all reporting units with the exception of Backflip, and concluded there was no other impairment of goodwill.    The Company also completed its annual impairment tests of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2015 and concluded that there was no impairment of its goodwill.    Other Intangibles, Net    A summary of the Company’s other intangibles, net at
December 31, 2017 and December 26, 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Acquired product rights 
    
 $ 
 789,940 
   
    
   
 789,689 
   
 
   Licensed rights of entertainment properties 
    
   
 256,555 
   
    
   
 256,555 
   
 
   Accumulated amortization 
    
   
 (904,851 
 )  
    
   
 (876,033 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Amortizable intangible assets 
    
   
 141,644 
   
    
   
 170,211 
   
 
   Product rights with indefinite lives 
    
   
 75,738 
   
    
   
 75,738 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total other intangibles, net 
    
 $ 
 217,382 
   
    
   
 245,949 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Certain intangible assets relating to rights obtained in the Company’s acquisition of Milton Bradley in 1984
and Tonka in 1991 are not amortized. These rights were determined to have indefinite lives and are included as product rights with indefinite lives in the table above. The Company tests these assets for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth
quarter of each year or when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company completed its annual impairment tests of indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter of 2017,
2016, and 2015 concluding that there was no impairment of these assets. The Company’s other intangible assets are amortized over their remaining useful lives, and accumulated amortization of these other intangibles is reflected in other
intangibles, net in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.    Intangible assets, other than those with indefinite lives, are
reviewed for indications of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company will continue to incur amortization expense related to the use of acquired and licensed rights to
produce various products. A portion of the amortization of these product rights will fluctuate depending on brand activation, related revenues  
      66  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        during an annual period and future expectations, as well as rights reaching the end of their useful lives. The Company currently estimates amortization expense related to the above intangible assets for the next
five years to be approximately:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2018 
    
   
 17,000 
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 36,000 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 40,000 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 18,000 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 17,000 
   
   (5)     Equity Method Investment   
 The Company owns an interest in a joint venture, Discovery Family Channel (the “Network”), with Discovery Communications, Inc.
(“Discovery”). The Company has determined that it does not meet the control requirements to consolidate the Network and accounts for the investment using the equity method of accounting. The Network was established to create a cable
television network in the United States dedicated to high-quality children’s and family entertainment. In October 2009, the Company purchased an initial 50% share in the Network for a payment of $300,000 and certain future tax payments based on
the value of certain tax benefits expected to be received by the Company. On September 23, 2014, the Company and Discovery amended their relationship with respect to the Network and Discovery increased its equity interest in the Network to 60%
while the Company retained a 40% equity interest in the Network.    In connection with the amendment, the Company and Discovery entered
into an option agreement related to the Company’s remaining 40% ownership in the Network, exercisable during the  one-year  period following December 31, 2021. The exercise price of the option
agreement is based upon 80% of the then fair market value of the Network, subject to a fair market value floor. At December 31, 2017, and December 25, 2016, the fair market value of this option was $23,980 and $28,770, respectively and was
included as a component of other liabilities. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded (gains) losses of $(4,790), $410 and $3,020 in other (income) expense, net relating to the change in fair value of this option.  
 The Company also has a related liability due to Discovery under the existing tax sharing agreement. The balance of the associated liability,
including imputed interest, was $30,043 and $52,473 at December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, respectively, and is included as a component of other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized a
gain of $19,911 in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to a reduction of this liability due to the reduction of the future payments under the agreement as a result of U.S. tax reform passed in December 2017. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company
made payments under the tax sharing agreement to Discovery of $6,785, $6,520 and $4,971, respectively.    The Company has a license
agreement with the Network that requires the payment of royalties by the Company to the Network based on a percentage of revenue derived from products related to television shows broadcast by the joint venture. The license includes a minimum royalty
guarantee of $125,000, which was paid in five annual installments of $25,000 per year, commencing in 2009, which can be earned out over approximately a  10-year  period. As of December 31, 2017 and
December 25, 2016, the Company had $55,072 and $66,017, respectively, of prepaid royalties related to this agreement, $15,958 and $7,203, respectively, of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $39,114 and $58,814,
respectively, of which are included in other assets. The Company and the Network are also parties to an agreement under which the Company will provide the Network with an exclusive first look in the U.S. to license certain types of programming
developed by the Company based on its intellectual property. In the event the Network licenses the programming from the Company to air, it is required to pay the Company a license fee.  
 As of December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 the Company’s investment in the Network totaled $237,996 and $242,397, respectively.
The Company’s share in the earnings of the Network for the years ended December 31, 2017, December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015 totaled $23,270, $23,764 and $19,045, respectively and is included as a component of other (income)
expense, net in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company also enters into certain other transactions with the Network including the licensing of television programming and the purchase of advertising. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, these
transactions were not material.  
      67  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        (6)     Program Production Costs     Program production
costs are included in other assets and consist of the following at December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Television programming 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Released, less amortization 
    
 $ 
 40,386 
   
    
   
 35,683 
   
 
   In production 
    
   
 31,596 
   
    
   
 25,062 
   
 
   Pre-production 
    
   
 326 
   
    
   
 1,833 
   
 
   Theatrical programming 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   In production 
    
   
 20,553 
   
    
   
 20,271 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total program production costs 
    
 $ 
 92,861 
   
    
   
 82,849 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Based on management’s total revenue estimates at December 31, 2017, all of the unamortized television
programming costs relating to released productions are expected to be amortized during the next four years. Based on current estimates, the Company expects to amortize approximately $35,000 of the $40,386 of released programs during fiscal 2018.
   (7)     Financing Arrangements      At December 31, 2017, Hasbro had available an unsecured committed line and unsecured uncommitted lines of credit from various banks approximating $1,000,000 and $146,000, respectively. Substantially all of the
short-term borrowings outstanding at the end of 2017 and 2016, such as the commercial paper program, represent borrowings made under, or supported by, these lines of credit. Borrowings under the lines of credit were made by certain international
affiliates of the Company on terms and at interest rates generally extended to companies of comparable creditworthiness in those markets. The weighted average interest rates of the outstanding borrowings under the uncommitted lines of credit as of
December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 were 4.32% and 8.17%, respectively. The Company had no borrowings outstanding under its committed line of credit at December 31, 2017. During 2017, Hasbro’s working capital needs were
fulfilled by cash generated from operations, borrowings under lines of credit and utilization of its commercial paper program discussed below.    The unsecured committed line of credit, as amended on March 30, 2015 (the “Agreement”), provides the Company with a $1,000,000 committed borrowing facility through March 30, 2020. During the
third quarter of 2017 and pursuant to the Agreement, the Company proposed and the Lenders agreed to increase the committed borrowing facility from $700,000 to $1,000,000. The Agreement contains certain financial covenants setting forth leverage and
coverage requirements, and certain other limitations typical of an investment grade facility, including with respect to liens, mergers and incurrence of indebtedness. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of and for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2017.    The Company pays a commitment fee (0.12% as of December 31, 2017) based on the unused portion of the
facility and interest equal to a Base Rate or Eurocurrency Rate plus a spread on borrowings under the facility. The Base Rate is determined based on either the Federal Funds Rate plus a spread, Prime Rate or Eurocurrency Rate plus a spread. The
commitment fee and the amount of the spread to the Base Rate or Eurocurrency Rate both vary based on the Company’s long-term debt ratings and the Company’s leverage. At December 31, 2017, the interest rate under the facility was equal
to Eurocurrency Rate plus 1.125%.    The Company has an agreement with a group of banks providing a commercial paper program (the
“Program”). Under the Program, at the Company’s request the banks may either purchase from the Company, or arrange for the sale by the Company of, unsecured commercial paper notes. Borrowings under the Program are supported by the
aforementioned unsecured committed line of credit and the Company may issue notes from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of $1,000,000 which was increased from $700,000 in December 2017. The maturities of
the notes may vary but may not exceed 397 days. Subject to market conditions, the notes will be sold under customary terms in the commercial paper market and will be issued at a discount to par, or alternatively, will be sold at par and will bear
varying interest rates based on a fixed or  
      68  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        floating rate basis. The interest rates will vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by the credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. At December 31, 2017, the Company had
notes outstanding under the Program of $137,500 with a weighted average interest rate of 1.85%. At December 25, 2016, the Company had notes outstanding under the Program of $163,300 with a weighted average interest rate of 0.97%.  
 (8)     Accrued Liabilities     Components of accrued liabilities for the fiscal years ended on December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
 
   Royalties 
    
 $ 
 148,858 
   
    
   
 158,353 
   
 
   Advertising 
    
   
 75,483 
   
    
   
 73,963 
   
 
   Payroll and management incentives 
    
   
 79,976 
   
    
   
 100,248 
   
 
   Dividends 
    
   
 70,936 
   
    
   
 63,501 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 373,011 
   
    
   
 379,974 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 748,264 
   
    
   
 776,039 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   (9)     Long-Term Debt   
 Components of long-term debt for the fiscal years ended on December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Carrying Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   6.35% Notes Due 2040 
    
 $ 
 500,000 
   
    
   
 601,800 
   
    
   
 500,000 
   
    
   
 584,850 
   
 
   3.50% Notes Due 2027 
    
   
 500,000 
   
    
   
 488,300 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   6.30% Notes Due 2017 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 350,000 
   
    
   
 361,900 
   
 
   5.10% Notes Due 2044 
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 313,320 
   
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 297,600 
   
 
   3.15% Notes Due 2021 
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 302,640 
   
    
   
 300,000 
   
    
   
 300,450 
   
 
   6.60% Debentures Due 2028 
    
   
 109,895 
   
    
   
 131,390 
   
    
   
 109,895 
   
    
   
 123,984 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term debt 
    
   
 1,709,895 
   
    
   
 1,837,450 
   
    
   
 1,559,895 
   
    
   
 1,668,784 
   
 
   Less: Current portion 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 350,000 
   
    
   
 361,900 
   
 
   Less: Deferred debt expenses 
    
   
 16,286 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 11,216 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 1,693,609 
   
    
   
 1,837,450 
   
    
   
 1,198,679 
   
    
   
 1,306,884 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In September 2017, the Company issued $500,000 of Notes due in 2027 that bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.50% (the
“3.50% Notes”). Net proceeds from the issuance of the 3.50% Notes, after deduction of $6,122 of underwriting discount and debt issuance expenses, totaled $493,878. These costs are being amortized over the life of the 3.50% Notes, or 10
years. The Company may redeem the 3.50% Notes at its option at the greater of the principal amount of the Notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments discounted using the effective interest rate on applicable U.S. Treasury bills
at the time of repurchase, plus 25 basis points. In addition, three months prior to their maturity date, the Company may redeem at its option the 3.50% Notes, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to 100% of
the principal amount of the 3.50% Notes to be redeemed.    The proceeds from this debt issuance were used to repay the $350,000 aggregate
principal amount of its 6.30% Notes that matured during the third quarter of 2017. The Company used the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes.    The Company may redeem the Notes due in 2021 and 2044 at its option at the greater of the principal amount of the Notes or the present value of the remaining scheduled payments discounted using the effective
interest rate  
      69  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        on applicable U.S. Treasury bills at the time of repurchase. Prior to the issuance of these Notes, the Company held forward-starting interest rate swap contracts to hedge the variability in the anticipated
underlying U.S. Treasury interest rate associated with the expected issuance of the Notes. At the date of issuance, these contracts were terminated and the Company paid $33,306, the fair value of the contracts on that date, to settle. Of this
amount, $6,373 related to 3.15% Notes Due 2021 and $26,933 related to 5.10% Notes Due 2044, which have been deferred in AOCE and are being amortized to interest expense over the life of the respective notes using the effective interest rate method.
   The fair values of the Company’s long-term debt are considered Level 3 fair values (see note 12 for further discussion of the
fair value hierarchy) and are measured using the discounted future cash flows method. In addition to the debt terms, the valuation methodology includes an assumption of a discount rate that approximates the current yield on a similar debt security.
This assumption is considered an unobservable input in that it reflects the Company’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The Company believes that this is the best information
available for use in the fair value measurement.    The Company’s 3.15% Notes mature in 2021. All of the Company’s other
long-term borrowings have contractual maturities that occur subsequent to 2021. The aggregate principal amount of long-term debt maturing in the next five years is $300,000.    (10)     Income Taxes     On December 22, 2017, the
U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”). The Tax Act made broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code which impacted 2017 including, but not limited to,
reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate and requiring a  one-time  tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries.    The Tax Act also puts in place new tax laws that will apply prospectively, which include, but are not limited to (i) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35 to 21 percent; (ii) generally
eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries; (iii) requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations; (iv) creating a new limitation on
deductible interest expense; and (v) imposing limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation.    U.S. GAAP
requires the impact of tax legislation to be recorded in the period of enactment. Therefore, in connection with our initial analysis of the impact of the Tax Act, we recorded a provisional tax expense of $316,423 in the period ended
December 31, 2017. This expense consists of $271,605 for the deemed repatriation tax and $44,818 of expense primarily due to the remeasurement of deferred taxes associated with the corporate rate reduction. The Company expects to utilize
$90,300 of existing tax credits to reduce the $271,605 U.S. federal tax liability due to the deemed repatriation tax, which will result in $181,305 to be paid over eight years. This liability was included as a component of other liabilities as of
December 31, 2017.    Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 118 establishes a  one-year  measurement
period to complete the accounting for the ASC 740 income tax effects of the Tax Act. An entity recognizes the impact of those amounts for which the accounting is complete. For matters that have not been completed, provisional amounts are recorded to
the extent they can be reasonably estimated. For amounts for which a reasonable estimate cannot be determined, no adjustment is made until such estimate can be completed.    Other than the tax on global intangible low taxed income (GILTI) discussed below, the Company was able to make reasonable estimates of the impact of the Tax Act and have recorded provisional amounts for the deemed
repatriation tax, the remeasurement of deferred taxes, and our reassessment of permanently reinvested earnings and valuation allowances. These estimates may be impacted as we further analyze available tax accounting methods and elections, earnings
and profits computations, state tax conformity to federal tax changes and guidance issued by standard-setting bodies that provide interpretative guidance of the Tax Act.    See Note 22, “Subsequent Event,” for disclosure of additional tax guidance related to the Tax Act.  
      70  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        The components of earnings before income taxes, determined by tax jurisdiction, are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 168,370 
   
    
   
 146,013 
   
    
   
 155,120 
   
 
   International 
    
   
 617,780 
   
    
   
 546,476 
   
    
   
 448,795 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total earnings before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 786,150 
   
    
   
 692,489 
   
    
   
 603,915 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Income taxes attributable to earnings before income taxes are:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Current 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 202,374 
   
    
   
 78,958 
   
    
   
 101,591 
   
 
   State and local 
    
   
 2,926 
   
    
   
 3,208 
   
    
   
 3,352 
   
 
   International 
    
   
 72,138 
   
    
   
 77,834 
   
    
   
 71,054 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 277,438 
   
    
   
 160,000 
   
    
   
 175,997 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
   
 105,174 
   
    
   
 11,989 
   
    
   
 (13,771 
 )  
 
   State and local 
    
   
 1,658 
   
    
   
 411 
   
    
   
 (472 
 )  
 
   International 
    
   
 5,273 
   
    
   
 (13,062 
 )  
    
   
 (4,711 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 112,105 
   
    
   
 (662 
 )  
    
   
 (18,954 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total income taxes 
    
 $ 
 389,543 
   
    
   
 159,338 
   
    
   
 157,043 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   A reconciliation of the statutory United States federal income tax rate to Hasbro’s effective income tax rate
is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Statutory income tax rate 
    
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   State and local income taxes, net 
    
   
 0.3 
   
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
   
 0.3 
   
 
   Tax on international earnings 
    
   
 (23.0 
 )  
   
   
 (15.8 
 )  
   
   
 (15.6 
 )  
 
   Change in unrecognized tax benefits 
    
   
 1.0 
   
   
   
 1.7 
   
   
   
 4.3 
   
 
   Share-based compensation 
    
   
 (4.1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 
    
   
 39.4 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 1.0 
   
   
   
 1.8 
   
   
   
 2.0 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 49.6 
 %  
   
   
 23.0 
 %  
   
   
 26.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The components of deferred income tax expense (benefit) arise from various temporary differences and relate to items
included in the consolidated statements of operations as well as items recognized in other comprehensive  
      71  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        earnings. The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 are:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
 $ 
 31,424 
   
    
   
 32,277 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 11,198 
   
    
   
 17,913 
   
 
   Loss and credit carryforwards 
    
   
 36,821 
   
    
   
 29,752 
   
 
   Operating expenses 
    
   
 15,961 
   
    
   
 48,024 
   
 
   Pension 
    
   
 8,372 
   
    
   
 35,255 
   
 
   Other compensation 
    
   
 36,856 
   
    
   
 66,220 
   
 
   Postretirement benefits 
    
   
 8,497 
   
    
   
 12,525 
   
 
   Interest rate hedge 
    
   
 6,012 
   
    
   
 10,286 
   
 
   Tax sharing agreement 
    
   
 5,514 
   
    
   
 17,339 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 17,046 
   
    
   
 25,513 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Gross deferred tax assets 
    
   
 177,701 
   
    
   
 295,104 
   
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (32,851 
 )  
    
   
 (24,065 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
   
 144,850 
   
    
   
 271,039 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization of long-lived assets 
    
   
 29,226 
   
    
   
 49,484 
   
 
   Equity method investment 
    
   
 12,829 
   
    
   
 7,056 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 11,018 
   
    
   
 7,634 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 53,073 
   
    
   
 64,174 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 91,777 
   
    
   
 206,865 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   At December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, the Company’s net deferred income taxes are recorded in
the consolidated balance sheets as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Other assets 
    
   
 97,870 
   
    
   
 212,317 
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 (6,093 
 )  
    
   
 (5,452 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 91,777 
   
    
   
 206,865 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company has a valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets at December 31, 2017 of $32,851, which is
an increase of $8,786 from $24,065 at December 25, 2016. The valuation allowance pertains to certain U.S. state and international loss and credit carryforwards, some of which have no expiration and others that would expire beginning in 2018.
   We previously considered the earnings in our  non-U.S.  subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested
and, accordingly, recorded no deferred income taxes. The Tax Act eliminates the deferral of U.S. income tax on these foreign earnings by imposing a transition tax which is a  one-time  mandatory deemed
repatriation tax. As a result we now intend to repatriate substantially all of our accumulated foreign earnings. The Company still has significant cash needs outside the United States, and we are currently analyzing our global working capital and
cash requirements. However, tax reform gives more companies flexibility to manage cash globally. We have recorded $1,657 of  non-US  local country withholding taxes as part of the provisional repatriation tax
amount, which will be incurred due to certain future cash distributions. The Company has not finalized the timing of any actual cash distributions or the specific amounts and therefore we could still be subject to some additional foreign withholding
taxes and U.S. state taxes. We will record these additional tax effects, if any, in the period that we complete our analysis and are able to make a reasonable estimate.  
      72  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        The Tax Act contains a new law that requires a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations, also known as the tax on global intangible low taxed income
(GILTI), beginning in 2018. The FASB has provided that companies subject to GILTI have the option to account for the GILTI tax as a period cost if and when incurred, or to recognize deferred taxes for temporary differences, including outside basis
differences, expected to reverse as GILTI. Due to the complexity of the new GILTI rules, we are continuing to evaluate this provision of the Tax Act. We have not recorded any provisional amounts as of December 31, 2017 nor have we made an
accounting policy choice of including taxable income related to GILTI as either a current period tax expense or factoring such amounts into our measurement of deferred taxes.    A reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding potential interest and penalties, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, December 25, 2016, and December 27, 2015 is as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 80,388 
   
    
   
 63,549 
   
    
   
 35,416 
   
 
   Gross increases in prior period tax positions 
    
   
 2,518 
   
    
   
 2,727 
   
    
   
 491 
   
 
   Gross decreases in prior period tax positions 
    
   
 (28,653 
 )  
    
   
 (3,103 
 )  
    
   
 (1,773 
 )  
 
   Gross increases in current period tax positions 
    
   
 34,056 
   
    
   
 34,155 
   
    
   
 32,547 
   
 
   Decreases related to settlements with tax authorities 
    
   
 (1,375 
 )  
    
   
 (11,662 
 )  
    
   
 (355 
 )  
 
   Decreases from the expiration of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (2,690 
 )  
    
   
 (5,278 
 )  
    
   
 (2,777 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 84,244 
   
    
   
 80,388 
   
    
   
 63,549 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2017, December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, were
$84,244, $80,388, and $63,549, respectively. If recognized, these tax benefits would have affected our income tax provision for fiscal years 2017, 2016, and 2015, by approximately $77,000, $70,000, and $59,000, respectively.  
 During 2017, 2016, and 2015 the Company recognized $2,431, $2,135, and $1,422, respectively, of potential interest and penalties, which are included
as a component of income taxes in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2017, December 25, 2016, and December 27, 2015, the Company had accrued potential interest and penalties of $5,157, $3,966, and
$4,778, respectively.    The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the United States and various state and international
jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is regularly audited by U.S. federal, state and local and international tax authorities in various tax jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax
examinations for years before 2013. With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. state or local and  non-U.S.  income tax examinations by tax authorities in its major jurisdictions for years
before 2012.    The Company believes it is reasonably possible that a decrease of up to $2,800 in unrecognized tax benefits may be
necessary within the coming year as a result of a lapse of statute of limitations.    (11)     Capital Stock 
   In February 2015, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized the repurchases of up to $500,000 in common stock. Purchases of
the Company’s common stock may be made from time to time, subject to market conditions, and may be made in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company has no obligation to repurchase shares under the authorization
and the time, actual number, and the value of the shares which are repurchased will depend on a number of factors, including the price of the Company’s common stock. In 2017, the Company repurchased 1,584 shares at an average price of $94.74.
The total cost of these repurchases, including transaction costs, was $150,054. At December 31, 2017, $177,966 remained under the current authorizations.    (12)     Fair Value of Financial Instruments     The
Company measures certain assets at fair value in accordance with current accounting standards. The fair value hierarchy consists of three levels: Level 1 fair values are valuations based on quoted market prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities that the entity has the ability to access; Level 2 fair values are those valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are
observable or can be corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of the  
      73  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        assets or liabilities; and Level 3 fair values are valuations based on inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. There
have been no transfers between levels within the fair value hierarchy.    Current accounting standards permit entities to choose to measure
many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value and establish presentation and disclosure requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between entities that choose different measurement attributes for similar assets and
liabilities. The Company has elected the fair value option for certain investments using net asset value per share. At December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, these investments totaled $24,436 and $23,571, respectively, and are included
in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded net gains (losses) of $1,500, $1,010 and $(682) on these investments in other expense (income), net for the years ended December 31, 2017,
December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015, respectively, relating to the change in fair value of such investments.    At
December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, the Company had the following assets and liabilities measured at fair value in its consolidated balance sheets (excluding assets for which the fair value is measured using net asset value per
share):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Fair Value Measurements Using 
   
 
   
    
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   


 
   December 31, 2017 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale  securities 
    
 $ 
 3,126 
   
    
   
 3,126 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 12,226 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 12,226 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 15,352 
   
    
   
 3,126 
   
    
   
 12,226 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 23,051 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 23,051 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Option agreement 
    
   
 23,980 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 23,980 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 47,031 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 23,051 
   
    
   
 23,980 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   December 25, 2016 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale  securities 
    
 $ 
 3,736 
   
    
   
 3,736 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Derivatives 
    
   
 87,894 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 87,894 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 91,630 
   
    
   
 3,736 
   
    
   
 87,894 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivatives 
    
 $ 
 11,309 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 11,309 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Option agreement 
    
   
 28,770 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 28,770 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 40,079 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 11,309 
   
    
   
 28,770 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Available-for-sale  securities
include equity securities of one company quoted on an active public market. The Company’s derivatives consist primarily of foreign currency forward contracts. The Company used current forward rates of the respective foreign currencies to
measure the fair value of these contracts. The option agreement included in other liabilities at December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 is valued using an option pricing model based on the fair value of the related investment. Inputs used
in the option pricing model include volatility and fair  
      74  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        value of the underlying company which are considered unobservable inputs as they reflect the Company’s own assumptions about the inputs that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The
Company believes that this is the best information available for use in the fair value measurement. There were no changes in these valuation techniques during 2017.    The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the fair value measurements of the Company’s financial instruments which use significant unobservable inputs (Level 3):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 (28,770 
 )  
    
   
 (28,360 
 )  
 
   Net gains (losses) from change in fair value 
    
   
 4,790 
   
    
   
 (410 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 (23,980 
 )  
    
   
 (28,770 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In addition to the above, the Company has three investments for which the fair value is measured using net asset
value per share. At December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 these investments had fair values of $24,436 and $23,571, respectively. Two of the investments have net asset values that are predominantly based on underlying investments which
are traded on an active market and are redeemable within 45 days. The third investment invests in hedge funds which are generally redeemable on a quarterly basis with 30 – 90 days’ notice.  
 (13)     Stock Options, Other Stock Awards and Warrants   
 The Company has reserved 10,127 shares of its common stock for issuance upon exercise of options and other awards granted or to be granted under
stock incentive plans for employees and for  non-employee  members of the Board of Directors (collectively, the “plans”). These awards generally vest and are expensed in equal annual amounts over three
to five years. The plans provide that options be granted at exercise prices not less than the market value of the underlying common stock on the date the option is granted and options and share awards are adjusted for such changes as stock splits
and stock dividends. Options are exercisable for periods of no more than seven years after date of grant. Upon exercise in the case of stock options, grant in the case of restricted stock or vesting in the case of performance based contingent stock
and restricted stock unit grants, shares are issued out of available treasury shares. The Company’s current plan permits the granting of awards in the form of stock, stock appreciation rights, stock awards and cash awards in addition to stock
options.    Total compensation expense related to stock options, restricted stock units, including those awards made to  non-employee  members of its Board of Directors, and stock performance awards for the years ended December 31, 2017, December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015 was $56,032, $61,624 and $53,880,
respectively, and was recorded as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 — 
   
    
   
 200 
   
    
   
 366 
   
 
   Product development 
    
   
 3,312 
   
    
   
 3,248 
   
    
   
 3,527 
   
 
   Selling, distribution and administration 
    
   
 52,720 
   
    
   
 58,176 
   
    
   
 49,987 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 56,032 
   
    
   
 61,624 
   
    
   
 53,880 
   
 
   Income tax benefit 
    
   
 9,574 
   
    
   
 20,298 
   
    
   
 13,489 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 46,458 
   
    
   
 41,326 
   
    
   
 40,391 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      75  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        The following table represents total stock compensation expense by award type related to stock performance awards, restricted stock units, stock options and awards made to
 non-employee  members of the Company’s Board of Directors, for the years ended December 31, 2017, December 25, 2016 and December 27, 2015:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Stock performance awards 
    
 $ 
 27,522 
   
    
   
 34,248 
   
    
   
 27,960 
   
 
   Restricted stock units 
    
   
 20,573 
   
    
   
 19,908 
   
    
   
 19,052 
   
 
   Stock options 
    
   
 6,342 
   
    
   
 5,838 
   
    
   
 5,419 
   
 
   Non-employee  awards 
    
   
 1,595 
   
    
   
 1,630 
   
    
   
 1,449 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 56,032 
   
    
   
 61,624 
   
    
   
 53,880 
   
 
   Income tax benefit 
    
   
 9,574 
   
    
   
 20,298 
   
    
   
 13,489 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 46,458 
   
    
   
 41,326 
   
    
   
 40,391 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Stock Performance Awards  
 In 2017, 2016 and 2015, as part of its annual equity grant to executive officers and certain other employees, the Company issued contingent stock
performance awards (the “Stock Performance Awards”). These awards provide the recipients with the ability to earn shares of the Company’s common stock based on the Company’s achievement of stated cumulative operating performance
targets over the three fiscal years ended December 2019, December 2018, and December 2017 for the 2017, 2016 and 2015 awards, respectively. Each Stock Performance Award has a target number of shares of common stock associated with such award which
may be earned by the recipient if the Company achieves the stated diluted earnings per share and revenue targets. For certain employees, the Stock Performance Awards also include an additional return on invested capital target in addition to the
diluted earnings per share and revenue targets. The ultimate amount of the award may vary from 0% to 200% of the target number of shares, depending on the cumulative results achieved.  
 Information with respect to Stock Performance Awards for 2017, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 1,074 
   
    
   
 992 
   
    
   
 655 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 428 
   
    
   
 529 
   
    
   
 362 
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (28 
 )  
    
   
 (23 
 )  
    
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (574 
 )  
    
   
 (424 
 )  
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 900 
   
    
   
 1,074 
   
    
   
 992 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average grant-date fair value: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 99.58 
   
    
   
 74.69 
   
    
   
 61.85 
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
 $ 
 74.86 
   
    
   
 61.86 
   
    
   
 53.45 
   
 
   Vested 
    
 $ 
 52.21 
   
    
   
 47.21 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 77.27 
   
    
   
 62.19 
   
    
   
 53.17 
   
   Shares granted in 2017 include 227 shares related to the 2015 award, reflecting increases in the ultimate amount of
shares to be issued based on the Company’s cumulative results achieved during the performance period. These shares are excluded from the calculation of the weighted average grant-date fair value of Stock Performance awards granted in 2017.
Similarly, shares granted in 2016 included 276 additional shares related to the 2014 award, and shares granted in 2015 included 90 additional shares related to the 2013 award. These shares were excluded from the calculation of the weighted average
grant-date fair value of Stock Performance awards granted in 2016 and 2015.    During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized $27,522,
$34,248 and $27,960, respectively, of expense relating to Stock Performance Awards. Awards are valued at the market value of the underlying common stock at the dates of grant and are expensed over the performance period. On a periodic basis, the
Company reviews the actual and forecasted performance of the Company against the stated targets for each award. The total expense is adjusted upward or downward based on the expected amount of shares to be issued as defined in the respective
 
      76  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        stock performance award agreement. If minimum targets as detailed under the award are not met, no additional compensation expense will be recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense will be
reversed. At December 31, 2017, the amount of total unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards is approximately $23,068 and the weighted average period over which this will be expensed is 19 months.  
 Restricted Stock Units    The Company, as part of its annual equity grant to executive officers and certain other employees, issues restricted stock or grants restricted stock units. These shares or units are nontransferable and subject to
forfeiture for periods prescribed by the Company. These awards are valued at the market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant and are subsequently amortized over the periods during which the restrictions lapse, generally between
three and five years. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized compensation expense, net of forfeitures, on these awards of $20,573, $19,908 and $19,052, respectively. At December 31, 2017, the amount of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to restricted stock units is $21,526 and the weighted average period over which this will be expensed is 22 months.    In October 2012, as part of an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, (the “Agreement”), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer was awarded 587 shares to be granted in two tranches across 2013 and
2014, which were expensed from 2013 through 2017. 468 shares of this award were considered granted in 2013 while the remaining 119 shares were granted in February 2014. These awards provided the recipient with the ability to earn shares of the
Company’s common stock based on the Company’s achievement of four stated stock price hurdles and continued employment through December 31, 2017. Per the agreement terms, at the completion of the service period, the recipient was to
receive one quarter of the award for each stock price hurdle achieved after April 24, 2013. The four stock price hurdles were $45, $52, $56 and $60 which were required to be maintained for a period of at least thirty days using the average
closing price over such period. In August 2014, the Agreement was further amended to include additional requirements. Specifically, if the third and fourth stock price hurdles were achieved, the number of shares ultimately issued was dependent on
the average stock price for the thirty day period immediately prior to December 31, 2017. This amendment did not result in any incremental fair value to the award which was used to record compensation expense for the award. At December 31,
2017, all requirements of the Agreement were met and 587 shares were issued.    The Company used a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model
to determine the fair value of these awards. The following inputs were used in the simulation that resulted in an average grant date fair value for this award of $35.56:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Inputs 
   


 
   Grant date stock price 
    
 $ 
 47.28 
   
 
   Stock price volatility 
    
   
 26.12 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.65 
 %  
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 3.38 
 %  
   Excluding the aforementioned award for 587 shares, information with respect to the remaining Restricted Stock Awards
and Restricted Stock Units for 2017, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 795 
   
    
   
 955 
   
    
   
 937 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 203 
   
    
   
 245 
   
    
   
 254 
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (41 
 )  
    
   
 (41 
 )  
    
   
 (52 
 )  
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (321 
 )  
    
   
 (364 
 )  
    
   
 (184 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 636 
   
    
   
 795 
   
    
   
 955 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average grant-date fair value: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 98.88 
   
    
   
 75.23 
   
    
   
 62.95 
   
 
   Forfeited 
    
 $ 
 68.01 
   
    
   
 59.37 
   
    
   
 51.57 
   
 
   Vested 
    
 $ 
 57.58 
   
    
   
 43.89 
   
    
   
 39.87 
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 75.13 
   
    
   
 61.65 
   
    
   
 51.22 
   
 
      77  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Stock Options    Information with respect to stock options for each of the
three fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Outstanding at beginning of year 
    
   
 2,768 
   
    
   
 3,445 
   
    
   
 4,186 
   
 
   Granted 
    
   
 458 
   
    
   
 492 
   
    
   
 549 
   
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (597 
 )  
    
   
 (1,143 
 )  
    
   
 (1,280 
 )  
 
   Expired or forfeited 
    
   
 (50 
 )  
    
   
 (26 
 )  
    
   
 (10 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
   
 2,579 
   
    
   
 2,768 
   
    
   
 3,445 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
    
   
 1,661 
   
    
   
 1,708 
   
    
   
 2,208 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average exercise price: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
 $ 
 98.80 
   
    
   
 74.42 
   
    
   
 61.77 
   
 
   Exercised 
    
 $ 
 49.31 
   
    
   
 41.75 
   
    
   
 37.54 
   
 
   Expired or forfeited 
    
 $ 
 57.33 
   
    
   
 56.43 
   
    
   
 46.38 
   
 
   Outstanding at end of year 
    
 $ 
 62.12 
   
    
   
 53.21 
   
    
   
 46.41 
   
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
    
 $ 
 50.02 
   
    
   
 45.50 
   
    
   
 41.36 
   
   With respect to the 2,579 outstanding options and 1,661 options exercisable at December 31, 2017, the weighted
average remaining contractual life of these options was 3.69 years and 2.71 years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the options outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2017 was $77,657 and $67,818, respectively. Substantially
all unvested outstanding options are expected to vest.    The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model in determining the fair value
of stock options. The expected life of the options used in this calculation is the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding and has been determined based on historical exercise experience. The weighted average fair value of options
granted in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $18.25, $13.01 and $9.29, respectively. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used
for grants in the fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.85 
 %  
   
   
 1.16 
 %  
   
   
 1.34 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 2.31 
 %  
   
   
 2.74 
 %  
   
   
 2.98 
 %  
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 26 
 %  
   
   
 23 
 %  
 
   Expected option life 
    
   
 5 years 
   
   
   
 5 years 
   
   
   
 5 years 
   
   The intrinsic values, which represent the difference between the fair market value on the date of exercise and the
exercise price of the option, of the options exercised in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $31,406, $47,992 and $41,906, respectively.    At
December 31, 2017, the amount of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options was $8,228 and the weighted average period over which this will be expensed is 22 months.  
 Non-Employee  Awards  
 In 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company granted 16, 23 and 20 shares of common stock, respectively, to its
 non-employee  members of its Board of Directors. Of these shares, the receipt of 10 shares from the 2017 grant, 16 shares from the 2016 grant and 16 shares from the 2015 grant has been deferred to the date upon
which the respective director ceases to be a member of the Company’s Board of Directors. These awards were valued at the market value of the underlying common stock at the date of grant and vested upon grant. In connection with these grants,
compensation cost of $1,595 was recorded in selling, distribution and administration expense in the year ended December 31, 2017, $1,630 in the year ended December 25, 2016 and $1,449 in the year ended December 27, 2015.  
      78  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        (14)     Pension, Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits      Pension and Postretirement Benefits    The Company recognizes an asset or
liability for each of its defined benefit pension plans equal to the difference between the projected benefit obligation of the plan and the fair value of the plan’s assets. Actuarial gains and losses and prior service costs that have not yet
been included in income are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets in AOCE. Reclassifications to earnings from AOCE related to pension and postretirement plans are recorded to selling, distribution and administration expense.  
 Expenses related to the Company’s defined benefit pension and defined contribution plans for 2017, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $45,900,
$45,200 and $36,000, respectively. Of these amounts, $36,000, $33,300 and $26,600, respectively, related to defined contribution plans in the United States and certain international subsidiaries. The remainder of the expense relates to defined
benefit pension plans discussed below.    United States Plans  
 Prior to 2008, substantially all United States employees were covered under at least one of several
 non-contributory  defined benefit pension plans maintained by the Company. Benefits under the two major plans which principally cover  non-union  employees, were based
primarily on salary and years of service. One of these major plans is funded. Benefits under the remaining plans are based primarily on fixed amounts for specified years of service. In 2007, for the two major plans covering its  non-union  employees, the Company froze benefits being accrued effective at the end of December 2007. Following the August 2015 sale of its manufacturing facility in East Longmeadow, MA, the Company elected to freeze
benefits related to its major plan covering union employees. Effective January 1, 2016, the plan covering union employees merged with and into the Hasbro Inc. Pension Plan, and ceased to exist as a separate plan on that date.  
 At December 31, 2017, the measurement date, the fair value of the funded plans’ assets were in excess of the projected benefit obligations
in the amount of $25,603 while the unfunded plans of the Company had an aggregate accumulated and projected benefit obligation of $35,981. At December 25, 2016 the projected benefit obligations of the funded plans were in excess of the fair
value of the plans’ assets in the amount of $28,340 while the unfunded plans of the Company had an aggregate accumulated and projected benefit obligation of $35,104.    Hasbro also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to eligible employees who retire and have either attained age 65 with 5 years of service or age 55 with 10 years of service. The
cost of providing these benefits on behalf of employees who retired prior to 1993 is and will continue to be substantially borne by the Company. The cost of providing benefits on behalf of substantially all employees who retire after 1992 is borne
by the employee. The plan is not funded.  
      79  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Reconciliations of the beginning and ending balances for the projected benefit obligation, the fair value of plan assets and the funded status are included below for the years ended December 31, 2017 and
December 25, 2016.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
   
 Postretirement 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Change in Projected Benefit Obligation 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation — beginning 
    
 $ 
 372,824 
   
   
   
 361,060 
   
   
   
 28,484 
   
   
   
 26,247 
   
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 1,290 
   
   
   
 2,100 
   
   
   
 691 
   
   
   
 532 
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 15,303 
   
   
   
 16,106 
   
   
   
 1,179 
   
   
   
 1,175 
   
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 27,670 
   
   
   
 17,353 
   
   
   
 3,432 
   
   
   
 2,380 
   
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (22,579 
 )  
   
   
 (22,508 
 )  
   
   
 (1,633 
 )  
   
   
 (1,850 
 )  
 
   Expenses paid 
    
   
 (1,141 
 )  
   
   
 (1,287 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Projected benefit obligation — ending 
    
 $ 
 393,367 
   
   
   
 372,824 
   
   
   
 32,153 
   
   
   
 28,484 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accumulated benefit obligation — ending 
    
 $ 
 393,367 
   
   
   
 372,824 
   
   
   
 32,153 
   
   
   
 28,484 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in Plan Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets — beginning 
    
 $ 
 309,380 
   
   
   
 259,329 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 44,562 
   
   
   
 8,961 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Employer contribution 
    
   
 52,767 
   
   
   
 64,885 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (22,579 
 )  
   
   
 (22,508 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Expenses paid 
    
   
 (1,141 
 )  
   
   
 (1,287 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets — ending 
    
 $ 
 382,989 
   
   
   
 309,380 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Reconciliation of Funded Status 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
    
 $ 
 (393,367 
 )  
   
   
 (372,824 
 )  
   
   
 (32,153 
 )  
   
   
 (28,484 
 )  
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 382,989 
   
   
   
 309,380 
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Funded status 
    
   
 (10,378 
 )  
   
   
 (63,444 
 )  
   
   
 (32,153 
 )  
   
   
 (28,484 
 )  
 
   Unrecognized net loss 
    
   
 132,088 
   
   
   
 138,529 
   
   
   
 5,853 
   
   
   
 2,420 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net amount 
    
 $ 
 121,710 
   
   
   
 75,085 
   
   
   
 (26,300 
 )  
   
   
 (26,064 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 (2,448 
 )  
   
   
 (2,553 
 )  
   
   
 (1,630 
 )  
   
   
 (1,599 
 )  
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 (7,930 
 )  
   
   
 (60,891 
 )  
   
   
 (30,523 
 )  
   
   
 (26,885 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive earnings (loss) 
    
   
 132,088 
   
   
   
 138,529 
   
   
   
 5,853 
   
   
   
 2,420 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net amount 
    
 $ 
 121,710 
   
   
   
 75,085 
   
   
   
 (26,300 
 )  
   
   
 (26,064 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   In fiscal 2018, the Company expects amortization of unrecognized net losses related to its defined benefit pension
plans of $8,445 to be included as a component of net periodic benefit cost. The Company does not expect amortization in 2018 related to its postretirement plan.  
      80  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Assumptions used to determine the  year-end  pension and postretirement benefit obligations are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Pension 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Weighted average discount rate 
    
   
 3.71 
 %  
   
   
 4.22 
 %  
 
   Mortality table 
    
   
 RP-2014/Scale BB 
     
   
   
 RP-2014/Scale BB 
     
 
   Postretirement 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 3.74 
 %  
   
   
 4.26 
 %  
 
   Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
    
   
 6.50 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
 
   Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend 
    
   
 2024 
   
   
   
 2021 
   
   Hasbro’s pension plan assets (the “Plan Assets”) are intended to provide retirement benefits to
participants in accordance with the benefit structure established by Hasbro, Inc. The Plan Asset investment managers, who exercise full investment discretion within guidelines outlined in the Plan Asset Investment Policy, are charged with managing
the assets with the care, skill, prudence and diligence that a prudent investment professional in similar circumstance would exercise. Investment practices, at a minimum, must comply with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) and any
other applicable laws and regulations.    The Plan Asset’s allocations are structured to meet a long-term targeted total return
consistent with the ongoing nature of the pension plan liabilities. The shared long-term total return goal, presently 6.25%, includes income plus realized and unrealized gains and/or losses on the Plan’s assets. Utilizing generally accepted
diversification techniques, the Plan Assets, in aggregate and at the individual portfolio level, are invested so that the total portfolio risk exposure and risk-adjusted returns best meet the pension plan long-term obligations to employees. The
Company’s asset allocation includes alternative investment strategies designed to achieve a modest absolute return in addition to the return on an underlying asset class such as bond or equity indices. These alternative investment strategies
may use derivatives to gain market returns in an efficient and timely manner; however, derivatives are not used to leverage the portfolio beyond the market value of the underlying assets. These alternative investment strategies are included in other
equity, total return fund and fixed income asset categories at December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016. Plan asset allocations are reviewed at least quarterly and rebalanced to achieve target allocation among the asset categories when
necessary.    The Plan Assets’ investment managers are provided specific guidelines under which they are to invest the assets assigned
to them. In general, investment managers are expected to remain fully invested in their asset class with further limitations of risk as related to investments in a single security, portfolio turnover and credit quality.  
 With the exception of the alternative investment strategies mentioned above, the Plan’s Investment Policy restricts the use of derivatives
associated with leverage or speculation. In addition, the Investment Policy also restricts investments in securities issued by Hasbro, Inc. except through index-related strategies (e.g. an S&P 500 Index Fund) and/or commingled funds. In
addition, unless specifically approved by the Investment Committee (which comprises members of management, established by the Board to manage and control pension plan assets), certain securities, strategies, and investments are ineligible for
inclusion within the Plan Assets.  
      81  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        The assets of the funded plans are managed by investment advisors. The fair values of the plan assets by asset class and fair value hierarchy level (excluding assets for which the fair value is measured using net
asset value per share) as of December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Fair value measurements using: 
   
 
   
   
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   


 
   2017 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
   
 $ 
 38,400 
   
    
   
 38,400 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Small Cap 
   
   
 25,300 
   
    
   
 25,300 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   International measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 43,900 
   
    
   
 43,900 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Other measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 300 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Fixed Income measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 217,200 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Total Return Fund measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 26,900 
   
    
   
 26,900 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Cash Equivalents measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 31,000 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 383,000 
   
    
   
 134,500 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2016 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity: 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Large Cap 
   
 $ 
 29,100 
   
    
   
 29,100 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Small Cap 
   
   
 29,200 
   
    
   
 29,200 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   International measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 40,100 
   
    
   
 40,100 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Other measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 1,300 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Fixed Income measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 119,500 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Total Return Fund measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 29,000 
   
    
   
 29,000 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Cash Equivalents measured at net asset value(a) 
   
   
 61,100 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 309,300 
   
    
   
 127,400 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this
table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Schedule of Changes in Plan Assets disclosed previously in this note.  
 The Plan’s Level 1 assets consist of investments traded on active markets that are valued using published closing prices.  
 At December 31, 2017 the Company’s investments for which the fair value is measured using net asset value per share include the following;
Fixed income funds—$217,200 of fixed income funds redeemable monthly with five days’ notice,, Cash and cash equivalents—$31,000 of cash and cash equivalents which are redeemable daily and public-private investment funds—$300
consisting of a public-private investment fund which is valued using the net asset value provided by the investment manager and invests in commercial mortgage-backed securities and  non-agency  residential
mortgage-backed securities. The Company believes that the net asset values are the best information available for use in the fair value measurement of these funds.  
      82  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        The following is a detail of the components of the net periodic benefit cost for the three years ended December 31, 2017.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
 Components of Net Periodic Cost 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Pension 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 1,290 
   
    
   
 2,100 
   
    
   
 1,918 
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 15,303 
   
    
   
 16,106 
   
    
   
 15,683 
   
 
   Expected return on assets 
    
   
 (19,534 
 )  
    
   
 (17,013 
 )  
    
   
 (18,538 
 )  
 
   Amortization of prior service cost 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 65 
   
 
   Amortization of actuarial loss 
    
   
 9,082 
   
    
   
 7,361 
   
    
   
 7,468 
   
 
   Curtailment/settlement losses 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 781 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic benefit cost 
    
 $ 
 6,141 
   
    
   
 8,554 
   
    
   
 7,377 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Postretirement 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 691 
   
    
   
 532 
   
    
   
 567 
   
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 1,179 
   
    
   
 1,175 
   
    
   
 1,154 
   
 
   Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (304 
 )  
 
   Curtailment gain 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (3,842 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic benefit cost (income) 
    
 $ 
 1,870 
   
    
   
 1,707 
   
    
   
 (2,425 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See note 17 for additional information on the 2015 curtailment (gain) loss.  
 Assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost of the pension plan and postretirement plan for each fiscal year follow:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   
 
 Pension 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Weighted average discount rate 
    
   
 4.22 
 %  
   
   
 4.58 
 %  
   
   
 4.22 
 %  
 
   Long-term rate of return on plan assets 
    
   
 6.25 
 %  
   
   
 6.75 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
 
   Postretirement 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Discount rate 
    
   
 4.26 
 %  
   
   
 4.64 
 %  
   
   
 4.49 
 %  
 
   Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 
    
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 7.00 
 %  
   
   
 6.50 
 %  
 
   Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) 
    
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
   
   
 5.00 
 %  
 
   Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 
    
   
 2021 
   
   
   
 2021 
   
   
   
 2020 
   
   If the health care cost trend rate were increased one percentage point in each year, the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligation at December 31, 2017 and the aggregate of the benefits earned during the period and the interest cost would have both increased by approximately 0.6%.    Hasbro works with external benefit investment specialists to assist in the development of the long-term rate of return assumptions used to model and determine the overall asset allocation. Forecast returns are
based on the combination of historical returns, current market conditions and a forecast for the capital markets for the next  5-7 years.  All asset class assumptions are within certain bands around the
long-term historical averages. Correlations are based primarily on historical return patterns.  
      83  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Expected benefit payments under the defined benefit pension plans and the postretirement benefit plan for the next five years subsequent to 2017 and in the aggregate for the following five years are as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension 
   
    
 Postretirement 
   


 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 20,803 
   
    
   
 1,660 
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 21,125 
   
    
   
 1,601 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 21,315 
   
    
   
 1,552 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 21,943 
   
    
   
 1,506 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 22,391 
   
    
   
 1,467 
   
 
   2023-2027 
    
   
 117,813 
   
    
   
 6,922 
   
   International Plans  
 Pension coverage for employees of Hasbro’s international subsidiaries is provided, to the extent deemed appropriate, through separate defined
benefit and defined contribution plans. At December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, the defined benefit plans had total projected benefit obligations of $127,012 and $118,492, respectively, and fair values of plan assets of $100,766 and
$85,678, respectively. Substantially all of the plan assets are invested in equity and fixed income securities. The pension expense related to these plans was $3,473, $1,533 and $2,769 in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. In fiscal 2018, the
Company expects amortization of $(36) of prior service costs, $1,026 of unrecognized net losses and $2 of unrecognized transition obligation to be included as a component of net periodic benefit cost.  
 Expected benefit payments under the international defined benefit pension plans for the five years subsequent to 2017 and in the aggregate for the
five years thereafter are as follows: 2018: $2,019; 2019: $2,179; 2020: $2,368; 2021: $2,524; 2022: $2,772; and 2023 through 2027: $17,806.    Postemployment Benefits    Hasbro has several plans covering certain groups
of employees, which may provide benefits to such employees following their period of active employment but prior to their retirement. These plans include certain severance plans which provide benefits to employees involuntarily terminated and
certain plans which continue the Company’s health and life insurance contributions for employees who have left Hasbro’s employ under terms of its long-term disability plan.    (15)     Leases      Hasbro occupies offices and uses
certain equipment under various operating lease arrangements. The rent expense under such arrangements, net of sublease income which is not material, for 2017, 2016 and 2015 amounted to $63,615, $52,585 and $45,592, respectively.  
 Minimum rentals, net of minimum sublease income, which is not material, under long-term operating leases for the five years subsequent to 2017 and
in the aggregate thereafter are as follows: 2018: $46,868; 2019: $41,330; 2020: $27,374; 2021: $22,930; 2022: $14,532; and thereafter: $21,927.    All leases expire prior to the end of 2037. Real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance expenses are generally obligations of the Company. It is expected that, in the normal course of business, leases that expire
will be renewed or replaced by leases on other properties; thus, it is anticipated that future minimum lease commitments will not be less than the amounts shown for 2018.    (16)     Derivative Financial Instruments     Hasbro uses
foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected future foreign currency transactions. These
 over-the-counter  contracts, which hedge future currency requirements related to purchases of inventory, product sales and other cross-border transactions not denominated
in the functional currency of the business unit, are primarily denominated in United States and Hong Kong dollars, and Euros. All contracts are entered into with a number of counterparties, all of which are major financial institutions. The Company
believes that a default by a single counterparty would not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. Hasbro does not enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.  
      84  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Cash Flow Hedges    Hasbro uses foreign currency forward contracts to reduce
the impact of currency rate fluctuations on firmly committed and projected future foreign currency transactions. All of the Company’s designated foreign currency forward contracts are considered to be cash flow hedges. These instruments hedge a
portion of the Company’s currency requirements associated with anticipated inventory purchases and other cross-border transactions in years 2018 through 2022.    At December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, the notional amounts and fair values of assets (liabilities) for the Company’s foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedging
instruments were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
 
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Hedged transaction 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Inventory purchases 
    
 $ 
 756,673 
   
    
   
 (13,695 
 )  
    
   
 945,728 
   
    
   
 60,520 
   
 
   Sales 
    
   
 423,315 
   
    
   
 16,144 
   
    
   
 290,181 
   
    
   
 9,775 
   
 
   Royalties and Other 
    
   
 196,889 
   
    
   
 (10,383 
 )  
    
   
 198,849 
   
    
   
 1,633 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 1,376,877 
   
    
   
 (7,934 
 )  
    
   
 1,434,758 
   
    
   
 71,928 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company has a master agreement with each of its counterparties that allows for the netting of outstanding
forward contracts. The fair values of the Company’s foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016 as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 13,666 
   
    
   
 34,265 
   
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (10,319 
 )  
    
   
 (2,075 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gain 
    
 $ 
 3,347 
   
    
   
 32,190 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 11,255 
   
    
   
 51,839 
   
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (2,376 
 )  
    
   
 (792 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gain 
    
 $ 
 8,879 
   
    
   
 51,047 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 4,215 
   
    
   
 8,481 
   
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (15,484 
 )  
    
   
 (19,790 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
 $ 
 (11,269 
 )  
    
   
 (11,309 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 4,546 
   
    
   
 — 
   
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (13,437 
 )  
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
 $ 
 (8,891 
 )  
    
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      85  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Net gains (losses) on cash flow hedging activities have been reclassified from other comprehensive earnings to net earnings for the years ended December 31, 2017, December 25, 2016 and December 27,
2015 as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations Classification 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cost of sales 
    
 $ 
 (1,905 
 )  
    
   
 57,786 
   
    
   
 66,378 
   
 
   Sales 
    
   
 5,315 
   
    
   
 7,467 
   
    
   
 (9,219 
 )  
 
   Royalties and other 
    
   
 (6,000 
 )  
    
   
 (5,776 
 )  
    
   
 (566 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net realized (losses) gains 
    
 $ 
 (2,590 
 )  
    
   
 59,477 
   
    
   
 56,593 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In addition, net (losses) gains of $(6,847), $400 and $1,169 were reclassified to earnings as a result of hedge
ineffectiveness in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Undesignated Hedges  
 The Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the impact of changes in the fair value of intercompany loans due to
foreign currency changes. The Company does not use hedge accounting for these contracts as changes in the fair values of these contracts are substantially offset by changes in the fair value of the intercompany loans. As of December 31, 2017
and December 25, 2016, the total notional amount of the Company’s undesignated derivative instruments was $418,471 and $268,308, respectively.    At December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, the fair value of the Company’s undesignated derivative financial instruments are recorded in the consolidated balance sheets as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Prepaid expenses and other assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 — 
   
   
   
 5,854 
   
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 (1,197 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized gain 
    
 $ 
 — 
   
   
   
 4,657 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Accrued liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
 $ 
 1,793 
   
   
   
 — 
   
 
   Unrealized losses 
    
   
 (4,684 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net unrealized loss 
    
 $ 
 (2,891 
 )  
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total unrealized gain (losses) 
    
 $ 
 (2,891 
 )  
   
   
 4,657 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company recorded net (losses) gains of $(4,267), $32,524 and $48,489 on these instruments to other (income)
expense, net for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, relating to the change in fair value of such derivatives, substantially offsetting gains and losses from the change in fair value of intercompany loans to which the instruments relate.  
 For additional information related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments see notes 2 and 12.  
 (17)      Sale of Manufacturing Operations     On August 30, 2015, the Company completed the sale of its manufacturing operations to Cartamundi NV (“Cartamundi”) for approximately $54,400, approximately $18,600 of which was received on the date
of sale with the remainder to be paid in 5 annual installments. Under the terms of the purchase and sale agreement, Cartamundi acquired the inventory and property, plant and equipment related to manufacturing operations in East Longmeadow, MA and
the common stock of the Company’s manufacturing subsidiary in Waterford, Ireland. Inclusive of this transaction and other related costs, the Company recognized a gain of $6,573 on the sale recorded in other (income) expense, net in the
consolidated statements of operations for the year ending December 27, 2015. These operations were a component of the Company’s Global Operations segment.  
      86  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        In connection with this transaction, the Company also entered into a manufacturing services agreement under which Cartamundi will provide manufacturing services over a  5-year 
term. In connection with this agreement, the Company has agreed to minimum purchase commitments from Cartamundi over the term of the agreement. The Company and Cartamundi are also party to a warehousing agreement under which the Company leases
designated warehouse space at the East Longmeadow, MA location, as well as a transition services agreement related to certain administrative functions each party is providing each other during a defined transition period. In connection with
this transaction, the Company froze the benefits of one of its funded defined benefit pension plans covering union employees. In connection with these actions, the Company recognized a net curtailment benefit of $3,061 related to net prior
service credits in the related defined benefit pension and post-retirement plans. This benefit is recorded in selling, distribution and administration expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ending December 27, 2015.
The Company has retained the frozen defined benefit pension plans related to its former employees of its East Longmeadow, MA and Waterford, Ireland businesses.    (18)     Acquisition     On July 13, 2016, the
Company acquired Boulder Media Limited (“Boulder”), an animation studio based in Dublin, Ireland. The consideration included an initial cash payment of approximately $13,177 and provisions for future earnout payments. Based on the
Company’s analysis, goodwill in the amount of $11,821 was recorded.    (19)     Commitments and
Contingencies     Hasbro had unused open letters of credit and related instruments of approximately $36,500 and $42,100 at
December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, respectively.    The Company enters into license agreements with strategic partners,
inventors, designers and others for the use of intellectual properties in its products. Certain of these agreements contain provisions for the payment of guaranteed or minimum royalty amounts. Under terms of existing agreements as of
December 31, 2017, Hasbro may, provided the other party meets their contractual commitment, be required to pay amounts as follows: 2018: $78,290; 2019: $61,181; 2020: $20,171; 2021: $27,046; 2022: $27,046; and thereafter: $15,859. At
December 31, 2017, the Company had $81,586 of prepaid royalties, $ 31,444 of which are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $50,142 of which are included in other assets.  
 In addition to the above commitments, certain of the above contracts impose minimum marketing commitments on the Company. The Company may be subject
to additional royalty guarantees totaling $50,000 that are not included in the amounts above that may be payable during the next four years contingent upon the quantity and types of theatrical movie releases by the licensor.  
 In connection with the Company’s agreement to form a joint venture with Discovery, the Company is obligated to make future payments to
Discovery under a tax sharing agreement. The Company estimates these payments may total approximately $41,000 and may range from approximately $4,500 to $7,100 per year during the period 2018 to 2022, and approximately $14,700 in aggregate for all
years occurring thereafter. These payments are contingent upon the Company having sufficient taxable income to realize the expected tax deductions of certain amounts related to the joint venture.  
 At December 31, 2017, the Company estimates payments related to inventory and tooling purchase commitments may total approximately $740,318,
including contractual commitments under the manufacturing agreement with Cartamundi as follows: 2018: $110,827; 2019: $104,626; and 2020: $82,917. For additional information about these commitments, see Note 17.  
 Hasbro is party to certain legal proceedings, as well as certain asserted and unasserted claims. Amounts accrued, as well as the total amount of
reasonably possible losses with respect to such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not deemed to be material to the consolidated financial statements.    (20)     Segment Reporting     Segment and
Geographic Information    Hasbro is a global play and entertainment company with a broad portfolio of brands and entertainment
properties spanning toys, games, licensed products ranging from traditional to high-tech and digital, and film and television entertainment. The Company’s segments are (i) U.S. and Canada, (ii) International, (iii) Entertainment and
Licensing, and (iv) Global Operations.  
      87  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        The U.S. and Canada segment includes the marketing and selling of action figures, arts and crafts and creative play products, electronic toys and related electronic interactive products, fashion and other dolls,
infant products, play sets, preschool toys, plush products, sports action blasters and accessories, vehicles and  toy-related  specialty products, as well as traditional board games, and trading card and
role-playing games primarily within the United States and Canada. Within the International segment, the Company markets and sells both toy and game products in markets outside of the U.S. and Canada, primarily in the European, Asia Pacific, and
Latin and South American regions. The Company’s Entertainment and Licensing segment includes the Company’s consumer products licensing, digital gaming, movie and television entertainment operations. The Global Operations segment is
responsible for sourcing finished products for the Company’s U.S. and Canada and International segments.    Segment performance is
measured at the operating profit level. Included in Corporate and eliminations are certain corporate expenses, including the elimination of intersegment transactions and certain assets benefiting more than one segment. Intersegment sales and
transfers are reflected in management reports at amounts approximating cost. Certain shared costs, including global development and marketing expenses and corporate administration, are allocated to segments based upon expenses and foreign exchange
rates fixed at the beginning of the year, with adjustments to actual expenses and foreign exchange rates included in Corporate and eliminations. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those referenced in note 1.  
 Results shown for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily those which would be achieved if each segment was an unaffiliated business
enterprise.    Information by segment and a reconciliation to reported amounts are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Revenues from External Customers 
   
    
 Affiliate Revenue 
   
   
 Operating Profit (Loss) 
   
   
 Depreciation and Amortization 
   
    
 Capital Additions 
   
    
 Total Assets 
   


 
   2017 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,690,527 
   
    
   
 8,157 
   
   
   
 509,942 
   
   
   
 19,457 
   
    
   
 5,849 
   
    
   
 2,749,384 
   
 
   International 
    
   
 2,233,579 
   
    
   
 382 
   
   
   
 228,669 
   
   
   
 9,527 
   
    
   
 4,669 
   
    
   
 2,499,985 
   
 
   Entertainment and 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Licensing 
    
   
 285,579 
   
    
   
 21,889 
   
   
   
 96,400 
   
   
   
 5,526 
   
    
   
 7,637 
   
    
   
 626,193 
   
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 97 
   
    
   
 1,644,650 
   
   
   
 4,014 
   
   
   
 92,595 
   
    
   
 89,619 
   
    
   
 2,819,768 
   
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (1,675,078 
 )  
   
   
 (28,666 
 )  
   
   
 44,731 
   
    
   
 27,103 
   
    
   
 (3,405,347 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 5,209,782 
   
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 810,359 
   
   
   
 171,836 
   
    
   
 134,877 
   
    
   
 5,289,983 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2016 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,559,907 
   
    
   
 7,091 
   
   
   
 522,287 
   
   
   
 12,764 
   
    
   
 8,107 
   
    
   
 2,559,792 
   
 
   International 
    
   
 2,194,651 
   
    
   
 1,908 
   
   
   
 294,497 
   
   
   
 20,768 
   
    
   
 7,258 
   
    
   
 2,368,761 
   
 
   Entertainment and 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Licensing 
    
   
 265,205 
   
    
   
 23,220 
   
   
   
 49,876 
   
   
   
 9,869 
   
    
   
 13,072 
   
    
   
 692,898 
   
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 59 
   
    
   
 1,617,370 
   
   
   
 19,440 
   
   
   
 78,249 
   
    
   
 89,051 
   
    
   
 2,326,566 
   
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (1,649,589 
 )  
   
   
 (98,052 
 )  
   
   
 32,820 
   
    
   
 37,412 
   
    
   
 (2,856,651 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 5,019,822 
   
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 788,048 
   
   
   
 154,470 
   
    
   
 154,900 
   
    
   
 5,091,366 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Canada 
    
 $ 
 2,225,518 
   
    
   
 5,339 
   
   
   
 430,707 
   
   
   
 14,946 
   
    
   
 3,508 
   
    
   
 2,654,270 
   
 
   International 
    
   
 1,971,875 
   
    
   
 15 
   
   
   
 255,365 
   
   
   
 20,434 
   
    
   
 7,029 
   
    
   
 2,345,847 
   
 
   Entertainment and 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Licensing 
    
   
 244,685 
   
    
   
 23,144 
   
   
   
 76,868 
   
   
   
 16,251 
   
    
   
 387 
   
    
   
 567,753 
   
 
   Global Operations(a) 
    
   
 5,431 
   
    
   
 1,583,665 
   
   
   
 12,022 
   
   
   
 70,794 
   
    
   
 83,304 
   
    
   
 2,410,142 
   
 
   Corporate and eliminations(b) 
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (1,612,163 
 )  
   
   
 (83,029 
 )  
   
   
 32,902 
   
    
   
 47,794 
   
    
   
 (3,257,295 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated Total 
    
 $ 
 4,447,509 
   
    
   
 — 
   
   
   
 691,933 
   
   
   
 155,327 
   
    
   
 142,022 
   
    
   
 4,720,717 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      88  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)      
   
 
 
 (a) 
 The Global Operations segment derives substantially all of its revenues, and thus its operating results, from intersegment activities.  
 
 
 (b) 
 Certain long-term assets, including property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles, which benefit multiple operating segments, are included in Corporate and
eliminations. Allocations of certain expenses related to these assets to the individual operating segments are done at the beginning of the year based on budgeted amounts. Any differences between actual and budgeted amounts are reflected in
Corporate and eliminations. Furthermore, Corporate and eliminations includes elimination of inter-company income statement transactions. One such example includes licensing and service arrangements with affiliates. Payments received in advance from
affiliates are recognized as revenue and eliminated in consolidation as earned and payment becomes assured over the life of the contract. During 2017 and 2016, affiliate licensing and service fees of $298,693 and $283,078, respectively, that were
received in 2016 and 2015, respectively, were recognized as revenue and eliminated in consolidation. Corporate and eliminations also includes the elimination of inter-company balance sheet amounts.  
 The following table represents consolidated International segment net revenues by major geographic region for the three fiscal years ended
December 31, 2017.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Europe 
    
 $ 
 1,381,949 
   
    
   
 1,404,478 
   
    
   
 1,236,846 
   
 
   Latin America 
    
   
 485,088 
   
    
   
 463,638 
   
    
   
 426,109 
   
 
   Asia Pacific 
    
   
 366,542 
   
    
   
 326,535 
   
    
   
 308,920 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 2,233,579 
   
    
   
 2,194,651 
   
    
   
 1,971,875 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The following table presents consolidated net revenues by brand portfolio for the three fiscal years ended
December 31, 2017.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Franchise brands 
    
 $ 
 2,567,962 
   
    
   
 2,327,668 
   
    
   
 2,285,414 
   
 
   Partner brands 
    
   
 1,271,597 
   
    
   
 1,412,770 
   
    
   
 1,101,305 
   
 
   Hasbro gaming 
    
   
 893,019 
   
    
   
 813,433 
   
    
   
 662,319 
   
 
   Emerging brands 
    
   
 477,204 
   
    
   
 465,951 
   
    
   
 398,471 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 5,209,782 
   
    
   
 5,019,822 
   
    
   
 4,447,509 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Information as to Hasbro’s operations in different geographical areas is presented below on the basis the
Company uses to manage its business. Net revenues are categorized based on location of the customer, while long-lived assets (property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles) are categorized based on their location.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Net revenues 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 2,732,034 
   
    
   
 2,575,696 
   
    
   
 2,278,613 
   
 
   International 
    
   
 2,477,748 
   
    
   
 2,444,126 
   
    
   
 2,168,896 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 5,209,782 
   
    
   
 5,019,822 
   
    
   
 4,447,509 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-lived assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
   
 894,597 
   
    
   
 933,848 
   
    
   
 932,790 
   
 
   International 
    
   
 155,558 
   
    
   
 150,054 
   
    
   
 178,239 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,050,155 
   
    
   
 1,083,902 
   
    
   
 1,111,029 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Principal international markets include Europe, Canada, Mexico and Latin America, Australia, and Hong Kong.
Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, goodwill and other intangibles.  
      89  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        Other Information    Hasbro markets its products primarily to customers in
the retail sector. Although the Company closely monitors the creditworthiness of its customers, adjusting credit policies and limits as deemed appropriate, a substantial portion of its customers’ ability to discharge amounts owed is generally
dependent upon the overall retail economic environment.    Sales to the Company’s three largest customers,  Wal-Mart  Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation, amounted to 19%, 9% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated net revenues during 2017, 18%, 9% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated net
revenues during 2016 and 16%, 9% and 9%, respectively, of consolidated net revenues during 2015. These sales were primarily within the U.S. and Canada segment.    Hasbro purchases certain components used in its manufacturing process and certain finished products from manufacturers in the Far East. The Company’s reliance on external sources of manufacturing can be
shifted, over a period of time, to alternative sources of supply for products it sells, should such changes be necessary. However, if the Company were prevented from obtaining products from a substantial number of its current Far East suppliers due
to political, labor or other factors beyond its control, the Company’s operations would be disrupted, potentially for a significant period of time, while alternative sources of product were secured. The imposition of trade sanctions, quotas or
other protectionist measures by the United States or the European Union against a class of products imported by Hasbro from, or the loss of “normal trade relations” status with, China could significantly increase the cost of the
Company’s products imported into the United States or Europe.    The Company has agreements which allow it to develop and market
products based on properties owned by third parties including its license with Marvel Entertainment, LLC and Marvel Characters B.V. (together “Marvel”) and its license with Lucas Licensing Ltd. and Lucasfilm Ltd. (together
“Lucas”). These licenses have multi-year terms and provide the Company with the right to market and sell designated classes of products based on Marvel’s portfolio of brands, including
 SPIDER-MAN  and THE AVENGERS, and Lucas’s STAR WARS brand. Hasbro’s net revenues from these licenses can be significant in any given year based on the level of third party entertainment. Both Marvel
and Lucas are owned by The Walt Disney Company.  
      90  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  HASBRO, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements — (Continued)    (Thousands of Dollars and Shares Except Per Share Data)        (21)     Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Quarter 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 First 
   
    
 Second 
   
    
 Third 
   
    
 Fourth 
   
   
 Full Year 
   


 
   2017 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 849,663 
   
    
   
 972,506 
   
    
   
 1,791,502 
   
    
   
 1,596,111 
   
   
   
 5,209,782 
   
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 78,343 
   
    
   
 99,984 
   
    
   
 360,944 
   
    
   
 271,088 
   
   
   
 810,359 
   
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 70,837 
   
    
   
 86,886 
   
    
   
 349,841 
   
    
   
 278,586 
   
   
   
 786,150 
   
 
   Net earnings (loss) 
    
   
 68,599 
   
    
   
 67,723 
   
    
   
 265,583 
   
    
   
 (5,298 
 )  
   
   
 396,607 
   
 
   Net earnings (loss) attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 68,599 
   
    
   
 67,723 
   
    
   
 265,583 
   
    
   
 (5,298 
 )  
   
   
 396,607 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings (loss) attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
   
 0.54 
   
    
   
 2.12 
   
    
   
 (0.04 
 )  
   
   
 3.17 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 0.54 
   
    
   
 0.53 
   
    
   
 2.09 
   
    
   
 (0.04 
 )  
   
   
 3.12 
   
 
   Market price 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   High 
    
 $ 
 101.08 
   
    
   
 113.49 
   
    
   
 116.20 
   
    
   
 99.17 
   
   
   
 116.20 
   
 
   Low 
    
   
 77.20 
   
    
   
 94.76 
   
    
   
 91.57 
   
    
   
 87.92 
   
   
   
 77.20 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 0.57 
   
    
   
 0.57 
   
    
   
 0.57 
   
    
   
 0.57 
   
   
   
 2.28 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2016 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net revenues 
    
 $ 
 831,180 
   
    
   
 878,945 
   
    
   
 1,679,757 
   
    
   
 1,629,940 
   
   
   
 5,019,822 
   
 
   Operating profit 
    
   
 85,916 
   
    
   
 84,874 
   
    
   
 362,101 
   
    
   
 255,157 
   
   
   
 788,048 
   
 
   Earnings before income taxes 
    
   
 59,213 
   
    
   
 67,020 
   
    
   
 346,324 
   
    
   
 219,932 
   
   
   
 692,489 
   
 
   Net earnings 
    
   
 46,971 
   
    
   
 49,419 
   
    
   
 256,162 
   
    
   
 180,599 
   
   
   
 533,151 
   
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
   
 48,751 
   
    
   
 52,106 
   
    
   
 257,798 
   
    
   
 192,725 
   
   
   
 551,380 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Per common share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net earnings attributable to Hasbro, Inc. 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.39 
   
    
   
 0.42 
   
    
   
 2.05 
   
    
   
 1.54 
   
   
   
 4.40 
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 0.38 
   
    
   
 0.41 
   
    
   
 2.03 
   
    
   
 1.52 
   
   
   
 4.34 
   
 
   Market price 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   High 
    
 $ 
 79.40 
   
    
   
 88.53 
   
    
   
 87.00 
   
    
   
 87.96 
   
   
   
 88.53 
   
 
   Low 
    
   
 65.52 
   
    
   
 77.44 
   
    
   
 76.80 
   
    
   
 76.14 
   
   
   
 65.52 
   
 
   Cash dividends declared 
    
 $ 
 0.51 
   
    
   
 0.51 
   
    
   
 0.51 
   
    
   
 0.51 
   
   
   
 2.04 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   (22)     Subsequent Event   
 On February 13, 2018, the U.S. Treasury Department (“Treasury Department”) and the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) issued
additional guidance on specific aspects of the Tax Act, as discussed in more detail below. The Company will account for this guidance in the period it was issued. This guidance impacts certain positions previously taken with respect to tax amounts
recorded in our consolidated financial statements. We will adjust such amounts to reflect this guidance in our consolidated financial statements for the period ending April 1, 2018. We estimate the impact to be a
 one-time  tax expense of approximately $48,000 that will reverse certain discrete benefits recorded in 2017 as well as increase our provisional deemed repatriation tax liability. In addition, our net deemed
repatriation tax on the Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2017 will also be impacted by these adjustments. However, additional guidance may be issued requiring adjustments to this estimated amount and provisional amounts
recorded which may materially impact our provision for income taxes in the period in which the adjustments are made.    The guidance issued
by the Treasury Department and IRS announced modifications to procedures for changing the accounting period of foreign corporations owned by U.S. shareholders that are subject to the deemed repatriation tax under the Tax Act. Revenue Procedure  2018-17  (the “Rev. Proc.) prevents changes to the annual accounting periods of certain foreign corporations in 2017 under either the existing automatic or general procedures if such change could result in the
avoidance, reduction, or delay of the deemed Repatriation Tax.  
      91  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
   None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures.   
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule  13a-15(e)  promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”),
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission’s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2017. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.    Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting    The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as defined in Rule  13a-15(f)  promulgated under the Exchange Act. Hasbro’s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Hasbro’s management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2017. In making its assessment, Hasbro’s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework
(2013)”. Based on this assessment, Hasbro’s management concluded that, as of December 31, 2017, its internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Hasbro’s independent registered public accounting
firm has issued an audit report on internal control over financial reporting, which is included herein.  
      92  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors    Hasbro, Inc.:
   Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    We have audited Hasbro, Inc.’s (and subsidiaries ’ ) (the “Company”) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in   Internal
Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of
the Company and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive earnings, cash flows and shareholders’ equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests for
each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2017, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II (collectively, the “consolidated financial statements”), and our report dated February 26, 2018
expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.    Basis for Opinion  
 The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    /s/ KPMG    Providence, Rhode Island    February 26, 2018  
      93  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Changes in Internal Controls  
 There were no changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule
 13a-15(f)  promulgated under the Exchange Act, during the quarter ended December 31, 2017, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal controls
over financial reporting.      
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information.   
 None.  
      94  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART III      
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.   
 Certain of the information required by this item is contained under the captions “Election of Directors”, “Governance of the
Company” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
 The information required by this item with respect to executive officers of the Company is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form  10-K  under the caption “Executive Officers of the Registrant” and is incorporated herein by reference.    The Company has a Code of Conduct, which is applicable to all of the Company’s employees, officers and directors, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller. A
copy of the Code of Conduct is available on the Company’s website under the Corporate, Investors, Corporate Governance tabs. The Company’s website address is http://www.hasbro.com. Although the Company does not generally intend to provide
waivers of or amendments to the Code of Conduct for its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, or other officers or employees, information concerning any waiver of or amendment to the Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Controller, or any other executive officers or directors of the Company, will be promptly disclosed on the Company’s website in the location where the Code of Conduct is posted.  
 The Company has also posted on its website, in the Corporate Governance location referred to above, copies of its Corporate Governance Principles
and of the charters for its (i) Audit, (ii) Compensation, (iii) Cybersecurity and Data Privacy (iv) Finance, (v) Nominating, Governance and Social Responsibility, and (vi) Executive Committees of its Board of Directors.
   In addition to being accessible on the Company’s website, copies of the Company’s Code of Conduct, Corporate Governance
Principles, and charters for the Company’s six Board Committees, are all available free of charge upon request to the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary, Barbara Finigan, at 1027 Newport Avenue,
P.O. Box 1059, Pawtucket, R.I. 02861-1059.      
 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation.   
 The information required by this item is contained under the captions “Compensation of Directors”, “Executive Compensation”,
“Compensation Committee Report”, “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters.     The information required by this item is contained under the
captions “Voting Securities and Principal Holders Thereof”, “Security Ownership of Management” and “Equity Compensation Plans” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
and is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
   The information required by this item is contained under the captions “Governance of the Company” and
“Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
   
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services.   
 The information required by this item is contained under the caption “Additional Information Regarding Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm” in the Company’s definitive proxy statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.  
      95  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  PART IV      
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.   
 (a) Consolidated Financial Statements, Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits  
 (1)  Consolidated Financial Statements     Included in PART II of this report:    Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm    Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and December 25, 2016  
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2017, 2016 and 2015  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2017, 2016 and 2015  
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2017, 2016 and 2015  
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests for the Three Fiscal Years Ended in
December 2017, 2016 and 2015    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (2)  Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules     Included in PART IV of this report:    For the Three Fiscal Years Ended in December 2017, 2016 and 2015:
   Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts    Schedules other than those listed above are omitted for the reason that they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
Columns omitted from schedules filed have been omitted because the information is not applicable.      
 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form  10-K  Summary   
 Not applicable.  
      96  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 3. 
   
 Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended July 2, 2000, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated June 
28, 2000. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended July 2, 2000,  File No. 
1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 
19, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended June 29, 2003, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(d)
to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2006,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. 
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated August 6, 2014,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated October 5, 2015,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (g) 
    
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated December 10, 2015,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (h) 
    
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Junior Participating Preference Stock of Hasbro, Inc.
 dated June 29, 1999. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended July 2, 2000, File
 No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (i) 
    
 Certificate of Vote(s) authorizing a decrease of class or series of any class of shares. (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended July 2, 2000, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 4. 
   
 Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures. 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of July 
17, 1998, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to Citibank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K
  dated July 14, 1998, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Indenture, dated as of March 
15, 2000, by and between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(b)(i) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1999, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 
17, 2007, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed September 17, 2007, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 
13, 2009, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed May 13, 2009, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 
11, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed March 11, 2010, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 
13, 2014, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York. 
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed May 13, 2014, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (g) 
    
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated September 
13, 2017, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as successor Trustee to the Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Company of New York. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed September 13, 2017, File  No. 1-6682.)   
      97  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 10. 
   
 Material Contracts 
 
 
   
 (a) 
    
 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 
30, 2015, by and among Hasbro, Inc., Hasbro SA, Bank of America, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner 
& Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., RBS Citizens, N.A. and the other banks party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated March 30,
 2015,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (b) 
    
 Increase Supplement added as of August 
24, 2017, by and among Hasbro, Inc., Hasbro SA, Bank of America, N.A., and the lender party hereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed on August 28,
 2017, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (c) 
    
 Form of Commercial Paper Deal Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
 Current Report on Form  8-K  filed January 28, 2011, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (d) 
    
 Form of Issuing and Paying Agent Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s
 Current Report on Form  8-K  filed January 28, 2011, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (e) 
    
 License Agreement, dated February 
17, 2009, by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and  Spider-Man  Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under  Rule 
24b-2  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended March 29, 2009, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (f) 
    
 Amendment, dated September 
27, 2011, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and  Spider-Man  Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment
 under  Rule 24b-2  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(g) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K 
for the period ended December 25, 2011, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (g) 
    
 Amendment, dated December 
15, 2011, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and  Spider-Man  Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment
 under  Rule 24b-2  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K 
for the period ended December 25, 2011, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (h) 
    
 Amendment, dated July 
19, 2013, to License Agreements by and between Hasbro, Inc., Marvel Characters B.V. and  Spider-Man  Merchandising L.P. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment
 under Rule  24b-2  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K 
dated July 25, 2013, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (i) 
    
 Agreement with TOMY Company, Ltd. relating to TRANSFORMERS, as amended to date. (Portions of this agreement
 have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under  Rule 24b-2  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i) to the Company’s
Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the period ended December 25, 2011, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (j) 
    
 Amended and Restated Hub Television Networks LLC Limited Liability Company Agreement, as amended September 23,
 2014, between the Company, Discovery Communications, LLC, Hub Television Networks LLC and Discovery Communications, Inc. (Portions of this agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule  24b-2  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended
September 28, 2014, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements 
 
 
   
 (k) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal
Year Ended December 30, 1990,  File No. 1-6682.)  (P) 
 
 
   
 (l) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated April 
15, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended June 29, 2003, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
   
 (m) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended June 27, 2004,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (n) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Retirement Plan for Directors, dated October 
3, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File  No. 
1-6682.)   
      98  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (o) 
    
 Form of Director’s Indemnification Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to
 the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (p) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for  Non-Employee  Directors. (Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10(cc) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 26, 1993, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
   
 (q) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for  Non-Employee
  Directors, dated April 15, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended June 29, 2003, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (r) 
    
 Second Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for  Non-Employee
  Directors, dated July 17, 2003. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q  for the period ended September 28, 2003, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (s) 
    
 Third Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for  Non-Employee
  Directors, dated December 15, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 25, 2005,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (t) 
    
 Fourth Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for  Non-Employee
  Directors, dated October 3, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(oo) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2007, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (u) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2003 Stock Option Plan for  Non-Employee  Directors.
 (Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (v) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to
 Appendix D to the definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (w) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan. (Incorporated
 by reference to Appendix C to the definitive proxy statement for the Company’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (x) 
    
 Form of 2017 Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan.
 (Applicable to John Frascotti, Deborah Thomas, Duncan Billing and Wiebe Tinga.) (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended
July 2, 2017, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (y) 
    
 Form of 2017 Stock Option Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance Plan
 for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended July 2, 2017, File
 No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (z) 
    
 Form of 2017 Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance
 Plan. (Applicable to John Frascotti, Deborah Thomas, Duncan Billing and Wiebe Tinga.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended
July 2, 2017, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (aa) 
    
 Form of 2017 Contingent Stock Performance Award under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance
 Plan for Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended July 2, 2017, File
 No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (bb) 
    
 Form of 2017 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Hasbro, Inc. Restated 2003 Stock Incentive Performance
 Plan. (Applicable to John Frascotti, Deborah Thomas, Duncan Billing, Wiebe Tinga.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended
July 2, 2017, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (cc) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10(aaa) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year ended December 28, 2008, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (dd) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2014 Senior Management Annual Performance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to
 Appendix F to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ee) 
    
 First Amendment to Hasbro, Inc. 2014 Senior Management Annual Performance Plan. (Incorporated
 by reference to Appendix E to the Company’s definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
   
 (ff) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. 2017 Performance Rewards Program. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
 Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended April 2, 2017, File  No. 1-6682.)   
      99  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
   
   
    
   


 
 
   
 (gg) 
    
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 
4, 2012, between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated as of October 11, 2012, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (hh) 
    
 Amendment, dated August 
5, 2014, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, between the Company and Brian Goldner. 
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated as of August 6, 2014, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (ii) 
    
 Amendment, dated December 
15, 2016, to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Company and Brian Goldner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated as of December 20,
 2016, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (jj) 
    
 Letter Agreement between the Company and Wiebe Tinga, dated March 
4, 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended March 31, 2013, file  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 
   
 (kk) 
    
 Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld dated August 
30, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  for the period ended September 25, 2005, File  No. 
1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (ll) 
    
 Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan 
Hassenfeld. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(hhh) to the Company’s Annual Report  on Form 10-K for  the Fiscal Year Ended December 
28, 2008, File  No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (mm) 
    
 Second Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan 
Hassenfeld. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ggg) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 27, 2009, File  No. 
1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (nn) 
    
 Third Amendment to Chairmanship Agreement between the Company and Alan Hassenfeld effective as of November 1,
 2013. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(yy) to the Company’s Annual Report on Form  10-K  for the Fiscal Year Ended December 29, 2013, File No.
 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (oo) 
    
 Form of 2017  Non-Competition,   Non-Solicitation
  and Confidentiality Agreement. (Applicable to John Frascotti, Deborah Thomas, Duncan Billing and Wiebe Tinga.) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q  for the period ended July 2, 2017,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (pp) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan for Designated Senior Executives. (Incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  filed May 23, 2011,  File No. 1-6682.)   
 
 
   
 (qq) 
    
 Hasbro, Inc. Clawback Policy. 
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form  8-K  dated as of October 11, 2012, File  No. 1-6682.) 
 
 
 12. 
   
 
    
 Statement re computation of ratios.  
 
 21. 
   
 
    
 Subsidiaries of the registrant.  
 
 23. 
   
 
    
 Consent of KPMG LLP.  
 
 31.1 
   
 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule  13a-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 
 
 31.2 
   
 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule  13a-14(a)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 
 
 32.1* 
   
 
    
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule  13a-14(b)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 
 
 32.2* 
   
 
    
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule  13a-14(b)  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 
 
 101.INS 
   
 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
   
 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
     
 
 
 * 
 Furnished herewith.    The Company agrees to furnish
the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of each agreement with respect to long-term debt of the Company, the authorized principal amount of which does not exceed 10% of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis.  
      100  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Schedule II–Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 Fiscal Years Ended in December  
 (Thousands of Dollars)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at Beginning of Year 
   
    
 Expense (Benefit) 
   
    
 Other Additions 
   
    
 Write-Offs and Other 
   
   
 Balance at End of Year 
   


 
   Valuation accounts deducted from assets to which they apply — for doubtful accounts receivable: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2017 
    
 $ 
 16,800 
   
    
   
 23,300 
   
    
   
   — 
   
    
   
 (8,700 
 )  
   
 $ 
 31,400 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 14,900 
   
    
   
 19,500 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (17,600 
 )  
   
 $ 
 16,800 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 15,900 
   
    
   
 2,400 
   
    
   
 — 
   
    
   
 (3,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,900 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      101  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.    HASBRO, INC.    (Registrant)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   By: 
   
 /s/ Brian D. Goldner 
   
 Date: February 26, 2018 
 
 
   
 Brian D. Goldner 
   
 
 
 
   
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
   
 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Brian D. Goldner 
 Brian D. Goldner 
    
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Deborah M. Thomas   Deborah M. Thomas 
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Kenneth A. Bronfin   Kenneth A. Bronfin 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael R. Burns 
 Michael R. Burns 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Hope F. Cochran 
 Hope F. Cochran 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Sir Crispin Davis   Sir Crispin Davis 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Lisa Gersh 
 Lisa Gersh 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Alan G. Hassenfeld   Alan G. Hassenfeld 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Tracy A. Leinbach   Tracy A. Leinbach 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Edward M. Philip 
 Edward M. Philip 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Richard S. Stoddart   Richard S. Stoddart 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Mary Beth West 
 Mary Beth West 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Linda K. Zecher 
 Linda K. Zecher 
    
 Director 
   
 February 26, 2018 
 
      102  

 

 
 
 
