
 10-K
 1
 a2217723z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


 

    

   
    

 UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549    FORM 10-K   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (MARK ONE) 
   
   
 
 
 ý 
   
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  OR 
 
 
 o 
   
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013   
 
 
 
  
   Commission file number 001-35565   

 AbbVie Inc.   

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Delaware 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
   
  32-0375147 
(I.R.S. employer 
identification number) 
 
 
 1 North Waukegan Road 
North Chicago, Illinois 60064-6400 
(Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (847) 932-7900 
(telephone number) 
 
 
 


          Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of Each Class  
   
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  
 
 
 Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
Chicago Stock Exchange 
 
 
 


          Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  

 Yes  ý         No  o 
 

          Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.  

 Yes  o         No  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.  

 Yes  ý         No  o 
 

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).  

 Yes  ý         No  o 
 

          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  ý   

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large Accelerated Filer  ý 
   
  Accelerated Filer  o 
   
  Non-accelerated Filer  o   (Do not check if a 
smaller reporting company) 
   
  Smaller Reporting Company  o 
 
 
 
  
           Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  

 Yes  o         No  ý 
 

          The aggregate market value of the 1,569,592,282 shares of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as
reported on the New York Stock Exchange, as of the last business day of AbbVie Inc.'s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2013), was $64,886,944,938. AbbVie has no
non-voting common equity.  

          Number
of common shares outstanding as of January 31, 2014: 1,588,518,764  

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

          Portions of the 2014 AbbVie Inc. Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part III. The Proxy Statement will be filed on or about
March 24, 2014.    
      
 
   
 
  
   

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
   
   PART I          


   
       ITEM 1.    BUSINESS          

  Separation from Abbott Laboratories   

         On January 1, 2013, AbbVie(1) became an independent company as a result of the distribution by Abbott Laboratories (Abbott) of
100 percent of the outstanding common stock of AbbVie to Abbott's shareholders. Each Abbott shareholder of record as of the close of business on December 12, 2012 (the Record Date)
received one share of AbbVie common stock for each Abbott common share held as of the Record Date.  


         AbbVie
was incorporated in Delaware on April 10, 2012 to hold Abbott's former research-based pharmaceuticals business. AbbVie's common stock began trading "regular-way" under the
ticker symbol "ABBV" on the New York Stock Exchange on January 2, 2013.  

  Overview   

         AbbVie is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company. AbbVie develops and markets advanced therapies that address some of the
world's most complex and serious diseases. AbbVie's products are focused on treating conditions such as chronic autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, and Crohn's disease; low
testosterone; HIV; endometriosis; thyroid disease; Parkinson's disease; and complications associated with chronic kidney disease and cystic fibrosis, among other health conditions. AbbVie's pipeline
of promising new medicines includes more than 20 compounds or indications in Phase II or Phase III development across such important medical specialties as immunology, virology,
oncology, renal disease, neurological diseases and women's health.  

  Segments   

         AbbVie operates in one business segment—pharmaceutical products. Incorporated herein by reference is Note 14
entitled "Segment and Geographic Area Information" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and the sales
information related to HUMIRA included under "Results of Operations."  

  Products   

         AbbVie's portfolio of products includes a broad line of therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases.  
      
 
   
   

  
 (1) As
used throughout the text of this report on Form 10-K, the term "AbbVie" refers to AbbVie Inc., a Delaware corporation, or
AbbVie Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, as the context requires.  
 1 

 
 
 
   

         HUMIRA.     HUMIRA is a biologic therapy administered as a subcutaneous injection. It is approved to treat the following autoimmune
diseases in the
United States, Canada, and Mexico (collectively, North America), and in the European Union:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Condition 
   
 Principal Markets 
 
 
   
 
 
 Rheumatoid arthritis (moderate to severe) 
   
 North America, European Union 
 
 
 Psoriatic arthritis 
   
 North America, European Union 
 
 
 Ankylosing spondylitis 
   
 North America, European Union 
 
 
 Crohn's disease (moderate to severe) 
   
 North America, European Union 
 
 
 Plaque psoriasis (moderate to severe) 
   
 North America, European Union 
 
 
 Juvenile idiopathic arthritis 
   
 North America, European Union 
 
 
 Ulcerative colitis (moderate to severe) 
   
 United States, European Union 
 
 
 Axial spondyloarthritis 
   
 European Union 
 
 
 Pediatric Crohn's disease (severe) 
   
 European Union 
 
 
 
  
          HUMIRA
is also approved in over 60 other markets, including Japan, Brazil, and Australia. HUMIRA was introduced to the market in January 2003. HUMIRA accounted for approximately
57 percent of AbbVie's total sales in 2013. The United States composition of matter (that is, compound) patent covering adalimumab (which is sold under the trademark HUMIRA) is expected to
expire in December 2016, and the equivalent European Union patent is expected to expire in the majority of European Union countries in April 2018.  


         AbbVie
continues to dedicate substantial research and development efforts to expanding indications for HUMIRA, including in the fields of rheumatology (pediatric enthesitis related
arthritis), gastroenterology (pediatric Crohn's disease and pediatric ulcerative colitis), dermatology (pediatric psoriasis and hidradenitis suppurativa), and ophthalmology (uveitis).
Phase III trials are ongoing in preparation for regulatory applications for uveitis and hidradenitis suppurativa in the United States and the European Union. AbbVie continues to work on HUMIRA
formulation and delivery enhancements to improve convenience and the overall patient experience.  


         Metabolics/Hormones products.     Metabolic and hormone products target a number of conditions, including hypothyroidism,
testosterone deficiency, and
exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. These products include:  

 

          Synthroid.      Synthroid is used in the treatment of hypothyroidism.  

          AndroGel.      AndroGel is a testosterone replacement therapy for males diagnosed with low testosterone that is available in two strengths:
1 percent and
1.62 percent.  

         Creon.      Creon is a pancreatic enzyme therapy for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, a condition that occurs in patients with cystic
fibrosis, chronic
pancreatitis, and several other conditions.  

 

         AbbVie
has the rights to sell Synthroid, AndroGel, and Creon only in the United States.  

          Virology products.     AbbVie's virology products include two products for the treatment of HIV infection, Kaletra and Norvir.
 

 

         Kaletra.      Kaletra (also marketed as Aluvia in emerging markets) is a prescription anti-HIV-1 medicine that contains two protease
inhibitors: lopinavir and
ritonavir. Kaletra is used with other anti-HIV-1 medications to increase the chance of treatment response in people with HIV-1.  

          Norvir.      Norvir (ritonavir) is a protease inhibitor that is indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment
of HIV-1 infection.  

 
 2 

 
 
 
   

          Endocrinology products.     Lupron (also marketed as Lucrin and Lupron Depot) is a product for the palliative treatment of advanced
prostate cancer,
treatment of endometriosis and central precocious
puberty, and for the preoperative treatment of patients with anemia caused by uterine fibroids. Lupron is approved for daily subcutaneous injection and one-month, three-month, four-month and six-month
intramuscular injection.  

         Dyslipidemia products.     AbbVie's dyslipidemia products address the range of metabolic conditions characterized by high cholesterol
and/or high
triglycerides. TriCor and TRILIPIX are fibric acid derivatives that are indicated as adjuncts to diet to reduce total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglyceride levels, and to increase HDL
cholesterol levels. Niaspan is an extended release form of niacin that is indicated as an adjunct to diet to reduce total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and triglyceride levels, and to increase HDL
cholesterol levels. These products are primarily marketed to primary care physicians. Generic competitors to these products entered the market in 2012 and 2013.  


         Other products.     AbbVie's other products include the following:  

 

          Synagis.      Synagis is a product marketed by AbbVie outside of the United States that protects at-risk infants from severe respiratory
disease, or respiratory
syncytial virus (RSV).  

          Anesthesia products.      Sevoflurane (sold under the trademarks Ultane and Sevorane) is an anesthesia product that AbbVie sells worldwide
for human use.  


         Duodopa and Duopa.      Duodopa is a levodopa-carbidopa intestinal gel (LCIG) marketed outside of the United States to treat advanced
Parkinson's disease. The LCIG therapy
has completed Phase III development for the United States under the name Duopa, and AbbVie is pursuing regulatory approval in the United States.  

          Zemplar.      Zemplar is a product sold worldwide for the prevention and treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with
Stage 3, 4, and 5
chronic kidney disease (CKD).  

 

  Research and Development Activities   

         AbbVie has numerous compounds in clinical development, including potential treatments for complex diseases. Over the past five years,
AbbVie has more than doubled the number of compounds in its pipeline through a mix of internal development and external collaboration efforts. AbbVie's ability to discover and develop new compounds is
enhanced by the company's use of integrated discovery and development project teams, which include chemists, biologists, physicians, and pharmacologists who work on the same compounds as a team.  

         The
research and development process generally begins with discovery research which focuses on the identification of a molecule that has a desired effect against a given disease. If
preclinical testing of an identified compound proves successful, the compound moves into clinical development which generally includes the following
phases: 

 
 
 • Phase I—involves the first human tests in a small number of healthy volunteers or patients to assess
safety, tolerability and potential dosing.  
 • Phase II—tests the drug's efficacy against the disease in a relatively small group of patients.    
 • Phase III—tests a drug that demonstrates favorable results in the earlier phases in a significantly
larger patient population to further demonstrate efficacy and safety based on regulatory criteria.  
 

         The
clinical trials from all of the development phases provide the data required to prepare and submit a New Drug Application (NDA), a Biological License Application (BLA) or other
submission for regulatory approval to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or similar government  

 3 

 
 
 
   

 agencies
outside the U.S. The specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions.  

         The
research and development process from discovery through a new drug launch typically takes 8 to 12 years and can be even longer. The research and development of
new pharmaceutical products has a significant amount of inherent uncertainty. There is no guarantee when, or if, a molecule will receive the regulatory approval required to launch a new drug or
indication.  

         In
addition to the development of new products and new formulations, research and development projects also may include Phase IV trials, sometimes called post-marketing studies.
For such projects, clinical trials are designed and conducted to collect additional data regarding, among other parameters, the benefits and risks of an approved drug.  

         AbbVie
spent approximately $2.9 billion in 2013, $2.8 billion in 2012, and $2.6 billion in 2011 on research to discover and develop new products, indications and
processes and to improve existing products and processes. These expenses consisted primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel, license fees, consulting payments, contract research,
manufacturing, the costs of laboratory equipment and facilities, and collaboration fees and expenses.  


  Intellectual Property Protection and Regulatory Exclusivity   

         Generally, upon approval, products in development may be entitled to exclusivity under applicable intellectual property and regulatory
regimes. AbbVie seeks patent protection, where available, in all significant markets and/or countries for each product in development. In the United States, the expiration date for patents filed on or
after June 8, 1995 is 20 years after the filing date. Given that patents relating to pharmaceutical products are often obtained early in the development process, and given the amount of
time needed to complete clinical trials and other development activities required for regulatory approval, the length of time between product launch and patent expiration is significantly less than
20 years. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (commonly known as the Hatch-Waxman Act) permits a patent holder to seek a patent extension, commonly called a
"patent term restoration," for patents on products (or processes for making the product) regulated by the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. The length of the patent extension is roughly based on
50 percent of the period of time from the filing of an Investigational New Drug Application for a compound to the submission of the NDA for such compound, plus 100 percent of the time
period from NDA submission to regulatory approval. The extension, however, cannot exceed five years and the patent term remaining after regulatory approval cannot exceed 14 years.  


         Pharmaceutical
products may be entitled to other forms of legal or regulatory exclusivity upon approval. The scope, length, and requirements for each of these exclusivities varies both
in the United States and in other jurisdictions. In the United States, if the FDA approves a product that does not contain a previously approved active ingredient, the product is typically entitled to
five years of market exclusivity. Other products may be entitled to three years of market exclusivity if approval was based on the FDA's reliance on new clinical studies submitted by the NDA
applicant. If the NDA applicant studies the product for use by children, the FDA may grant pediatric exclusivity, which extends by 180 days the longest existing exclusivity (patent or
regulatory) related to the product. For products that are either used to treat conditions that afflict a relatively small population or for which there is not a reasonable expectation that the
research and development costs will be recovered, the FDA may designate the pharmaceutical as an orphan drug and grant it seven years of market exclusivity.  

         Applicable
laws and regulations dictate the market exclusivity to which the product is entitled upon its approval in any particular country. In certain instances, regulatory exclusivity
may protect a product where patent protection is no longer available or for a period of time in excess of patent protection. It is not possible to estimate for each product in development the total
period of exclusivity to which it may become entitled until regulatory approval is obtained. However, given the length of time required  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 to
complete clinical development of a pharmaceutical product, the minimum and maximum periods of exclusivity that might be achieved in any individual case would not be expected to exceed three and
14 years, respectively. These estimates do not consider other factors, such as the difficulty of recreating the manufacturing process for a particular product or other proprietary knowledge
that may delay the introduction of a generic or other follow-on product after the expiration of applicable patent and other regulatory exclusivity periods.  


         Biologics
such as HUMIRA are entitled to exclusivity under the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act, which was passed on March 23, 2010 as Title VII to the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act. The law provides a pathway for approval of biosimilars following the expiration of 12 years of exclusivity for the innovator biologic and a potential
additional 180 day-extension term for conducting pediatric studies. The law also includes an extensive process for the innovator biologic and biosimilar manufacturer to litigate patent
infringement, validity, and enforceability prior to the approval of the biosimilar. The European Union has also created a pathway for approval of biosimilars and has published guidelines for approval
of certain biosimilar products. The more complex nature of biologics and biosimilar products has led to greater regulatory scrutiny and more rigorous requirements for approval of follow-on biosimilar
products than for small molecule generic pharmaceutical products, and it has also reduced the effect of biosimilars on sales of the innovator biologic as compared to the sales erosion caused by
generic versions of small molecule pharmaceutical products.  

         AbbVie
owns or has licensed rights to a substantial number of patents and patent applications. AbbVie licenses or owns a patent portfolio of thousands of patent families, each of which
includes United States patent applications and/or issued patents, and may also contain the non-United States counterparts to these patents and applications.  


         These
patents and applications, including various patents that expire during the period 2014 to 2031, in aggregate are believed to be of material importance in the operation of AbbVie's
business. However, AbbVie believes that no single patent, license, trademark (or related group of patents, licenses, or trademarks), except for those related to adalimumab (which is sold under the
trademark HUMIRA), are material in relation to the company's business as a whole. The United States composition of matter (that is, compound) patent covering adalimumab is expected to expire in
December 2016, and the equivalent European Union patent is expected to expire in the majority of European Union countries in April 2018.  


         In
addition, the following patents, licenses, and trademarks are significant: those related to lopinavir/ritonavir (which is sold under the trademarks Kaletra and Aluvia), and those
related to testosterone (which is sold under the trademark AndroGel). The United States composition of matter patent covering lopinavir is expected to expire in 2016. A principal United States
non-composition of matter patent covering lopinavir/ritonavir is expected to expire in 2016. The principal United States non-composition of matter patent covering AndroGel 1 percent is expected
to expire in 2021, including pediatric exclusivity. The principal United States non-composition of matter patents covering AndroGel 1.62 percent are expected to expire in 2020 and 2026.
Agreements that may affect exclusivity are discussed in Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of Operations."  

         AbbVie
may rely, in some circumstances, on trade secrets to protect its technology. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. AbbVie seeks to protect its technology and product
candidates, in part, by confidentiality agreements with its employees, consultants, advisors, contractors, and collaborators. These agreements may be breached and AbbVie may not have adequate remedies
for any breach. In addition, AbbVie's trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that AbbVie's employees, consultants, advisors, contractors,
and collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for the company, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions.  

 5 

 
 
 
   

  Sales, Marketing, and Distribution Capabilities   

         In 2013, AbbVie's products were sold in over 170 countries. AbbVie utilizes a combination of dedicated commercial resources, regional
commercial resources and distributorships to market, sell, and distribute its products worldwide.  


         In
the United States, AbbVie distributes pharmaceutical products principally through independent wholesale distributors, with some sales directly to pharmacies and patients. In 2013,
three wholesale distributors (McKesson Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc., and AmerisourceBergen Corporation) accounted for substantially all of AbbVie's sales in the United States. No
individual wholesaler accounts for greater than 40 percent of AbbVie's 2013 gross sales in the United States. These wholesalers purchase product from AbbVie under standard terms and conditions
of sale.  

         AbbVie
directs its primary marketing efforts toward securing the prescription, or recommendation, of its brand of products by physicians, key opinion leaders, and other health care
providers. Managed care providers (for example, health maintenance organizations and pharmacy benefit managers), hospitals, and state and federal government agencies (for example, the United States
Department of Veterans Affairs and the United States Department of Defense) are also important customers. AbbVie also markets directly to consumers themselves, although in the United States all of the
company's products must be sold pursuant to a prescription. Outside of the United States, AbbVie focuses its marketing efforts on key opinion leaders, payors, physicians, and country regulatory
bodies. AbbVie also provides patient support programs closely related to its products.  

         AbbVie's
products are generally sold worldwide directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies, and independent retailers from
AbbVie-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. Approximately
55-60 percent of sales outside the United States are made through wholesalers or distributors. No wholesaler or distributor outside the United States accounts for more than 3 percent of
AbbVie's sales. Certain products are co-marketed or co-promoted with other companies. AbbVie has no single customer that, if the customer were lost, would have a material adverse effect on the
company's business.  


         No
material portion of AbbVie's business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts at the election of the government.  

 

  Third Party Agreements   

 

         AbbVie has agreements with third parties for process development, analytical services, and manufacturing of certain products. AbbVie
procures certain products and services from a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, a single supply source. For example, the filling and packaging of HUMIRA syringes to be sold outside of
the United States and Puerto Rico is performed by a single supplier at its two different facilities. AbbVie does not currently believe that this agreement is material because AbbVie's business is not
substantially dependent upon it. AbbVie maintains significant inventory of HUMIRA syringes to reduce the risk of any supply disruption and its own syringe-filling and packaging facility in the United
States is now approved to supply syringes to primary markets outside of the United States and Puerto Rico. It was previously approved to provide product only to the United States and Puerto Rico. In
addition, AbbVie has agreements with third parties for active pharmaceutical ingredient and product manufacturing, formulation and development services, fill, finish, and packaging services, and
distribution and logistics services for certain products. AbbVie does not believe that these manufacturing related agreements are material because AbbVie's business is not substantially dependent on
any individual agreement. In most cases, AbbVie maintains alternate supply relationships that it can utilize without undue disruption of its manufacturing processes if a third party fails to perform
its contractual obligations. AbbVie also maintains sufficient inventory of product to minimize the impact of any supply disruption.  

 6 

 
 
 
   

         AbbVie
also has collaboration agreements, as discussed in Note 5, "Acquisitions, Collaborations and Other Arrangements," of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and has
certain agreements with Abbott.  

 

  Sources and Availability of Raw Materials   

 

         AbbVie purchases, in the ordinary course of business, raw materials and supplies essential to its operations from numerous suppliers
around the world, including in the United States. In addition, certain medical devices and components necessary for the manufacture of our products are provided by unaffiliated third party suppliers.
AbbVie has not experienced any recent significant availability problems or supply shortages.  

 

  Orders   

 

         Orders are generally filled on a current basis, and order backlog is not material to AbbVie's business.  

 

  Environmental Matters   

 

         AbbVie believes that its operations comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations concerning environmental
protection. Regulations under federal and state environmental laws impose stringent limitations on emissions and discharges to the environment from various manufacturing operations. AbbVie's capital
and operating expenditures for pollution control in 2013 were approximately $2 million and $20 million, respectively. Capital and operating expenditures for pollution control in 2014 are
estimated to be approximately $2 million and $21 million, respectively.  


         Abbott
was identified as one of many potentially responsible parties in investigations and/or remediations at several locations in the United States, including Puerto Rico, under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund. Some of these locations were transferred to AbbVie in connection with the separation and
distribution, and AbbVie has become a party to these investigations and remediations. Abbott was also engaged in remediation at several other sites, some of which have been transferred to AbbVie in
connection with the separation and distribution, in cooperation with the Environmental Protection Agency or similar agencies. While it is not feasible to predict with certainty the final costs related
to those investigations and remediation activities, AbbVie believes that such costs, together with other expenditures to maintain compliance with applicable laws and regulations concerning
environmental protection, should not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, cash flows, or results of operations.  

  Competition   

         The markets for AbbVie's products are highly competitive. AbbVie competes with other research-based pharmaceuticals and biotechnology
companies that discover, manufacture, market, and sell proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. For example, HUMIRA competes with a number of anti-TNF and other products that are approved
for a number of disease states and AbbVie's virology products compete with protease inhibitors and other anti-HIV treatments. The search for technological innovations in pharmaceutical products is a
significant aspect
of competition. The introduction of new products by competitors and changes in medical practices and procedures can result in product obsolescence. Price is also a competitive factor. In addition, the
substitution of generic pharmaceutical products for branded pharmaceutical products creates competitive pressures on AbbVie's products that do not have patent protection.  

          Biosimilars.     Competition for AbbVie's biologic products is affected by the approval of follow-on biologics, also known as
"biosimilars." Biologics
have added major therapeutic options for the  

 7 

 
 
 
   

 treatment
of many diseases, including some for which therapies were unavailable or inadequate. The advent of biologics has also raised complex regulatory issues and significant pharmacoeconomic
concerns because the cost of developing and producing biologic therapies is typically dramatically higher than for conventional (small molecule) medications, and because many expensive biologic
medications are used for ongoing treatment of chronic diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis or inflammatory bowel disease, or for the treatment of previously untreatable cancer. Significant
investments in biologics infrastructure and manufacturing are necessary to produce biologic products, as are significant investments in marketing, distribution, and sales organization activities,
which may limit the number of biosimilar competitors.  

         In
the United States, the FDA regulates biologics under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, and implementing regulations. While the enactment of
federal health care reform legislation in March 2010 was meant to provide a pathway for approval of biosimilars under the Public Health Service Act, recent regulatory guidance suggests that the
approval process for biosimilars will be far more extensive than the approval process for generic or other follow-on versions of small molecule products, in order to ensure that the safety and
efficacy of biosimilars is highly similar to that of an original biologic, such as HUMIRA. Ultimate approval by the FDA is dependent upon many factors, including a showing that the biosimilar is
"highly similar" to the original product and has no clinically meaningful differences from the original product in terms of safety, purity, and potency. The types of data that could ordinarily be
required in an application to show similarity would include analytical data and studies to demonstrate chemical similarity, animal studies (including toxicity studies), and clinical studies.
Applicable regulations also require that the biosimilar must be for the same indication as the original biologic and involve the same mechanism of action, and that the manufacturing facility meets the
standards necessary to assure that the biosimilar is safe, pure, and potent.  


         Furthermore,
the new law provides that only a biosimilar product that is deemed to be "interchangeable" may be substituted for the original biologic product without the intervention of
the health care provider who prescribed the original biologic product. To prove that a biosimilar product is interchangeable, the applicant must demonstrate that the product can be expected to produce
the same
clinical results as the original biologic product in any given patient, and if the product is administered more than once in a patient, that safety risks and potential for diminished efficacy of
alternating or switching between the use of the interchangeable biosimilar biologic product and the original biologic product is no greater than the risk of using the original biologic product without
switching. The new law is only beginning to be interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning will likely be subject to substantial uncertainty
for years to come.  

         In
the European Union, while a pathway for the approval of biosimilars has existed since 2005, the products that have come to market to date have had a mixed impact on the market share
of incumbent products, with significant variation by product.  

          Other Competitive Products.     Although a number of competitive biologic branded products have been approved since HUMIRA was first
introduced in 2003,
most have gained only a modest share of the worldwide market. In addition, the first JAK inhibitor, part of a new class of orally administered products, was recently approved for use in rheumatoid
arthritis in the U.S. AbbVie will continue to face competitive pressure from these biologics and orally administered products.  

  Regulation—Discovery and Clinical Development   

          United States.     Securing approval to market a new pharmaceutical product in the United States requires substantial effort and
financial resources and
takes several years to complete. The applicant must complete preclinical tests, and obtain FDA approval before commencing clinical trials. Clinical trials are intended to establish the safety and
efficacy of the pharmaceutical product and typically are  

 8 

 
 
 
   

 conducted
in three sequential phases, although the phases may overlap or be combined. If the required clinical testing is successful, the results are submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA or BLA
requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. The FDA reviews an NDA or BLA to determine whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether its
manufacturing is compliant with current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP).  

         Even
if an NDA or a BLA receives approval, the applicant must comply with post-approval requirements. For example, holders of an approval must report adverse reactions, provide updated
safety and efficacy information, and comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling. Also, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to cGMP after
approval. The FDA periodically inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP, which imposes extensive procedural, substantive, and record keeping requirements. In addition, as a
condition of approval, the FDA may require post-marketing testing and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product's safety or efficacy after commercialization. Any post-approval regulatory
obligations, and the cost of complying with such obligations, could expand in the future.  

          Outside the United States.     AbbVie is subject to similar regulations outside the United States. AbbVie must obtain approval of a
clinical trial
application or product from the applicable regulatory authorities before it can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product. The approval requirements and process vary, and the time required
to obtain approval may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. For example, AbbVie may submit marketing authorizations in the European Union under either a centralized or
decentralized procedure. The centralized procedure is mandatory for the approval of biotechnology products and many pharmaceutical products and provides for a single marketing authorization that is
valid for all European Union member states. Under the centralized procedure, a single marketing authorization application is submitted to the European Medicines Agency. After the agency evaluates the
application, it makes a recommendation to the European Commission, which then makes the final determination on whether to approve the application. The decentralized procedure provides for mutual
recognition of national approval decisions and is available for products that are not subject to the centralized procedure.  

         In
Japan, applications for approval of a new product are made through the Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA). Bridging studies to demonstrate that the foreign clinical data
applies to Japanese patients may be required. After completing a comprehensive review, the PMDA reports to the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, which then approves or denies the application.  

         The
regulatory process in many emerging markets continues to evolve. Many emerging markets, including those in Asia, generally require regulatory approval to have been obtained in a
large developed market (such as the United States) before the country will begin or complete its regulatory review process. Some countries also require that local clinical studies be conducted in
order to obtain regulatory approval in the country.  

         The
requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials and product licensing also vary. In addition, post-approval regulatory obligations such as adverse event reporting and cGMP
compliance generally apply and may vary by country. For example, after a marketing authorization has been granted in the European Union, periodic safety reports must be submitted and other
pharmacovigilance measures must be implemented.  

  Regulation—Commercialization, Distribution, and Manufacturing   

         The manufacture, marketing, sale, promotion, and distribution of AbbVie's products are subject to comprehensive government regulation.
Government regulation by various national, regional, federal, state, and local agencies, both in the United States and other countries, addresses (among other matters) inspection of, and controls
over, research and laboratory procedures, clinical investigations, product approvals and manufacturing, labeling, packaging, marketing and promotion, pricing and  

 9 

 
 
 
   

 reimbursement,
sampling, distribution, quality control, post-marketing surveillance, record keeping, storage, and disposal practices. AbbVie's operations are also affected by trade regulations in many
countries that limit the import of raw materials and finished products and by laws and regulations that seek to prevent corruption and bribery in the marketplace (including the United States Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom Bribery Act, which provide guidance on corporate interactions with government officials) and require safeguards for the protection of personal data. In
addition, AbbVie is subject to laws and regulations pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including state and federal anti-kickback and false claims laws in the United States. Prescription drug
manufacturers such as AbbVie are also subject to taxes, as well as application, product, user, establishment, and other fees.  

         Compliance
with these laws and regulations is costly and materially affects AbbVie's business. Among other effects, health care regulations substantially increase the time, difficulty,
and costs incurred in obtaining and maintaining approval to market newly developed and existing products. AbbVie expects compliance with these regulations to continue to require significant technical
expertise and capital investment to ensure compliance. Failure to comply can delay the release of a new product or result in regulatory and enforcement actions, the seizure or recall of a product, the
suspension or revocation of the authority necessary for a product's production and sale, and other civil or criminal sanctions, including fines and penalties.  

         In
addition to regulatory initiatives, AbbVie's business can be affected by ongoing studies of the utilization, safety, efficacy, and outcomes of health care products and their
components that are regularly conducted by industry participants, government agencies, and others. These studies can call into question the utilization, safety, and efficacy of previously marketed
products. In some cases, these studies have resulted, and may in the future result, in the discontinuance of, or limitations on, marketing of such products domestically or worldwide, and may give rise
to claims for damages from persons who believe they have been injured as a result of their use.  

         Access
to human health care products continues to be a subject of investigation and action by governmental agencies, legislative bodies, and private organizations in the United States
and other countries. A major focus is cost containment. Efforts to reduce health care costs are also being made in the private sector, notably by health care payors and providers, which have
instituted various cost reduction and containment measures. AbbVie expects insurers and providers to continue attempts to reduce the cost of health care products. Outside the United States, many
countries control the price of health care products directly or indirectly, through reimbursement, payment, pricing, coverage limitations, or compulsory licensing. Budgetary pressures in the United
States and in other countries may also heighten the scope and severity of pricing pressures on AbbVie's products for the foreseeable future.  

          United States.     Specifically, U.S. federal laws require pharmaceuticals manufacturers to pay certain statutorily-prescribed
rebates to state Medicaid
programs on prescription drugs reimbursed under state Medicaid plans, and the efforts by states to seek additional rebates affect AbbVie's business. Similarly, the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992, as
a prerequisite to participation in Medicaid and other federal health care programs, requires that manufacturers extend additional discounts on pharmaceutical products to various federal agencies,
including the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, Department of Defense, and Public Health Service entities and institutions. In addition, recent legislative changes would require similarly
discounted prices to be offered to TRICARE program beneficiaries. The Veterans Health Care Act of 1992 also established the 340B drug discount program, which requires pharmaceuticals manufacturers to
provide products at reduced prices to various designated health care entities and facilities.  

         In
the United States, most states also have generic substitution legislation requiring or permitting a dispensing pharmacist to substitute a different manufacturer's generic version of a
pharmaceutical product for the one prescribed. In addition, the federal government follows a diagnosis-related group  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 (DRG)
payment system for certain institutional services provided under Medicare or Medicaid and has implemented a prospective payment system (PPS) for services delivered in hospital outpatient,
nursing home, and home health settings. DRG and PPS entitle a health care facility to a fixed reimbursement based on the diagnosis and/or procedure rather than actual costs incurred in patient
treatment, thereby increasing the incentive for the facility to limit or control expenditures for many health care products. Medicare reimburses Part B drugs based on average sales price (ASP)
plus a certain percentage to account for physician administration costs, which have recently been reduced in the hospital outpatient setting. End stage renal disease treatment is covered through a
bundled payment that likewise creates incentives for providers to demand lower pharmaceutical prices. Medicare enters into contracts with private plans to negotiate prices for most
patient-administered medicine delivered under Part D.  

         In
March 2010, Congress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (together, the Affordable Care Act). Under the
Affordable Care Act, AbbVie pays a fee related to its pharmaceuticals sales to government programs. Also in 2011, AbbVie began providing a discount of 50 percent for branded prescription drugs
sold to patients who fall into the Medicare Part D coverage gap, or "donut hole."  

         The
Affordable Care Act also includes provisions known as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which require manufacturers of drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and Medicaid
starting in 2012 to record any transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals and to report this data beginning in 2013 to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for subsequent public
disclosure. Similar reporting requirements have also been enacted on the state level in the United States, and an increasing number of countries worldwide either have adopted or are considering
similar laws requiring disclosure of interactions with health care professionals. Failure to report appropriate data may result in civil or criminal fines and/or penalties.  

         AbbVie
expects debate to continue during 2014 at all government levels worldwide over the marketing, availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services.
AbbVie believes that future legislation and regulation in the markets it serves could affect access to health care products and services, increase rebates, reduce prices or the rate of price increases
for health care products and services, change health care delivery systems, create new fees and obligations for the pharmaceuticals industry, or require additional reporting and disclosure. It is not
possible to predict the extent to which AbbVie or the health care industry in general might be affected by the matters discussed above.  

         AbbVie
is subject to a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) entered into by Abbott on May 7, 2012 that requires enhancements to AbbVie's compliance program and contains reporting
obligations, including disclosure of financial payments to doctors. If AbbVie fails to comply with the CIA, the Office of Inspector General for the United States Department of Health and Human
Services may impose monetary penalties or exclude AbbVie from federal health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid.  


         European Union.     The European Union has adopted directives and other legislation governing labeling, advertising, distribution,
supply,
pharmacovigilance, and marketing of pharmaceutical products. Such legislation provides mandatory standards throughout the European Union and permits member states to supplement these standards with
additional regulations. European governments also regulate pharmaceutical product prices through their control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of such products to
consumers. As a result, patients are unlikely to use a pharmaceutical product that is not reimbursed by the government. In many European countries, the government either regulates the pricing of a new
product at launch or subsequent to launch through direct price controls or reference pricing. In recent years, many countries have also imposed new or additional cost containment measures on
pharmaceutical products. Differences between national pricing regimes create price differentials within the European Union that can lead to significant parallel trade in pharmaceutical products.  

 11 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

         Most
governments also promote generic substitution by mandating or permitting a pharmacist to substitute a different manufacturer's generic version of a pharmaceutical product for the
one prescribed and by permitting or mandating that health care professionals prescribe generic versions in certain circumstances. In addition, governments use reimbursement lists to limit the
pharmaceutical products that are eligible for reimbursement by national health care systems.  


         Japan.     In Japan, the National Health Insurance system maintains a Drug Price List specifying which pharmaceutical products are
eligible for
reimbursement, and the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare sets the prices of the products on this list. The government generally introduces price cut rounds every other year and also mandates
price decreases for specific products. New products judged innovative or useful, that are indicated for pediatric use, or that target orphan or small population diseases, however, may be eligible for
a pricing premium. The government has also promoted the use of generics, where available.  


         Emerging Markets.     Many emerging markets take steps to reduce pharmaceutical product prices, in some cases through direct price
controls and in others
through the promotion of generic alternatives to branded pharmaceuticals.  

         Since
AbbVie markets its products worldwide, certain products of a local nature and variations of product lines must also meet other local regulatory requirements. Certain additional
risks are inherent in conducting business outside the United States, including price and currency exchange controls, changes in currency exchange rates, limitations on participation in local
enterprises, expropriation, nationalization, and other governmental action.  

  Employees   

         AbbVie employed approximately 25,000 persons as of January 31, 2014. Outside the United States, some of AbbVie's employees are
represented by unions or works councils. AbbVie believes that it has good relations with its employees.  

  Internet Information   

         Copies of AbbVie's Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through AbbVie's investor relations website
( www.abbvieinvestor.com ) as soon as reasonably practicable after AbbVie electronically files the material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and
Exchange Commission.  

         AbbVie's
corporate governance guidelines, outline of directorship qualifications, code of business conduct and the charters of AbbVie's audit committee, compensation committee,
nominations and governance committee, and public policy committee are all available on AbbVie's investor relations website ( www.abbvieinvestor.com ).  

   
       ITEM 1A.    RISK FACTORS          

          You should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Form 10-K in evaluating
AbbVie and AbbVie's common stock. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect AbbVie's results of operations or financial condition. The risk factors generally have been separated
into three groups: risks related to AbbVie's business, risks related to AbbVie's separation from Abbott and risks related to AbbVie's common stock. Based on the information currently known to it,
AbbVie believes that the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting it in each of these categories of risks. However, the risks and uncertainties AbbVie faces are not
limited to those set forth in the risk factors described below and may not be in order of importance or probability of occurrence. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to AbbVie or
that AbbVie currently believes to be immaterial may also   

 12 

 
 
 
   

  adversely affect its business. In addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends
in future periods. 

          If any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's business, financial
condition or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of AbbVie's common stock could decline. 

  Risks Related to AbbVie's Business   

  The expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may adversely affect AbbVie's future revenues and operating income.   


         AbbVie relies on patent, trademark and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing, and sale of
its products. In particular, patent protection is, in the aggregate, important in AbbVie's marketing of pharmaceutical products in the United States and most major markets outside of the United
States. Patents covering AbbVie products normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the profitability of many of AbbVie's products.  

         As
patents for certain of its products expire, AbbVie will or could face competition from lower priced generic products. The expiration or loss of patent protection for a product
typically is followed promptly by substitutes that may significantly reduce sales for that product in a short amount of time. If AbbVie's competitive position is compromised because of generics or
otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's business and results of operations. In addition, proposals emerge from time to time for legislation to further encourage the early and
rapid approval of generic drugs. Any such proposals that are enacted into law could worsen the effect of generic competition.  

         AbbVie's
principal patents and trademarks are described in greater detail in Item 1, "Business—Intellectual Property Protection and Regulatory Exclusivity" and
Item 7,
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Results of Operations," and litigation regarding these patents is described in Item 3, "Legal
Proceedings." The United States composition of matter patent for HUMIRA, which is AbbVie's largest selling product and had worldwide sales of approximately $10.7 billion in 2013, is expected to
expire in December 2016, and the equivalent European Union patent is expected to expire in the majority of European Union countries in April 2018. Because HUMIRA is a biologic and biologics cannot be
readily substituted, it is uncertain what impact the loss of patent protection would have on the sales of HUMIRA.  

  AbbVie's major products could lose patent protection earlier than expected, which could adversely affect AbbVie's future revenues and operating income.   

         Third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent AbbVie's patents and patent applications. For
example, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products file, and may continue to file, Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) with the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) seeking to
market generic forms of AbbVie's products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by AbbVie by asserting that the patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed.  

         Although
most of the challenges to AbbVie's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments may also challenge intellectual property rights. For example, court
decisions and potential legislation relating to patents, such as legislation regarding biosimilars, and other regulatory initiatives may result in further erosion of intellectual property protection.
In addition, certain governments outside the United States have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be sought to further their domestic policies or on the basis of national emergencies,
such as HIV/AIDS. If triggered, compulsory licenses could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those jurisdictions and negatively affect AbbVie's results of operations.  

 13 

 
 
 
   

         AbbVie
normally responds to challenges by vigorously defending its patents, including by filing patent infringement lawsuits. Patent litigation and other challenges to AbbVie's patents
are costly and unpredictable and may deprive AbbVie of market exclusivity for a patented product. To the extent AbbVie's intellectual property is successfully challenged or circumvented or to the
extent such intellectual property does not allow AbbVie to compete effectively, AbbVie's business will suffer. To the extent that countries do not enforce AbbVie's intellectual property rights or
require compulsory licensing of AbbVie's intellectual property, AbbVie's future revenues and operating income will be reduced.  

  A third party's intellectual property may prevent AbbVie from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's future profitability and financial
condition.   

         Third parties may claim that an AbbVie product infringes upon their intellectual property. Resolving an intellectual property
infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require AbbVie to enter into license agreements. AbbVie cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially
reasonable terms. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject AbbVie to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the
affected AbbVie product or products. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's profitability and financial condition.  

  Any significant event that adversely affects HUMIRA revenues could have a material and negative impact on AbbVie's results of operations and cash flows.   


         HUMIRA generates approximately 57 percent of AbbVie's sales. Any significant event that adversely affects HUMIRA's revenues
could have a material adverse impact on AbbVie's operations and cash flows. These events could include loss of patent protection for HUMIRA, the approval of biosimilars of HUMIRA, the discovery of
previously unknown side effects or impaired efficacy, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective or less expensive treatments, and discontinuation or removal from the market of
HUMIRA for any reason.  

  AbbVie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenue and
profitability to decline.   

         To remain competitive, AbbVie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products,
and such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing
products or therapies. Failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's revenue and profitability. Accordingly, AbbVie commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to
research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. For example, in 2012 AbbVie discontinued the development
of ABT-263, which was in Phase II development for the treatment of hematologic malignancies. A high rate of failure in the biopharmaceutical industry is inherent in the research and development
of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the research and development process, including after significant funds have been invested. Products that appear promising in development may
fail to reach the market for numerous reasons, including failure to demonstrate effectiveness, safety concerns, superior safety or efficacy of competing therapies, failure to achieve positive clinical
or pre-clinical outcomes beyond the current standard of care, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or delays in the approval of new products and new indications,
limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, the failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others.  


         Decisions
about research studies made early in the development process of a pharmaceutical product candidate can affect the marketing strategy once such candidate receives approval. More  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 detailed
studies may demonstrate additional benefits that can help in the marketing, but they also consume time and resources and may delay submitting the pharmaceutical product candidate for
approval. AbbVie cannot guarantee that a proper balance of speed and testing will be made with respect to each pharmaceutical product candidate or that decisions in this area would not adversely
affect AbbVie's future results.  

         Even
if AbbVie successfully develops and markets new products or enhancements to its existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing clinical preferences, changing
industry standards, or competitors' innovations. AbbVie's innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of existing clinical practices or uncertainty over third-party
reimbursement. AbbVie cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or
products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. Failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause AbbVie's products to become obsolete,
causing AbbVie's revenues and operating results to suffer.  

  A portion of AbbVie's near-term pharmaceutical pipeline relies on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sale of its products.   

         AbbVie depends on alliances with pharmaceuticals and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term
pharmaceutical pipeline. For example, AbbVie is collaborating with Biogen Idec to develop a treatment for the relapsing remitting form of multiple sclerosis. It is also collaborating with
Galapagos NV to discover, develop, and commercialize a next-generation, oral Janus Kinase 1 (JAK1) inhibitor in Phase II development with the potential to treat multiple autoimmune
diseases.  

         Failures
by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations to AbbVie, or any disruption in the relationships between AbbVie and these third parties, could have
an adverse effect on AbbVie's pharmaceutical pipeline and business. In addition, AbbVie's collaborative relationships for
research and development extend for many years and may give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations and revenues of AbbVie and its collaboration partners, including the ownership
of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations. This could result in the loss of intellectual property rights or protection, delay the development and sale of potential pharmaceutical
products, and lead to lengthy and expensive litigation or arbitration.  

  Biologics carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on future results of operations.   

         The successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. There are unique
risks and uncertainties with biologics. For example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited, and governmental regulations restrict access to and
regulate the transport and use of such materials. In addition, the development, manufacturing, and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the
regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. Manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. Such
manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. Biologics are also frequently costly to
manufacture because production inputs are derived from living animal or plant material, and some biologics cannot be made synthetically. Failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture and sell
biologics—including HUMIRA—could adversely impact AbbVie's business and results of operations.  

 15 

 
 
 
   

  New products and technological advances by AbbVie's competitors may negatively affect AbbVie's results of operations.   

         AbbVie competes with other research-based pharmaceuticals and biotechnology companies that discover, manufacture, market, and sell
proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. For example, HUMIRA competes with a number of anti-TNF products that are approved for a number of disease states and AbbVie's virology products
compete with protease inhibitors and other anti-HIV treatments. These competitors may introduce new products or develop technological advances that compete with AbbVie's products in therapeutic areas
such as immunology, virology, renal disease, dyslipidemia, and neuroscience. AbbVie cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction by competitors of new products or
technological advances. Such competing products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than AbbVie's products, and this
could negatively impact AbbVie's business and results of operations.  


  AbbVie's biologic products may become subject to competition from biosimilars.   

         The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act was passed on March 23, 2010 as Title VII to the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act. The law created a framework for the approval of biosimilars in the United States and could allow competitors to reference data from biologic products already approved. In Europe,
the European Commission has granted marketing authorizations for several biosimilars pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued over the past
few years. In addition, companies are developing biosimilars in other countries that could compete with AbbVie's biologic products. If competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars
referencing AbbVie's biologic products, AbbVie's products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. Expiration or successful
challenge of AbbVie's applicable patent rights could also trigger competition from other products, assuming any relevant exclusivity period has expired. As a result, AbbVie could face more litigation
with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to its biologic products.  

  The manufacture of many of AbbVie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if AbbVie or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing AbbVie's
products, AbbVie's business could suffer.   

         The manufacture of many of AbbVie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements.
Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, delays related to
the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for AbbVie's products, changes in manufacturing production sites and
limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced, physical limitations that could inhibit continuous supply, man-made or natural disasters,
and environmental factors. If problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded and AbbVie may experience product shortages or incur added
expenses. This could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar
losses with respect to other batches or products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred.  

 16 

 
 
 
   

  AbbVie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers, and an interruption in the supply of
those products could adversely affect AbbVie's business and results of operations.   

         AbbVie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers. The
failure of these single-source suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or physical disruption at a manufacturing site may
impair AbbVie's ability to deliver its products to customers on a timely and competitive basis, which could adversely affect AbbVie's business and results of operations. Finding an alternative
supplier could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals. AbbVie cannot guarantee that it will be
able to reach agreement with alternative providers or that regulatory authorities would approve AbbVie's use of such alternatives. AbbVie does, however, carry business interruption insurance, which
provides a degree of protection in the case of a failure by a single-source supplier.  

  Significant safety or efficacy issues could arise for AbbVie's products, which could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's revenues and financial condition.   

         Pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. Following
regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. Investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. If new safety or efficacy
issues are reported or if new scientific information becomes available (including results of post-marketing Phase IV trials), or if governments change standards regarding safety, efficacy or
labeling, AbbVie may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. For example, AbbVie may voluntarily provide or be required to provide updated information on a product's label or narrow
its approved indication, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. If serious safety or efficacy issues with an AbbVie product arise, sales of the product could be halted by AbbVie
or by regulatory authorities. Safety or efficacy issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of AbbVie's products.  


         New
data about AbbVie's products, or products similar to its products, could negatively impact demand for AbbVie's products due to real or perceived safety issues or uncertainty
regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal. Furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional
societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of AbbVie's products or the use of related therapies
or place restrictions on sales. Such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of AbbVie's products.  

  AbbVie is subject to product liability claims and lawsuits that may adversely affect its business and results of operations.   


         In the ordinary course of business, AbbVie is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that AbbVie's products or
the products of other companies that it promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. Product liability claims and lawsuits and safety alerts or product
recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's business and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers. Consequences may also include
additional costs, a decrease in market share for the products, lower income and exposure to other claims. Product liability losses are self-insured. Product liability claims could have a material
adverse effect on AbbVie's business and results of operations.  

 17 

 
 
 
   

  AbbVie is subject to cost-containment efforts and pricing pressures that could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating income.   

         Cost-containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in Item 1,
"Business—Regulation—Commercialization, Distribution, and Manufacturing." To the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater demand, increased patient
access to health care, or other factors, AbbVie's future revenues and operating income will be reduced. In the United States, the European Union and other countries, AbbVie's business has experienced
downward pressure on product pricing, and this pressure could increase in the future.  

         In
the United States, practices of managed care groups and institutional and governmental purchasers and United States federal laws and regulations related to Medicare and Medicaid,
including the Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, contribute to pricing pressures. Recently enacted changes to the
health care system in the United States and the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of Medicare, Medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries could result in additional
pricing pressures.  

         In
numerous major markets worldwide, the government plays a significant role in funding health care services and determining the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products.
Consequently, in those markets, AbbVie is subject to government decision-making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. In particular, many European countries have ongoing
government-mandated price
reductions for many pharmaceutical products, and AbbVie anticipates continuing pricing pressures in Europe. Differences between countries in pricing regulations could lead to third-party cross-border
trading in AbbVie's products that results in a reduction in future revenues and operating income.  

  AbbVie is subject to numerous governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.   

         AbbVie's products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous international, supranational, federal, and state authorities, as
described in Item 1, "Business—Regulation—Discovery and Clinical Development." The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a pharmaceutical product can be
costly and time consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in the receipt of, or
failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues, and substantial additional costs.  

         In
addition, AbbVie cannot guarantee that it will remain compliant with applicable regulatory requirements once approval has been obtained for a product. These requirements include,
among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling, and advertising and post-marketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts due to manufacturing
quality concerns. AbbVie must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations.  


         Possible
regulatory actions could result in substantial modifications to AbbVie's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls, or seizures of AbbVie's products; a total or
partial shutdown of production in one or more of AbbVie's or its suppliers' facilities while AbbVie or its supplier remedies the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future approvals; and
withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. Any of these events could disrupt AbbVie's business and have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.  

 18 

 
 
 
   

  Laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on AbbVie, require it to change its business practices, and restrict its operations
in the future.   

         The health care industry is subject to various federal, state, and international laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit
programs reimbursement, rebates, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse. In the United States, these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, the Medicaid Rebate
Statute, the Veterans Health Care Act, and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. Violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions,
including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans Administration
health programs. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are subject to change and evolving interpretations, which could require AbbVie to incur substantial costs associated with
compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt AbbVie's business and result in a
material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.  


  AbbVie could be subject to increased monetary penalties and/or other sanctions, including exclusion from federal health care programs, if it fails to comply with the terms
of the May 7, 2012 resolution of the Department of Justice's investigation into sales and marketing activities for Depakote.   

         On May 7, 2012, Abbott settled United States federal and 49 state investigations into its sales and marketing activities for
Depakote by pleading guilty to a misdemeanor violation of the Food Drug & Cosmetic Act (FDCA) and agreeing to pay approximately $700 million in criminal fines and forfeitures and
approximately $900 million to resolve civil claims. Under the plea agreement, Abbott submitted to a term of probation that was initially set at 5 years, but was shortened to
3 years upon the separation of Abbott and AbbVie. The obligations of the plea agreement have transferred to and become fully binding on AbbVie. The conditions of probation include certain
reporting requirements, maintenance of certain compliance measures, certifications of AbbVie's CEO and board of directors, and other conditions. If AbbVie violates the terms of its probation, it may
face additional monetary sanctions and other such remedies as the court deems appropriate. On October 2, 2012, the court accepted the guilty plea and imposed the agreed-upon sentence.  

         In
addition, Abbott entered into a five-year Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) with the Office of Inspector General for the United States Department of Health and Human Services (OIG).
The effective date of the CIA is October 11, 2012. The obligations of the CIA have transferred to and become fully binding on AbbVie. The CIA requires enhancements to AbbVie's compliance
program, fulfillment of reporting and monitoring obligations, management certifications, and resolutions from AbbVie's board of directors, among other requirements. Compliance with the requirements of
the settlement will impose additional costs and burdens on AbbVie, including in the form of employee training, third party reviews, compliance monitoring, reporting obligations, and management
attention. If AbbVie fails to comply with the CIA, the OIG may impose monetary penalties or exclude AbbVie from federal health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. AbbVie and Abbott may be
subject to third party claims and shareholder lawsuits in connection with the settlement, and AbbVie may be required to indemnify all or a portion of Abbott's costs.  


  The international nature of AbbVie's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline.   

         AbbVie's business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including in emerging markets. Sales outside of
the United States make up approximately 46 percent of AbbVie's net sales. The risks associated with its operations outside the United States
include: 

 
 
 • fluctuations in currency exchange rates;  
 
 19 

 
 
 
   
 
 
 • changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs;  
 • multiple legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict AbbVie's ability to
manufacture, market, and sell its products;  
 • differing local product preferences and product requirements;  
 • trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;  
 • difficulty in establishing, staffing, and managing operations;  
 • differing labor regulations;  
 • potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;    
 • political and economic instability, including sovereign debt issues;  
 • price and currency exchange controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization,
and other governmental action;  
 • inflation, recession and fluctuations in interest rates;  
 • potential deterioration in the economic position and credit quality of certain non-U.S. countries, including in Europe;    
 • compulsory licensing or diminished protection of intellectual property; and    
 • potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery and other similar laws
and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the United Kingdom Bribery Act.  
 

 Events
contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's revenues and profitability.  

  AbbVie may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose of assets, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and
could negatively affect profitability.   

         AbbVie may pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of some of its assets, as part
of its business strategy. AbbVie may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. If AbbVie is successful in
making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. AbbVie may not
be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. AbbVie could also experience negative
effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. These
effects could cause a deterioration of AbbVie's credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense.  

         Additionally,
changes in AbbVie's structure, operations, revenues, costs, or efficiency resulting from major transactions such as acquisitions, divestitures, mergers, alliances,
restructurings or other strategic initiatives, may result in greater than expected costs, may take longer than expected to complete or encounter other difficulties, including the need for regulatory
approval where appropriate.  

 20 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

  AbbVie is dependent on wholesale distributors for distribution of its products in the United States and, accordingly, its results of operations could be adversely affected
if they encounter financial difficulties.   

         In 2013, three wholesale distributors—AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc. and McKesson
Corporation—accounted for substantially all of AbbVie's sales in the United States. If one of its significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other difficulties, such
distributor may decrease the amount of business that it does with AbbVie, and AbbVie may be unable to collect all the amounts that the distributor owes it on a timely basis or at all, which could
negatively impact AbbVie's business and results of operations.  

  Changes in the terms of rebate and chargeback programs, which are common in the pharmaceuticals industry, could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's operations.   

         Rebates related to government programs, such as fee-for-service Medicaid or Medicaid managed care programs, arise from laws and
regulations. AbbVie cannot predict if additional government initiatives to contain health care costs or other factors could lead to new or modified regulatory requirements that include higher or
incremental rebates or discounts. Other rebate and discount programs arise from contractual agreements with private payers. Various factors, including market factors and the ability of private payers
to control patient access to products, may provide payers the leverage to negotiate higher or additional rebates or discounts that could have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's operations.  

  AbbVie has debt obligations that could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations.   

         The amount of debt that AbbVie has incurred and intends to incur could have important consequences to AbbVie and its investors. These
consequences include, among other things, requiring a portion of AbbVie's cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital
expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow AbbVie's business. To the extent that AbbVie incurs additional indebtedness, these risks could increase. In addition, AbbVie's cash flow from
operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and AbbVie may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at
all, to refinance its debt.  

  AbbVie may need additional financing in the future to meet its capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on favorable
terms, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing stockholders.   

         AbbVie may need to seek additional financing for its general corporate purposes. For example, it may need to increase its investment in
research and development activities or need funds to make acquisitions. AbbVie may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to it, if at all. If AbbVie loses its
investment grade credit rating or adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, AbbVie may be unable to fund its expansion, successfully develop or enhance products, or respond to competitive
pressures, any of which could negatively affect AbbVie's business. If AbbVie raises additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, its stockholders will experience dilution of their
ownership interest. If AbbVie raises additional funds by issuing debt or entering into credit facilities, it may be subject to limitations on its operations due to restrictive covenants. Failure to
comply with these covenants could adversely affect AbbVie's business.  

  AbbVie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could adversely affect AbbVie's business.   

         AbbVie relies on sophisticated information technology systems to operate its business. These systems are potentially vulnerable to
malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, or  

 21 

 
 
 
   

 breakdown.
Although AbbVie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will
prevent breakdowns or breaches in AbbVie's information technology systems that could adversely affect AbbVie's business.  


  Other factors can have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's profitability and financial condition.   

         Many other factors can affect AbbVie's profitability and financial condition,
including: 

 
 
 • changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements,
product marketing application standards, and environmental laws;  
 • differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for
pensions, retiree health care, stock compensation, intangibles, and goodwill; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum,
compared to the actual amount;  
 • changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities, and supplies), interest rates, market
value of AbbVie's equity investments, and the performance of investments held by it or its employee benefit trusts;  
 • changes in the commercial and credit environment that may adversely affect AbbVie's ability to finance its business
operations;  
 • changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to AbbVie or its
employee benefit trusts; and  
 • changes in business, economic, and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the
threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or
other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups.  
 

  Risks Related to AbbVie's Separation from Abbott   

  AbbVie's historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that it would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company and may not be
a reliable indicator of its future results.   

         AbbVie's separation from Abbott was completed on January 1, 2013. Therefore, the historical information about AbbVie in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012 and for the periods ending prior to December 31, 2012 refers to AbbVie's business as operated by and
integrated with Abbott. AbbVie's historical financial information for these periods is derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Abbott. Accordingly, the financial
information for these periods does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that AbbVie would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company during
the periods presented or those that AbbVie will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described below: 

 
 
 • Prior to the separation, which occurred on January 1, 2013, AbbVie's business was operated by Abbott as part of its
broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. Abbott or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for AbbVie, such as accounting, information technology, and
finance. Abbott currently provides some of these functions to AbbVie. AbbVie's historical financial results reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Abbott for such functions and are likely to
be less than the expenses AbbVie would have incurred had it operated as a separate publicly traded company. Following the separation and the date on which AbbVie ceases to receive services from Abbott
pursuant to  
 
 22 

 
 
 
   
 
 

 transition
services agreements, AbbVie may not be able to operate its business at comparable costs, and its profitability may decline;  

 
 
 • Prior to the separation, AbbVie was able to use Abbott's size and purchasing power in procuring various goods and services
and shared economies of scope and scale in costs, employees, vendor relationships and customer relationships. As a separate, independent company, AbbVie may be unable to obtain goods and services at
the prices and terms obtained prior to the separation, which could decrease AbbVie's overall profitability;  
 • Generally, AbbVie's working capital requirements and capital for its general corporate purposes, including acquisitions,
research and development and capital expenditures, were historically satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of Abbott. As a result of the separation, AbbVie may need to
obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements; and    
 • The cost of capital for AbbVie's business may be higher than Abbott's cost of capital prior to the separation.  
 

         For
additional information about the past financial performance of AbbVie's business and the basis of presentation of the financial statements of AbbVie's business, see Item 7,
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."  

  As AbbVie builds its information technology infrastructure and transitions its data to its own systems, AbbVie could incur substantial additional costs and experience
temporary business interruptions.   

         AbbVie expects to install and implement information technology infrastructure to support its critical business functions, including
accounting and reporting, manufacturing process control, customer service, inventory control and distribution. AbbVie may incur temporary interruptions in business operations if it cannot transition
effectively from Abbott's existing transactional and operational systems, data centers and the transition services that support these functions as AbbVie replaces these systems. AbbVie may not be
successful in implementing its new systems and transitioning its data, and it may incur substantially higher costs for implementation than currently anticipated. AbbVie's failure to avoid operational
interruptions as it implements the new systems and replaces Abbott's information technology services, or its failure to implement the new systems and replace Abbott's services successfully, could
disrupt its business, adversely affect its ability to collect receivables from customers, and have a material adverse effect on its profitability. In addition, if AbbVie is unable to replicate or
transition certain systems, its ability to comply with regulatory requirements could be impaired.  

  Abbott may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that have been executed as part of the separation or AbbVie may fail to have necessary systems and services
in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire.   

         In connection with the separation, AbbVie and Abbott entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements,
including transition services agreements, a tax sharing agreement, international commercial operations agreements, finished goods supply agreements, contract manufacturing agreements, an employee
matters agreement, a special products master agreement, an information technology agreement, and a transitional trademark license agreement. Certain of these agreements provide for the performance of
services by each company for the benefit of the other for a period of time after AbbVie's separation from Abbott. AbbVie relies on Abbott to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these
agreements. If Abbott is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, AbbVie could incur operational difficulties or losses.  

 23 

 
 
 
   

         In
addition, AbbVie and Abbott entered into long-term arrangements under a special products master agreement relating to certain product rights and into an ex-U.S. transition services
agreement for Abbott to provide AbbVie with back office functions and other services in certain markets outside the United States until AbbVie has established sufficient back office infrastructure to
conduct operations in
such markets. These arrangements could lead to disputes between Abbott and AbbVie over AbbVie's rights to certain intellectual property and territorial commercialization rights and over the allocation
of costs and revenues for AbbVie's products and operations outside of the United States.  

         If
AbbVie does not have in place its own systems and services, or if AbbVie does not have agreements with other providers of these services when the transaction or long-term agreements
terminate, AbbVie may not be able to operate its business effectively and its profitability may decline. AbbVie is in the process of creating its own, or engaging third parties to provide, systems and
services to replace many of the systems and services Abbott currently provides to it. AbbVie may not be successful in effectively or efficiently implementing these systems and services or in
transitioning data from Abbott's systems to AbbVie's. These systems and services may also be more expensive or less efficient than the systems and services Abbott is expected to provide during the
transition period.  

         AbbVie
will be developing and implementing its own back office functions, administrative systems, personnel, and processes for markets outside the United States where Abbott will
initially provide such functions. There can be no assurance that AbbVie will be able to implement such functions effectively and without disrupting its business in those markets.  

  Potential indemnification liabilities to Abbott pursuant to the separation agreement could materially adversely affect AbbVie.   


         The separation agreement with Abbott provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions required to effect the
separation, certain conditions to the separation and provisions governing the relationship between AbbVie and Abbott with respect to and resulting from the separation. Among other things, the
separation agreement provides for indemnification obligations designed to make AbbVie financially responsible for substantially all liabilities, except certain tax liabilities, that may exist relating
to its business activities, whether incurred prior to or after AbbVie's separation from Abbott, as well as those obligations of Abbott assumed by AbbVie pursuant to the separation agreement, including
those relating to Depakote. If AbbVie is required to indemnify Abbott under the circumstances set forth in the separation agreement, AbbVie may be subject to substantial liabilities.  

  AbbVie may not be able to engage in certain corporate transactions during the two-year period following the distribution.   

         To preserve the tax-free treatment to Abbott of the separation and the distribution, under the tax sharing agreement that AbbVie
entered into with Abbott, AbbVie is restricted from taking any action that prevents the distribution and related transactions from being tax-free for United States federal income tax purposes. Under
the tax sharing agreement, for the
two-year period following the distribution, AbbVie is prohibited, except in certain circumstances, from: 

 
 
 • entering into any transaction resulting in the acquisition of 25 percent or more of its stock or substantially all
of its assets, whether by merger or otherwise;  
 • merging, consolidating, or liquidating;  
 • issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds;  
 • repurchasing its capital stock; and  
 • ceasing to actively conduct its business.  
 
 24 

 
 
 
   

         These
restrictions may limit AbbVie's ability to pursue certain strategic transactions or other transactions that it may believe to be in the best interests of its stockholders or that
might increase the value of its business. In addition, under the tax sharing agreement, AbbVie is required to indemnify Abbott against any such tax liabilities as a result of the acquisition of
AbbVie's stock or assets, even if it did not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition.  

  Certain of AbbVie's executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their previous or continuing positions at Abbott.   

         Because of their former positions with Abbott, certain of these executive officers and directors own Abbott common shares, options to
purchase Abbott common shares or other equity awards. Even though AbbVie's board of directors consists of a majority of directors who are independent, and AbbVie's executive officers who were formerly
employees of Abbott ceased to be employees of Abbott, some AbbVie executive officers and directors continue to have a financial interest in Abbott common shares. In addition, four of AbbVie's
directors currently serve on the board of directors of Abbott. Continuing ownership of Abbott common shares and equity awards, or service as a director at both companies could create, or appear to
create, potential conflicts of interest if AbbVie and Abbott pursue the same corporate opportunities or face decisions that could have different implications for AbbVie and Abbott.  

  AbbVie may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the separation.   

         AbbVie may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from its separation from Abbott because,
among other things: (a) AbbVie may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if it were still a part of Abbott; and (b) AbbVie's business is less
diversified than Abbott's business prior to the separation. If AbbVie fails to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the separation, or if such benefits are delayed, the
business, financial conditions, and results of operations of AbbVie could be adversely affected.  

  Risks Related to AbbVie's Common Stock   


  AbbVie cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on its common stock.   

         Although AbbVie expects to pay regular cash dividends, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders
will fall within the discretion of AbbVie's board of directors. The board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as AbbVie's financial condition, earnings,
capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that the
board deems relevant. For more information, see Item 5, "Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities." AbbVie's ability to pay
dividends will depend on its ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access capital markets. AbbVie cannot guarantee that it will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any
dividend if AbbVie commences paying dividends.  

  Your percentage of ownership in AbbVie may be diluted in the future.   

         In the future, your percentage ownership in AbbVie may be diluted because of equity issuances for capital market transactions, equity
awards that AbbVie will be granting to AbbVie's directors, officers and employees, acquisitions, or other purposes. AbbVie's employees will have options to purchase shares of its common stock as a
result of conversion of their Abbott stock options (in whole or in part) to AbbVie stock options. AbbVie anticipates its compensation committee will grant additional stock options or other stock-based
awards to its employees. Such awards will have a dilutive effect on AbbVie's earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of AbbVie's common stock.  

 25 

 
 
 
   

 From
time to time, AbbVie will issue additional options or other stock-based awards to its employees under AbbVie's employee benefits plans.  


         In
addition, AbbVie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes AbbVie to issue, without the approval of AbbVie's stockholders, one or more classes or series of
preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over AbbVie's common stock respecting dividends and
distributions, as AbbVie's board of directors generally may determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of AbbVie's
common stock. For example, AbbVie could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of AbbVie's directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to
veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences AbbVie could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common
stock.  

  Certain provisions in AbbVie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition
of AbbVie, which could decrease the trading price of AbbVie's common stock.   

         AbbVie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain, and Delaware law contains,
provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective
acquirors to negotiate with AbbVie's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 

 
 
 • the inability of AbbVie's stockholders to call a special meeting;  
 • the division of AbbVie's board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered
three-year term;  
 • a provision that stockholders may only remove directors for cause;  
 • the ability of AbbVie's directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on AbbVie's board of directors; and    
 • the requirement that the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least 80 percent of AbbVie's voting stock is
required to amend certain provisions in AbbVie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and AbbVie's amended and restated by-laws relating to the number, term and election of AbbVie's
directors, the filling of board vacancies, the calling of special meetings of stockholders and director and officer indemnification provisions.  
 

         In
addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires,
more than 15 percent of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or
acquisitions of additional shares, for a
three-year period following the date on which that person or its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15 percent of the corporation's outstanding voting stock.  

         AbbVie
believes these provisions protect its stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with AbbVie's board of
directors and by providing AbbVie's board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make the company immune from takeovers. However, these
provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that AbbVie's board of directors determines is not in the best interests
of AbbVie and AbbVie's stockholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.  

 26 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 
   
   
   CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS          

         This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain forward looking statements regarding business strategies, market potential,
future financial performance and other matters. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward looking statements," which
speak only as of the date the statements were made. The matters discussed in these forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward looking statements. In particular, information included under Item 1, "Business," Item 1A, "Risk Factors,"
and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contain forward looking statements. Where, in any forward looking statement, an expectation
or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of AbbVie management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a
reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from
those anticipated include the matters described under Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." AbbVie
does not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, unless AbbVie is
required by applicable securities law to do so.   

   
       ITEM 1B.    UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS          

         None.   

   
       ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES          

         AbbVie's corporate offices are located at 1 North Waukegan Road, North Chicago, Illinois 60064-6400. AbbVie's principal
manufacturing plants are in the following locations:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 United States 
   
 Outside the United States 
 
 
   
 
 
 Abbott Park, Illinois* 
   
 Campoverde di Aprilia, Italy 
 
 
 Barceloneta, Puerto Rico 
   
 Cork, Ireland 
 
 
 Jayuya, Puerto Rico 
   
 Ludwigshafen, Germany 
 
 
 North Chicago, Illinois 
   
 Sligo, Ireland 
 
 
 Worcester, Massachusetts 
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Leased
property.   
  
          In
addition to the above, AbbVie has other manufacturing facilities in the United States and worldwide. AbbVie believes its facilities are suitable and provide adequate production
capacity.  

         In
the United States, including Puerto Rico, AbbVie has one distribution center. AbbVie also has four United States research and development facilities located at: Abbott Park, Illinois;
North Chicago, Illinois; Redwood City, California; and Worcester, Massachusetts. Outside the United States, AbbVie's principal research and development facilities are located in Shanghai, China and
Ludwigshafen, Germany.  

         Except
as noted, the principal plants in the United States listed above are owned by AbbVie or subsidiaries of AbbVie. The remaining manufacturing plants and all other facilities are
owned or leased by AbbVie or subsidiaries of AbbVie.  

 27 

 
 
 
   
 

   
       ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS          

         Information pertaining to legal proceedings is provided in Note 13 entitled "Legal Proceedings and Contingencies" of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," and is incorporated by reference herein.   

   
       ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES          

         Not applicable.  

 28 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
   
   EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT          

         The following table lists AbbVie's executive officers, each of whom was first appointed as an AbbVie corporate officer in December
2012.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Name 
   
 Age 
   
 Position 
 
 
   
 
 
 Richard A. Gonzalez 
   
 60 
   
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 Laura J. Schumacher 
   
 50 
   
 Executive Vice President, Business Development, External Affairs and General Counsel 
 
 
 William J. Chase 
   
 46 
   
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 Carlos Alban 
   
 51 
   
 Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations 
 
 
 Timothy J. Richmond 
   
 47 
   
 Senior Vice President, Human Resources 
 
 
 Azita Saleki-Gerhardt, Ph.D. 
   
 50 
   
 Senior Vice President, Operations 
 
 
 Thomas A. Hurwich 
   
 53 
   
 Vice President, Controller 
 
 
 
  
          Mr. Gonzalez
is AbbVie's Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. He served as Abbott's Executive Vice President, Pharmaceutical Products Group from 2010 to 2012, and
was responsible for Abbott's worldwide pharmaceutical business, including commercial operations, research and development, and manufacturing. He has also served as President, Abbott
Ventures Inc., Abbott's medical technology investment arm, from 2009 to 2011. Mr. Gonzalez joined Abbott in 1977 and held various management positions before briefly retiring in 2007,
including Abbott's President and Chief Operating Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer of Abbott's Medical Products Group, Senior Vice President and President of Abbott's former Hospital
Products Division (now Hospira, Inc.), Vice President and President of Abbott's Health Systems Division, and Divisional Vice President and General Manager for Abbott's Diagnostics Operations in
the United States and Canada.  

         Ms. Schumacher
is AbbVie's Executive Vice President, Business Development, External Affairs and General Counsel. She served as Abbott's Executive Vice President, General Counsel,
and Corporate Secretary from 2007 to 2012, and as Senior Vice President, Corporate Secretary, and General Counsel from 2005 to 2007. Ms. Schumacher was also responsible for Abbott's licensing
and acquisitions function and its Office of Ethics and Compliance. Prior to her appointment as General Counsel of Abbott, Ms. Schumacher headed Abbott's litigation department.
Ms. Schumacher joined Abbott in 1990.  

         Mr. Chase
is AbbVie's Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. He served as Abbott's Vice President, Licensing and Acquisitions from 2010 to 2012, as Vice President,
Treasurer from 2007 to 2010, and as Divisional Vice President, Controller of Abbott International from 2004 to 2007. Mr. Chase joined Abbott in 1989.  

         Mr. Alban
is AbbVie's Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations. He served as Abbott's Senior Vice President, Proprietary Pharmaceutical Products, Global Commercial
Operations from 2011 to 2012, as Senior Vice President, International Pharmaceuticals from 2009 to 2011, as Vice President, Pharmaceuticals, Western Europe and Canada from 2008 to 2009, as Vice
President, Western Europe and Canada from 2007 to 2008, and as Vice President, European Operations from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Alban joined Abbott in 1986.  

         Mr. Richmond
is AbbVie's Senior Vice President, Human Resources. He served as Abbott's Divisional Vice President of Compensation & Benefits from 2008 to 2012, as Group Vice
President of Talent and Rewards from 2007 to 2008, and as Divisional Vice President of Talent Acquisition from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Richmond joined Abbott in 2006.  


         Dr. Saleki-Gerhardt
is AbbVie's Senior Vice President, Operations. She served as Abbott's Vice President, Pharmaceuticals Manufacturing and Supply from 2011 to 2012, and as
Divisional Vice  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 President,
Quality Assurance, Global Pharmaceutical Operations from 2008 to 2011. Dr. Saleki-Gerhardt joined Abbott in 1993.  

         Mr. Hurwich
is AbbVie's Vice President, Controller. He served as Abbott's Vice President, Internal Audit from 2009 to 2012, and as Divisional Vice President, Controller, Abbott
Diagnostics Division from 2003 to 2009. Mr. Hurwich joined Abbott in 1983.  

         The
executive officers of AbbVie are elected annually by the board of directors. All other officers are elected by the board or appointed by the Chairman of the Board. All officers are
either elected at the first meeting of the board of directors held after the annual stockholder meeting or appointed by the Chairman of the Board after that board meeting. Each officer holds office
until a successor has been duly elected or appointed and qualified or until the officer's death, resignation, or removal. There are no family relationships between any of the executive officers listed
above.  

 30 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 
   
   
   PART II          


   
       ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES          

  Principal Market   

         The principal market for AbbVie's common stock is the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). A "when-issued" trading market for AbbVie's
common stock began on the NYSE on December 10, 2012, and "regular way" trading of AbbVie's common stock began on January 2, 2013. Prior to December 10, 2012 there was no public
market for AbbVie's common stock. AbbVie's common stock is also listed on the Chicago Stock Exchange and traded on various regional and electronic exchanges. Outside the United States, AbbVie's common
stock is listed on NYSE Euronext Paris and the SIX Swiss Exchange.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 high 
   
 low 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
 $ 
 40.80 
   
 $ 
 33.33 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 48.00 
   
   
 39.96 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 48.42 
   
   
 41.07 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
   
 54.78 
   
   
 44.32 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Stockholders   

         There were 58,250 stockholders of record of AbbVie common stock as of January 31, 2014.  

  Dividends   

         A quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share was paid on common stock in 2013. On December 12, 2013, AbbVie's board of directors
declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per share payable February 14, 2014 to stockholders of record at the close of business on January 15, 2014. The timing, declaration, amount
of, and payment of any dividends by AbbVie in the future is within the discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including AbbVie's financial condition, earnings, capital
requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of AbbVie's debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access
capital markets, and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors. Moreover, if AbbVie determines to pay any dividend in the future, there can be no assurance that it will continue to pay
such dividends or the amount of such dividends.  

         AbbVie Inc.
is an Illinois High Impact Business (HIB) and is located in a federal Foreign Trade Sub-Zone (Sub-Zone 22S). Dividends may be eligible for a subtraction from base
income for Illinois income tax purposes. If you have questions, please contact your tax advisor.  

  Performance Graph   

         The following graph compares the cumulative total returns of AbbVie Inc., the S&P 500 Index and the NYSE Arca
Pharmaceuticals Index. This graph covers the period from January 2, 2013 (the first day our common stock began "regular-way" trading on the NYSE) through December 31, 2013. This graph
assumes $100 was invested in the stock or the index on January 2, 2013 and also assumes the reinvestment of dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily
indicative of future stock price performance.  

 31 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN          

 
 
   

         This
performance graph is furnished and shall not be deemed "filed" with the SEC or subject to Section 18 of the Exchange Act, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in
any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.  

  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Period 
   
 (a) Total 
Number 
of Shares 
(or Units) 
Purchased 
   
 (b) Average 
Price 
Paid per Share 
(or Unit) 
   
 (c) Total 
Number of 
Shares (or Units) 
Purchased as Part 
of Publicly 
Announced 
Plans or 
Programs 
   
 (d) Maximum Number (or 
Approximate Dollar Value) of 
Shares (or Units) that May 
Yet Be Purchased Under the 
Plans or Programs 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   October 1, 2013 - October 31, 2013 
   
   
 23,424 
 (1) 
 $ 
 48.16 
   
   
 0 
   
 $ 
 1,478,178,553 
 (2) 
 
 
   November 1, 2013 - November 30, 2013 
   
   
 27,503 
 (1) 
 $ 
 48.60 
   
   
 0 
   
 $ 
 1,478,178,553 
 (2) 
 
 
   December 1, 2013 - December 31, 2013 
   
   
 3,860,352 
 (1) 
 $ 
 52.83 
   
   
 3,795,945 
   
 $ 
 1,277,633,716 
 (2) 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 3,911,279 
 (1) 
 $ 
 52.77 
   
   
 3,795,945 
   
 $ 
 1,277,633,716 
 (2) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (1) These
shares represent:
 
 
 (i) the
shares deemed surrendered to AbbVie to pay the exercise price in connection with the exercise of employee stock options—23,424 in October;
16,203 in November; and 51,107 in December; and
 (ii) the
shares purchased on the open market for the benefit of participants in the AbbVie Employee Stock Purchase Plan—0 in October; 11,300 in
November; and 13,300 in December.  
 

 These
shares do not include the shares surrendered to AbbVie to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock or restricted stock units.  

 
 (2) On
February 15, 2013, AbbVie announced that its board of directors approved the purchase of up to $1.5 billion of its common stock, from time
to time.   
  
  32 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

   
       ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA          

 The following table sets forth AbbVie's selected financial information derived from its (i) audited consolidated financial statements as of
and for the year ended December 31, 2013; (ii) audited combined financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2012, 2011, 2010 and 2009 and as of December 31, 2012,
2011 and 2010; and (iii) unaudited combined financial statements as of December 31, 2009. The historical financial statements for periods prior to January 1, 2013 were prepared on
a stand-alone basis and were derived from Abbott's consolidated financial statements and accounting records as if the former research-based pharmaceutical business of Abbott had been part of AbbVie
for all periods presented. Accordingly, AbbVie's financial statements for periods prior to January 1, 2013 are presented on a combined basis and reflect AbbVie's financial position, results of
operations and cash flows as its business was operated as part of Abbott prior to the separation, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The
historical financial statements for periods prior to January 1, 2013 also reflected an allocation of expenses related to certain Abbott corporate functions, including senior management, legal,
human resources, finance, information technology and quality assurance. These expenses were allocated to AbbVie based on direct usage or benefit where identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a
pro rata basis of revenues, headcount, square footage, number of transactions or other measures. AbbVie considers the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable. However, the
allocations may not be indicative of the actual expenses that would have been incurred had AbbVie operated as an independent, stand-alone, publicly-traded company for the periods presented.
Accordingly, the historical financial information presented for periods prior to January 1, 2013 may not be indicative of the results of operations or financial position that would have been
achieved if AbbVie had been an independent, stand-alone, publicly-traded company during the periods shown or of AbbVie's performance for periods subsequent to December 31, 2012. Refer to "Basis
of Historical Presentation" and "Transition from Abbott and Cost to Operate as an Independent Company" included under Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" for additional information.  

 The
selected financial information should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and
Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions, except 
per share data) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 2010 
   
 2009 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Statement of earnings data 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 18,790 
   
 $ 
 18,380 
   
 $ 
 17,444 
   
 $ 
 15,638 
   
 $ 
 14,214 
   
 
 
   Net earnings(a) 
   
 $ 
 4,128 
   
 $ 
 5,275 
   
 $ 
 3,433 
   
 $ 
 4,178 
   
 $ 
 4,636 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share(a) 
   
 $ 
 2.58 
   
 $ 
 3.35 
   
 $ 
 2.18 
   
 $ 
 2.65 
   
 $ 
 2.94 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share(a) 
   
 $ 
 2.56 
   
 $ 
 3.35 
   
 $ 
 2.18 
   
 $ 
 2.65 
   
 $ 
 2.94 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per share(b)           
   
 $ 
 2.00 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
 
 
   Weighted-average basic shares outstanding(c) 
   
   
 1,589 
   
   
 1,577 
   
   
 1,577 
   
   
 1,577 
   
   
 1,577 
   
 
 
   Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding(c) 
   
   
 1,604 
   
   
 1,577 
   
   
 1,577 
   
   
 1,577 
   
   
 1,577 
   
 
 
   Balance sheet data 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 29,198 
   
 $ 
 27,008 
   
 $ 
 19,521 
   
 $ 
 21,135 
   
 $ 
 15,858 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations(d) 
   
 $ 
 14,310 
   
 $ 
 14,652 
   
 $ 
 48 
   
 $ 
 52 
   
 $ 
 55 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 

 
 


  

 
 (a) Results
for the year ended December 31, 2013 included higher expenses associated with operating as an independent, stand-alone publicly traded
company than the historically derived financial statements. The increases include a full year of interest expense on debt issued in November 2012, a higher tax rate and other full year incremental
costs of operating as an independent company.
 (b) On
January 4, 2013, the board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock. This dividend was declared from
pre-separation earnings and was recorded as a reduction of  
  
  33 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 additional
paid-in capital. In addition, AbbVie declared regular quarterly cash dividends in 2013 aggregating $1.60 per share of common stock. Refer to Note 11 to the audited consolidated
financial statements included under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for information regarding cash dividends declared in 2013.   

 
 
 (c) On
January 1, 2013, Abbott Laboratories distributed 1,577 million shares of AbbVie common stock. For periods prior to the separation, the
weighted-average basic and diluted shares outstanding was based on the number of shares of AbbVie common stock outstanding on the distribution date. Refer to Note 4 to the audited consolidated
financial statements included under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for information regarding the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the year
ended December 31, 2013.
 (d) Also
includes current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations.   
  
  34 

 
 
 
   

   
       ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS          

 The following is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie or the company) and results of operations as of
and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013. This commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing
in Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."  

  EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW   

  Company Overview   

 AbbVie is a global, research-based biopharmaceutical company. AbbVie develops and markets advanced therapies that address some of the world's most
complex and serious diseases. AbbVie products are used to treat chronic autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, and Crohn's disease; low testosterone; HIV; endometriosis;
thyroid disease; Parkinson's disease; and complications associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD) and cystic fibrosis, among other health conditions. AbbVie also has a pipeline of promising new
medicines, including more than 20 compounds or indications in Phase II or Phase III development across such important medical specialties as immunology, virology, oncology, renal
disease, neurological diseases and women's health.  

 In
the United States, AbbVie's products are generally sold directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies, and independent retailers from
distribution centers and public warehouses. Outside the United States, sales are made either directly to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. Certain products are
co-marketed or co-promoted with other companies. AbbVie has approximately 25,000 employees and its products are sold in over 170 countries. AbbVie operates in one business
segment—pharmaceutical products.  

  Financial Results   

 In its first full year as an independent company, AbbVie achieved its key objectives, including strong sales growth of HUMIRA and other key products,
operational efficiencies and progress in advancing its pipeline, particularly with its late-stage hepatitis C virus (HCV) program. Worldwide net sales in 2013 totaled $18.8 billion, an increase
of 2 percent, despite the loss of exclusivity in the company's lipid franchise during the year. Generic competition began in November 2012 for TriCor, July 2013 for TRILIPIX and September 2013
for Niaspan, resulting in the loss of $1.1 billion of revenue in 2013 over the prior year. The company's financial performance also included delivering fully diluted earnings per share of
$2.56, while accelerating its investment in research and development and increasing sales and marketing support for new and existing products. In 2013, the company generated cash flows from operations
of $6.3 billion. These strong cash flows enabled the company to enhance its pipeline through licensing and collaboration activities and to pay cash dividends to shareholders of
$2.6 billion in 2013. In 2014, AbbVie plans to continue to invest in key products, advance its pipeline and prepare for anticipated product launches that are expected to drive growth in 2015
and beyond.  

  Strategic Objectives   

 AbbVie's long-term strategy is to maximize its existing portfolio of products through new indications, share gains, increased geographic expansion in
underserved markets while also advancing its new product pipeline to meet unmet medical needs. To successfully execute its long-term strategy, AbbVie will focus on expanding HUMIRA sales, advancing
the pipeline, expanding its presence in emerging markets and managing its product portfolio to maximize value.  

 35 

 
 
 
   

 AbbVie
expects to continue to drive strong HUMIRA sales growth in several ways. AbbVie seeks to expand the HUMIRA patient base by applying for regulatory approval of new indications for HUMIRA,
treating conditions such as uveitis, hidradenitis suppurativa and pediatric Crohn's disease. AbbVie will also seek to drive HUMIRA sales growth by expanding its market share and its presence in
underserved markets.  

 Research
and development (R&D) efforts will continue to focus a significant portion of expenditures on compounds for immunology, virology, oncology, renal disease, neurological diseases and women's
health. AbbVie's scientists work to advance a pipeline of specialty molecules that demonstrate strong clinical performance for patients and economic value for patients and their healthcare systems.
Current R&D projects are described in the "Research and Development" section below.  

 AbbVie
plans to continue making investments in key emerging markets, including Brazil, China, Mexico and Russia. Continued penetration of HUMIRA and other leading products is expected to help drive
growth in these markets.  

 AbbVie
will continue its investment in products with durable sales, while making adjustments as necessary to increase the value of its product portfolio. AbbVie plans to achieve this objective in a
variety of ways depending on product and circumstances by, for example, identifying supply chain efficiencies, pursuing additional indications, and optimizing residual value as products reach the end
of exclusivity. AbbVie believes that its approach will allow the company to maintain a strong operating margin.  

  Research and Development   

 Research and innovation continues to be a key strategic priority for AbbVie. AbbVie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to
continue to discover and develop innovative pharmaceutical products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies.  


 AbbVie's
pipeline includes more than 20 compounds or indications in Phase II or III development individually or under collaboration or license agreements. Of these programs, approximately 10
are in Phase III development or in registration. AbbVie expects several Phase II programs to transition into Phase III programs during 2014. R&D is focused on therapeutic areas
that include immunology, virology, oncology, renal disease, neurological diseases, and women's health, among others.  

  Immunology   

 HUMIRA is currently approved for ten indications in major geographies, including nine indications in Europe and seven in the United States. AbbVie
continues to dedicate R&D efforts to expanding indications for HUMIRA, including in the fields of gastroenterology, dermatology and ophthalmology. Registration submissions and regulatory approvals for
HUMIRA in 2013 included approval for two new gastroenterology indications in Japan—intestinal Behcet's and ulcerative colitis.  

 Phase III
trials are ongoing in preparation for regulatory applications of HUMIRA for uveitis and hidradenitis suppurativa in the United States and the European Union. The results of AbbVie's
two fully-enrolled Phase III clinical trials to evaluate the safety and efficacy of HUMIRA for patients with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa in the United States are expected in
2014. The FDA issued a Complete Response Letter to the company's registration submission for axial spondyloarthritis, which is currently under evaluation by the company.  

 36 

 
 
 
   

 AbbVie
also has a number of next-generation programs underway to address immune-mediated conditions, including the following. 

 
 
 • AbbVie's studies of dual variable domain immunoglobulin (DVD-Ig) technology, which represents an approach that can target
multiple disease-causing antigens with a single biologic agent, continue to progress. This proprietary technology could lead to next-generation biologic treatments for complex conditions such as
cancer or rheumatoid arthritis, where multiple pathways are involved in the disease.  
 • AbbVie is collaborating with Biotest AG on an anti-CD4 biologic known as tregalizumab. The compound is currently in
Phase IIb clinical trials for rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis.  
 • GLPG0634, a next-generation, oral Janus Kinase 1 (JAK1) inhibitor, is being developed with Galapagos NV (Galapagos)
in a collaboration entered into during the first quarter of 2012. GLPG0634 is currently in Phase IIb development to treat rheumatoid arthritis and may be able to address other autoimmune
diseases. In January 2014, a Phase II study to evaluate GLPG0634 to treat Crohn's disease was initiated.  
 • In September 2013, AbbVie entered into a global collaboration with Ablynx NV (Ablynx) to develop and commercialize
the anti-IL-6R Nanobody, ALX-0061, to treat inflammatory diseases including rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus. ALX-0061 is currently in Phase II development for rheumatoid
arthritis.  
 • In May 2013, AbbVie entered into a global collaboration with Alvine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop ALV003, a
novel oral treatment for patients with celiac disease. ALV003 is currently in Phase IIb development.  
 

  Virology   

 In October 2012, AbbVie initiated a comprehensive Phase III program for genotype 1 HCV that involves combinations of ABT-450, a
protease inhibitor for HCV infection; ABT-333, a polymerase inhibitor; and ABT-267, a NS5A inhibitor. In December 2013 and January 2014, AbbVie disclosed top-line results from all six of these
registrational studies. AbbVie expects to complete regulatory submissions in the United States and the European Union in the second quarter of 2014 and anticipates commercialization in the United
States before the end of 2014. AbbVie also initiated Phase III development in Japan for HCV infection and expects to submit a regulatory application in Japan in 2015.  

 AbbVie
also recently initiated Phase II studies of its next-generation HCV program which includes ABT-493, a potent protease inhibitor, and ABT-530, AbbVie's new NS5A inhibitor.  

  Oncology   

 AbbVie is focused on the development of targeted treatments that inhibit tumor growth and improve response to common cancer therapies. AbbVie's
later-stage oncology pipeline includes the following.  

 
 
 • Elotuzumab, an anti-CD37 antibody for the treatment of multiple myeloma under a collaboration with Bristol-Myers Squibb.
Phase III development began in June 2011 for multiple myeloma. Two Phase III studies are ongoing with results expected in early 2015.  
 • Veliparib (ABT-888), a PARP-inhibitor. A Phase IIb study in BRCA-mutated breast cancer being treated with
chemotherapy was initiated in 2011. Veliparib is also in Phase II evaluation for the treatment of a variety of other solid tumors, including brain metastases from non-small-cell lung cancer
being treated with radiation therapy and non-small-cell lung cancer in combination with chemotherapy. In January 2014, a Phase III clinical trial was initiated to evaluate the safety and  
 
 37 

 
 
 
   
 
 

 efficacy
of Veliparib when added to carboplatin, a chemotherapy, in women with early-stage, triple-negative breast cancer.  

 
 
 • ABT-199, a next-generation Bcl-2 inhibitor in development for chronic lymphocytic leukemia. In January 2014, a
Phase III evaluation was initiated in collaboration with AbbVie's development partner, Roche Holding AG. AbbVie anticipates results from this trial in early 2015. ABT-199 is also being explored
for use across a number of different hematologic cancers including non-Hodgkin lymphoma, diffuse large b-cell lymphoma and acute myeloid leukemia.  
 • Other molecular targets are being explored with Antibody-Drug Conjugate approaches linking anti-target antibodies with
potent cytotoxic agents.  
 

  Renal Disease   

 AbbVie's renal care pipeline includes atrasentan, for the treatment of diabetic CKD. In 2013, a Phase III study was initiated to assess
atrasentan, when added to standard of care, on progression of kidney disease in patients with stage 2 to 4 CKD and type 2 diabetes. This global registrational study is expected to be
completed in 2017. Atrasentan will potentially be the first compound launched to treat diabetic nephropathy by specifically targeting albuminuria and slowing the progression of CKD. AbbVie is also
investigating ABT-719, in Phase IIb development, for the treatment of acute kidney injury associated with major cardiac surgeries.  

  Neurological Diseases   


 AbbVie has clinical studies underway on multiple compounds that target receptors in the brain that help regulate mood, memory, and other neurological
functions and conditions, including the following.  

 
 
 • AbbVie is collaborating with Biogen Idec to develop daclizumab for the treatment of the relapsing remitting form of
multiple sclerosis (MS), which is the most common form, and affects nearly 85 percent of newly diagnosed MS patients. Daclizumab, an anti-CD25 monoclonal antibody, is currently in
Phase III development.  
 • AbbVie recently completed two Phase IIb studies of ABT-126, an  a 7-NNR
modulator, in both Alzheimer's disease and cognitive deficits of schizophrenia. Based on the results of these studies, AbbVie plans to focus its efforts on the schizophrenia indication.    
 • A levodopa-carbidopa intestinal gel for the treatment of Parkinson's disease is under regulatory review in the United
States and a decision is expected before the end of 2014. This product is sold under the name Duodopa outside the United States.  
 

  Women's Health   

 AbbVie is developing a novel oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist, elagolix, under a collaboration with Neurocrine Biosciences for
the treatment of endometriosis-related pain and uterine fibroids. A Phase III study in endometriosis began in mid-2012 and a Phase IIa study for uterine fibroids was initiated in
November 2011. In 2013, AbbVie initiated a second Phase III trial for endometriosis and the study for uterine fibroids transitioned to Phase IIb.  

  Other   

 Given the numerous sources for potential future growth, no individual project is expected to be material to cash flows or results of operations over
the next five years. Factors considered included R&D expenses projected to be incurred for the project over the next year relative to AbbVie's total R&D expenses as well as qualitative factors, such
as marketplace perceptions and impact of a new  

 38 

 
 
 
   

 product
on AbbVie's overall market position. There were no delays in AbbVie's 2013 R&D activities that are expected to have a material impact on operations.  

 While
the aggregate cost to complete the numerous pharmaceutical projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon AbbVie's ability to
successfully complete each project, the rate at which each project advances, the nature and extent of cost-sharing arrangements, and the ultimate timing for completion. Given the potential for
significant delays and the high rate of failure inherent in the research and development of new pharmaceutical products, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all
projects currently in development. However, AbbVie plans to continue to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve R&D spend equal to approximately 16 percent of net sales each year. AbbVie
does not regularly accumulate or make
management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development phase in a given period.  


  Separation from Abbott Laboratories   

 On January 1, 2013, AbbVie became an independent, publicly-traded company as a result of the distribution by Abbott Laboratories (Abbott) of
100 percent of the outstanding common stock of AbbVie to Abbott's shareholders (the separation). Each Abbott shareholder of record as of the close of business on December 12, 2012,
received one share of AbbVie common stock for each Abbott common share held as of the record date. AbbVie was incorporated in Delaware on April 10, 2012 and is comprised of Abbott's former
research-based pharmaceuticals business. AbbVie's common stock began trading "regular-way" under the ticker symbol "ABBV" on the New York Stock Exchange on January 2, 2013. Refer to the "Basis
of Historical Presentation" section below for further information.  

  Basis of Historical Presentation   

 Prior to the separation, the historical financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis and were derived from Abbott's consolidated
financial statements and accounting records as if the former research-based pharmaceutical business of Abbott had been part of AbbVie for all periods presented. Accordingly, AbbVie's financial
statements for periods prior to January 1, 2013 are presented on a combined basis and reflect AbbVie's financial position, results of operations and cash flows as its business was operated as
part of Abbott prior to the separation, in conformity with GAAP in the United States. The combined financial statements principally represent the historical results of operations and assets and
liabilities of Abbott's Proprietary Pharmaceutical Products segment.  

 The
historical combined financial statements included the allocation of certain assets and liabilities that were historically held at the Abbott corporate level but were specifically identifiable or
allocable to AbbVie. Prior to 2012, cash and equivalents, short-term investments and restricted funds held by Abbott were not allocated to AbbVie unless those assets were held by an entity that was
transferred to AbbVie. As of December 31, 2012, AbbVie's combined balance sheet reflected the direct holdings of AbbVie legal entities. Prior to 2012, long-term debt and short-term borrowings
were not allocated to AbbVie as none of the debt recorded by Abbott was directly attributable to or guaranteed by AbbVie. In 2012, AbbVie issued $14.7 billion of long-term debt with maturities
ranging from three to 30 years and $1.0 billion of commercial paper, which was reflected on AbbVie's combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2012.  

 Prior
to 2012, all intercompany transactions between AbbVie and Abbott were considered to be effectively settled in the historical combined financial statements at the time the transactions were
recorded. As a result, the total net effect of the settlement of these intercompany transactions was reflected in the combined statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2012 and
2011 as a financing activity and in the combined balance sheet at December 31, 2012 as net parent company investment in AbbVie. As of December 31, 2012, outstanding transactions between
AbbVie and Abbott  

 39 

 
 
 
   

 were
reflected in the combined balance sheet outside of net parent company investment in AbbVie Inc. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the aggregate amount due from Abbott totaled
$738 million and $696 million, respectively, and was classified in accounts and other receivables, net. The aggregate amount due to Abbott totaled $876 million and
$923 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and was classified in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.  

 The
historical combined financial statements also reflected an allocation of expenses related to certain Abbott corporate functions, including senior management, legal, human resources, finance,
information technology and quality assurance. These expenses were allocated to AbbVie based on direct usage or benefit where identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of revenues,
headcount, square footage, number of transactions or other measures. AbbVie considers the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable. However, the allocations may not be indicative of
the actual expenses that would have been incurred had AbbVie operated as an independent, stand-alone, publicly-traded company for the periods presented.  

  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

  Net Sales   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Percent change  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 At actual 
currency 
rates  
   
 At constant 
currency 
rates  
   
 
 
 for the years ended (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 10,181 
   
 $ 
 10,435 
   
 $ 
 9,712 
   
   
  (2 
 )% 
   
 8 
 % 
   
  (2 
 )% 
   
 8 
 % 
 
 
   International 
   
   
 8,609 
   
   
 7,945 
   
   
 7,732 
   
   
 8 
 % 
   
 3 
 % 
   
 10 
 % 
   
 8 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 18,790 
   
 $ 
 18,380 
   
 $ 
 17,444 
   
   
 2 
 % 
   
 5 
 % 
   
 3 
 % 
   
 8 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency sales at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. This measure provides information on the change in net sales
assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and the current period. AbbVie believes that the non-GAAP measure of change in net sales at constant currency rates,
when used in conjunction with the GAAP measure of change in net sales at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and can facilitate analysis of the
company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.  

 Sales
growth in 2013 was driven by the continued strength of HUMIRA, both in the United States and internationally as well as sales of key products including Synthroid, Creon and Duodopa. Sales
increased in 2013 despite unfavorable foreign exchange rate fluctuations and the loss of exclusivity for AbbVie's consolidated lipid franchise. Generic competition began in November 2012 for TriCor,
in July 2013 for TRILIPIX and in September of 2013 for Niaspan. The increase in sales in 2012 was primarily due to higher HUMIRA sales, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign currency
and the entry of generic competition for TriCor in November 2012.  

 40 

 
 
 
   

 The
following table details the sales of key products.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Percent change  
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 At actual 
currency 
rates  
   
 At constant 
currency 
rates  
   
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   HUMIRA 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 5,236 
   
 $ 
 4,377 
   
 $ 
 3,427 
   
   
 20 
 % 
   
 28 
 % 
   
 20 
 % 
   
 28 
 % 
 
 
   International 
   
   
 5,423 
   
   
 4,888 
   
   
 4,505 
   
   
 11 
 % 
   
 8 
 % 
   
 12 
 % 
   
 15 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 10,659 
   
 $ 
 9,265 
   
 $ 
 7,932 
   
   
 15 
 % 
   
 17 
 % 
   
 15 
 % 
   
 21 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   AndroGel 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 1,035 
   
 $ 
 1,152 
   
 $ 
 874 
   
   
  (10 
 )% 
   
 32 
 % 
   
  (10 
 )% 
   
 32 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Kaletra 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 244 
   
 $ 
 279 
   
 $ 
 326 
   
   
  (13 
 )% 
   
  (14 
 )% 
   
  (13 
 )% 
   
  (14 
 )% 
 
 
   International 
   
   
 718 
   
   
 734 
   
   
 844 
   
   
  (2 
 )% 
   
  (13 
 )% 
   
  (1 
 )% 
   
  (7 
 )% 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 962 
   
 $ 
 1,013 
   
 $ 
 1,170 
   
   
  (5 
 )% 
   
  (13 
 )% 
   
  (4 
 )% 
   
  (9 
 )% 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Synagis 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   International 
   
 $ 
 827 
   
 $ 
 825 
   
 $ 
 775 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6 
 % 
   
 9 
 % 
   
 9 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Lupron 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 566 
   
 $ 
 569 
   
 $ 
 540 
   
   
  (1 
 )% 
   
 5 
 % 
   
  (1 
 )% 
   
 5 
 % 
 
 
   International 
   
   
 219 
   
   
 231 
   
   
 270 
   
   
  (5 
 )% 
   
  (14 
 )% 
   
  (3 
 )% 
   
  (11 
 )% 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 785 
   
 $ 
 800 
   
 $ 
 810 
   
   
  (2 
 )% 
   
  (1 
 )% 
   
  (1 
 )% 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Synthroid 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 622 
   
 $ 
 551 
   
 $ 
 522 
   
   
 13 
 % 
   
 6 
 % 
   
 13 
 % 
   
 6 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Sevoflurane 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 77 
   
 $ 
 82 
   
 $ 
 88 
   
   
  (5 
 )% 
   
  (7 
 )% 
   
  (5 
 )% 
   
  (7 
 )% 
 
 
   International 
   
   
 491 
   
   
 520 
   
   
 577 
   
   
  (6 
 )% 
   
  (10 
 )% 
   
  (4 
 )% 
   
  (5 
 )% 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 568 
   
 $ 
 602 
   
 $ 
 665 
   
   
  (6 
 )% 
   
  (10 
 )% 
   
  (4 
 )% 
   
  (5 
 )% 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Creon 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 412 
   
 $ 
 353 
   
 $ 
 332 
   
   
 17 
 % 
   
 6 
 % 
   
 17 
 % 
   
 6 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Duodopa 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   International 
   
 $ 
 178 
   
 $ 
 149 
   
 $ 
 125 
   
   
 20 
 % 
   
 19 
 % 
   
 16 
 % 
   
 29 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Dyslipidemia products 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 1,076 
   
 $ 
 2,145 
   
 $ 
 2,504 
   
   
  (50 
 )% 
   
  (14 
 )% 
   
  (50 
 )% 
   
  (14 
 )% 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Other 
   
 $ 
 1,666 
   
 $ 
 1,525 
   
 $ 
 1,735 
   
   
 9 
 % 
   
  (12 
 )% 
   
 10 
 % 
   
  (11 
 )% 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 18,790 
   
 $ 
 18,380 
   
 $ 
 17,444 
   
   
 2 
 % 
   
 5 
 % 
   
 3 
 % 
   
 8 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  On
a constant currency basis, global HUMIRA sales increased 15 percent in 2013 and 21 percent in 2012 as a result of market expansion and higher market share across various countries,
higher pricing in certain geographies and the global launch of the ulcerative colitis indication in 2012. HUMIRA sales continued to expand in the rheumatology, dermatology and gastroenterology
categories. HUMIRA received approvals from the European Commission for the treatment of moderately to severely
active ulcerative colitis in April 2012, the treatment of severe axial spondyloarthritis in July 2012, and the treatment of pediatric patients with severe active Crohn's disease in November
2012. AbbVie is pursuing several new indications to help further differentiate from competitive products and add to the sustainability and future growth of HUMIRA.  

 AndroGel
sales for 2013 were impacted by rebates implemented during the second half of 2012, certain account losses in early 2013 and continued moderation of market growth. The increase in AndroGel  

 41 

 
 
 
   

 sales
in 2012 reflected higher prices, market share gains, the launch of AndroGel 1.62% in the second quarter of 2011, and volume growth in the U.S. testosterone replacement market. AndroGel continues
to hold the number one market share position in the U.S. testosterone replacement market, with approximately 60 percent of the market share. AndroGel 1% sales are expected to be impacted by
generic competition in late 2014.  

 Global
sales of Kaletra declined in 2013 and 2012 primarily due to lower market share resulting from the impact of competition.  

 Synthroid
sales increased 13 percent and 6 percent in 2013 and 2012, respectively, due to strong brand loyalty and market leadership, and price.  

 Sales
of Sevoflurane were impacted in both years by generic competition.  

 Sales
of Creon in 2013 and 2012 grew by 17 percent and 6 percent, respectively. Creon maintains market leadership in the pancreatic enzyme market and continued to capture the vast
majority of new prescription starts in 2013. In the first quarter of 2013, the FDA approved Creon in a 36,000 lipase-unit dose for patients with exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. Creon 36,000 is the
highest dose of pancreatic therapy currently available.  

 Sales
of Duodopa, AbbVie's therapy for advanced Parkinson's disease currently approved in Europe and other international markets, increased 16 percent on a constant currency basis. Duodopa is
currently under regulatory review in the United States and a regulatory decision is expected in 2014.  

 Sales
for AbbVie's consolidated lipid franchise, which includes TriCor, TRILIPIX and Niaspan, declined 50 percent in 2013 and 14 percent in 2012 due to the introduction of generic
versions of these products in the U.S. market and, in 2012, softness in the overall branded cholesterol market. Generic competition began in November 2012 for TriCor, in July 2013 for TRILIPIX, and in
September 2013 for Niaspan. AbbVie expects the negative impact of generic competition on sales to continue in 2014.  

  Gross Margin   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Percent 
change  
   
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
 $ 
 14,209 
   
 $ 
 13,872 
   
 $ 
 12,805 
   
   
 2 
 % 
   
 8 
 % 
 
 
   as a % of net sales 
   
   
 76 
 % 
   
 75 
 % 
   
 73 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
gross profit margin in 2013 reflected the favorable impact of product mix across the product portfolio, including HUMIRA, operational efficiencies, price increases and lower amortization expense
for intangible assets, partially offset by the effect of unfavorable foreign exchange rates. The increase in the gross profit margin in 2012 was primarily due to product mix, improved efficiencies,
higher prices in certain geographies, and the favorable impact of foreign currency, partially offset by pricing pressures in various other markets. The improvement also reflects lower amortization
expense for intangible assets and the impact of restructuring programs implemented in 2011 to realign various manufacturing operations.  

  Selling, General and Administrative   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Percent 
change  
   
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
 $ 
 5,352 
   
 $ 
 4,989 
   
 $ 
 5,894 
   
   
 7 
 % 
   
  (15 
 )% 
 
 
   as a % of net sales 
   
   
 28 
 % 
   
 27 
 % 
   
 34 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  42 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 Selling,
general and administrative (SG&A) expenses in 2013 and 2012 included $228 million and $213 million, respectively, of costs associated with the separation of AbbVie from Abbott.
SG&A expenses in 2013 included restructuring charges aggregating $39 million which principally related to the restructuring of certain commercial operations in conjunction with the loss and
expected loss of exclusivity of certain products. SG&A expenses in 2012 and 2011 included litigation charges of $100 million and $1.5 billion, respectively, related to the Depakote
investigation. Refer to Note 13 for information on the Depakote charge.  

 Excluding
these items from all years, SG&A expenses increased 9 percent and 7 percent in 2013 and 2012, respectively. The increases in SG&A expenses over the three-year period were due
primarily to increased selling and marketing support for new and existing products, including continued spending for HUMIRA, and in 2013, the full year incremental costs of becoming an independent
company.  

  Research and Development and Acquired In-Process Research and Development   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Percent 
change  
   
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
 $ 
 2,855 
   
 $ 
 2,778 
   
 $ 
 2,618 
   
   
 3 
 % 
   
 6 
 % 
 
 
   as a % of net sales 
   
   
 15 
 % 
   
 15 
 % 
   
 15 
 % 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquired in-process research and development 
   
 $ 
 338 
   
 $ 
 288 
   
 $ 
 673 
   
   
 17 
 % 
   
  (57 
 )% 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  R&D
expense in 2013 reflects added funding to support the company's emerging mid- and late-stage pipeline assets and the continued pursuit of additional HUMIRA indications. R&D expense in 2013 and
2012 reflected continued pipeline spending on programs in biologics, neuroscience and virology as well as a $50 million R&D milestone payment related to a product in development for the
treatment of CKD in 2012. R&D expenses also included restructuring charges of $15 million in 2013, $183 million in
2012 and $72 million in 2011. Excluding restructuring charges and milestone payments, R&D expenses increased 11 percent in 2013 and less than 1 percent in 2012.  

 Acquired
in-process research and development (IPR&D) expense in 2013 principally included a charge of $175 million as a result of entering into a global license agreement with Ablynx NV
to develop and commercialize ALX-0061, a charge of $70 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration with Alvine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop ALV003, a charge of
$45 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration with Galapagos NV for cystic fibrosis therapies and charges totaling $48 million as a result of entering into
several other arrangements.  

 IPR&D
expense in 2012 included a charge of $110 million for the acquisition of ABT-719, a charge of $150 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration to develop and
commercialize an oral, next-generation JAK1 inhibitor, and a charge of $28 million as a result of entering into a two-year collaboration agreement to research, develop and commercialize up to
three compounds with Antibody-Drug Conjugate approaches.  

 IPR&D
expense in 2011 included a charge of $188 million for the achievement of a developmental milestone under a licensing agreement for bardoxolone methyl, and charges of $400 million
and $85 million for entering into collaboration agreements for second-generation oral antioxidant inflammation modulators and an anti-CD4 biologic for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and
psoriasis, respectively.  

  Interest Expense   

 Interest expense (income), net in 2013 was $278 million and was comprised primarily of interest expense on outstanding debt, partially offset
by interest income of $21 million. In November 2012, AbbVie issued $14.7 billion of long-term debt with maturities ranging from three to 30 years and  

 43 

 
 
 
   

 entered
into interest rate swaps with various financial institutions, which converted $8.0 billion of its fixed rate interest rate debt to floating interest rate debt. In addition, AbbVie
issued $1.0 billion of commercial paper in the fourth quarter of 2012. The balance of commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 2013 was $400 million.  

 Interest
expense, net in 2012 of $84 million was comprised primarily of interest expense on outstanding debt and bridge facility fees related to the separation from Abbott, partially offset by
interest income of $20 million.  

  Other (Income) Expense   

 Other (income) expense, net, included expenses of $11 million in 2013, $29 million in 2012 and $56 million in 2011 of fair value
adjustments to the contingent consideration related to an acquisition of a business in 2010. Other (income) expense, net, for 2013, 2012 and 2011 also included ongoing contractual payments associated
with the conclusion of a preexisting joint venture arrangement dissolved in 2008. Other (income) expense, net, in 2012 included income of $21 million from the resolution of a contractual
agreement and a loss of $52 million for the impairment of an equity security.  

  Income Tax Expense   

 The income tax rates were 22.6 percent in 2013, 7.9 percent in 2012 and 6.4 percent in 2011. Income taxes in 2012 and 2011
included the recognition of tax benefits totaling approximately $195 million and $410 million, respectively, as a result of favorable resolutions of various tax positions pertaining to
prior years. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2013 over 2012 is principally due to income tax expense related to certain 2013 earnings outside the United States that are not expected to be
indefinitely reinvested and the absence of the $195 million of tax benefits recorded in 2012 as a result of the favorable resolution of various tax positions pertaining to a prior year. Income
taxes in 2011 also reflected the non-deductibility of a litigation reserve.  

  Transition from Abbott and Cost to Operate as an Independent Company   

 AbbVie's historical financial statements for periods prior to January 1, 2013 are presented on a combined basis and reflect AbbVie's financial
position, results of operations and cash flows as its business was operated as part of Abbott, rather than as an independent company. AbbVie has and will continue to incur additional ongoing operating
expenses to operate as an independent company, including the cost of various corporate headquarters functions, incremental information technology-related costs, and incremental costs to operate a
stand-alone back office infrastructure outside the United States.  

 AbbVie's
transition services agreements with Abbott in the United States cover certain corporate support services that AbbVie has historically received from Abbott. Such services include information
technology, accounts payable, payroll, and other financial functions, as well as engineering support for various facilities, quality assurance support, and other administrative services. The terms of
the services under the agreements vary by activity. These agreements facilitate the separation by allowing AbbVie to operate independently prior to establishing stand-alone back office functions
across its organization.  

 As
of the date of the separation, AbbVie did not have sufficient back office infrastructure to operate in markets outside the United States. As a result, AbbVie entered into transition services
agreements with Abbott to provide services outside the United States, including back office services in certain countries, for up to two years after separation. The back office services provided
include information technology, accounts payable, payroll, receivables collection, treasury and other financial functions, as well as order entry, warehousing, and other administrative services. These
transition services agreements have allowed AbbVie to operate its international pharmaceuticals business independently prior to  

 44 

 
 
 
   

 establishing
a stand-alone back office infrastructure for all countries. During the transition from Abbott, AbbVie has and will continue to incur non-recurring expenses to expand its international
infrastructure. In addition, in certain international markets as of the date of the separation and as of December 31, 2013, certain marketing authorizations to sell AbbVie's products continued
to be held by Abbott until such authorizations could be transferred through the applicable regulatory channels.  


 It
is not practicable to estimate the costs that would have been incurred in each of the periods presented in the historical financial statements for the functions described above. Actual costs that
would have been incurred if AbbVie operated as a stand-alone company during these periods would have depended on various factors, including organizational design, outsourcing and other strategic
decisions related to corporate functions, information technology, and international back office infrastructure. Refer to Note 1 for further description of transactions between AbbVie and
Abbott.  

  FINANCIAL POSITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Cash flows provided by/(used in): 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Operating activities 
   
 $ 
 6,267 
   
 $ 
 6,345 
   
 $ 
 6,247 
   
 
 
   Investing activities 
   
   
 879 
   
   
 (2,418 
 ) 
   
 553 
   
 
 
   Financing activities 
   
   
 (3,442 
 ) 
   
 1,931 
   
   
 (6,783 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Strong
cash flows from operating activities were driven by net earnings and focused working capital management. In 2013, cash flows from operating activities also reflected cash paid for taxes of
$1.3 billion, cash paid for interest of $283 million and a voluntary contribution to its main domestic defined benefit pension plan of $145 million. In 2012, cash flows from
operating activities reflected cash paid for interest of $61 million and a voluntary contribution to its sponsored pension plans of $46 million. In 2011, AbbVie recorded non-cash charges
of $1.5 billion in accrued liabilities to establish a litigation reserve related to claims on AbbVie's previous sales and marketing activities for Depakote. AbbVie made payments of
$1.6 billion in 2012 to settle these claims.  

 Cash
flows from investing activities in 2013 and 2012 reflected capital expenditures, net sales (purchases) of short-term investments and payments related to certain collaboration, license and
acquisition agreements. Refer to Note 5 to the audited consolidated financial statements included under Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" for information regarding
significant collaboration, license and acquisition agreements.  

 AbbVie
issued senior notes of $14.7 billion in November 2012 and $1.0 billion of commercial paper in December 2012. Abbott's guarantee of the senior notes terminated upon the
distribution of AbbVie common stock to the shareholders of Abbott upon the separation on January 1, 2013. The senior notes, which have maturities ranging from three to 30 years, may be
redeemed at any time, except the floating rate notes and some of the senior notes of each series, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount plus a make-whole premium. In 2013, the company
issued and redeemed commercial paper. The balance of commercial paper outstanding at December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $400 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, at
weighted-average interest rates of 0.2% and 0.4%, respectively, for each period. AbbVie may retire or issue additional commercial paper to meet liquidity requirements as needed. Historically, cash
flows from financing activities represented cash transactions with Abbott.  

 The
company's cash and equivalents and short-term investments increased from $8.0 billion at December 31, 2012 to $9.9 billion at December 31, 2013. During 2012, Abbott
contributed approximately $4.4 billion of cash to newly formed AbbVie entities, and AbbVie distributed $13.2 billion in cash and debt securities to Abbott. Subsequent to the separation,
effective January 1, 2013, AbbVie no longer participates in cash management and funding arrangements with Abbott.  

 45 

 
 
 
   

 While
a significant portion of cash and equivalents at December 31, 2013 are considered reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries, AbbVie does not expect such reinvestment to affect its
liquidity and capital resources. If these funds were needed for operations in the United States, AbbVie would be required to accrue and pay U.S. income taxes to repatriate these funds. AbbVie believes
that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to support its assumption that the disclosed amount of undistributed earnings at December 31, 2013 has been reinvested indefinitely.  

 A
quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share was paid on common stock in 2013 resulting in total dividends paid of $2.56 billion for 2013. On December 12, 2013, the board of directors
declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per share for stockholders of record on January 15, 2014, payable on February 14, 2014. AbbVie expects to pay a regular quarterly cash
dividend; however, the timing, declaration, amount of, and payment of any dividends is within the discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including AbbVie's financial
condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of AbbVie's debt service obligations, legal
requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets, and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors.  

 On
February 15, 2013, the company announced a $1.5 billion stock repurchase program, which was effective immediately. Purchases of AbbVie common stock may be made from time to time at
management's discretion. The plan has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. During 2013, AbbVie repurchased approximately 4 million shares of common stock for $223 million
in the open market. AbbVie's remaining stock repurchase authorization is $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2013.  

 Substantially
all of AbbVie's trade receivables in Greece, Portugal, Italy and Spain are with governmental health systems. Global economic conditions and liquidity issues in these countries have
resulted, and may continue to result, in delays in the collection of receivables and credit losses. While the company continues to receive payments on these receivables, these conditions have resulted
in an increase in the average length of time it takes to collect accounts receivable outstanding.  

 Outstanding
net governmental receivables in these countries at December 31 were as follows.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Net receivables  
   
 Net receivables 
over one year 
past due  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Greece 
   
 $ 
 37 
   
 $ 
 52 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 13 
   
 
 
   Portugal 
   
   
 59 
   
   
 80 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 23 
   
 
 
   Italy 
   
   
 245 
   
   
 308 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 40 
   
 
 
   Spain 
   
   
 440 
   
   
 285 
   
   
 135 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 781 
   
 $ 
 725 
   
 $ 
 160 
   
 $ 
 78 
   
 
 
 


 




 



  
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 



  
   
 
 
 
  
  With
the exception of Greece, AbbVie historically has collected almost all of the outstanding receivables in these countries. AbbVie continues to monitor the creditworthiness of customers located in
these and other geographic areas and establishes an allowance against an accounts receivable when it is probable they will not be collected. In addition to closely monitoring economic conditions and
budgetary and other fiscal developments in these countries, AbbVie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains
positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. AbbVie also monitors the potential for and periodically has utilized factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk although the receivables
included in such arrangements have historically not been a material amount of total outstanding receivables. If government funding were to become unavailable in these countries or if significant
adverse changes in their reimbursement practices were to occur, AbbVie may not be able to collect the entire balance.  

 46 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 





 




 


 

  Credit Facility, Access to Capital and Credit Ratings   

  Credit Facility   

 AbbVie currently has a $2.0 billion unsecured five-year revolving credit facility from a syndicate of lenders, entered into in July 2012,
which also supports commercial paper borrowings. As of the date of separation, January 1, 2013, Abbott's obligations under this facility were relieved and AbbVie became the sole obligor. The
credit facility enables the company to borrow funds at floating interest rates. At December 31, 2013, the company was in compliance with all its credit facility covenants. Commitment fees under
the new credit facility are not material. There were no amounts outstanding on the credit facility on December 31, 2013.  

  Access to Capital   

 The company intends to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations or
by issuing additional debt. The company's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a
material decline in
the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings or other material unfavorable changes in
business conditions. At the current time, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on
acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives.  

  Credit Ratings   

 Credit ratings of Baa1 and A assigned to AbbVie in 2012 by Moody's Investor Service and Standard & Poor's Corporate, respectively, have not
changed as of December 31, 2013. Unfavorable changes to the ratings may have an adverse impact on future financing arrangements; however, they would not affect the company's ability to draw on
its credit facility and would not result in an acceleration of the scheduled maturities of any of the company's outstanding debt.  


  Contractual Obligations   

 The following table summarizes AbbVie's estimated contractual obligations as of December 31, 2013.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 Total 
   
 Less than 
one year 
   
 One to 
three years 
   
 Three to 
five years 
   
 More than 
five years 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
   
 $ 
 413 
   
 $ 
 413 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt and capital lease obligations, including current portion 
   
   
 14,798 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 4,023 
   
   
 5,014 
   
   
 5,743 
   
 
 
   Interest on long-term debt(a) 
   
   
 4,882 
   
   
 281 
   
   
 633 
   
   
 621 
   
   
 3,347 
   
 
 
   Future minimum non-cancelable operating lease commitments 
   
   
 875 
   
   
 87 
   
   
 150 
   
   
 108 
   
   
 530 
   
 
 
   Purchase obligations and other(b) 
   
   
 26 
   
   
 26 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other long-term liabilities(c) 
   
   
 1,258 
   
   
 390 
   
   
 182 
   
   
 306 
   
   
 380 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 22,252 
   
 $ 
 1,215 
   
 $ 
 4,988 
   
 $ 
 6,049 
   
 $ 
 10,000 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (a) Includes
estimated future interest payments on long-term debt securities and capital lease obligations. Interest payments on debt are calculated for future
periods using interest rates in effect at the end of 2013. Projected interest payments include the related effects of interest rate swap agreements. Certain of these projected interest payments may
differ in the future based on changes in floating interest rates or other factors or events. The projected interest payments only  
  
  47 

 
 
 
   
  
  

 pertain
to obligations and agreements outstanding at December 31, 2013. Refer to Notes 8 and 9 for further discussion regarding the company's debt instruments and related interest rate
agreements outstanding at December 31, 2013. Annual interest on capital lease obligations is not material.   

 
 
 (b) Includes
the company's significant unconditional purchase obligations. These commitments do not exceed the company's projected requirements and are made in
the normal course of business.
 (c) Amounts
less than one year includes a voluntary contribution of $370 million AbbVie made to its main domestic defined benefit plan subsequent to
December 31, 2013. Amounts otherwise exclude pension and other post-employment benefits and related deferred compensation cash outflows. Timing of funding is uncertain and dependent on future
movements in interest rates and investment returns, changes in laws and regulations, and other variables. Also included in this amount are components of other long-term liabilities including
restructuring and an expected payment related to the contingent sales-based payment recognized as part of the acquisition of a business in 2013. Refer to Notes 7 and 9 for further information.  
  
  AbbVie
enters into R&D collaboration arrangements with third parties that may require future milestone payments to third parties contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory or
commercial milestones. Individually, these arrangements are not material in any one annual reporting period. However, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements would happen to
be reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate charge to expense could be material to the results of operations in that period. From a business perspective, the payments are viewed as positive
because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate cash flows from product sales. It is not possible to predict with
reasonable certainty whether these milestones will be achieved or the timing for achievement. As a result, these potential payments are not included in the table of contractual obligations. Refer to
Note 5 for further discussion of these collaboration arrangements.  

  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   

 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires the use of estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. A summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in
Note 2. Certain of these policies are considered
critical as these most significantly impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need
to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results may vary from these estimates.  

  Revenue Recognition   


 AbbVie recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and
collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured. Revenue from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss have passed to the customer.  

  Rebates   

 AbbVie provides rebates to pharmacy benefit management companies, state agencies that administer the federal Medicaid program, insurance companies
that administer Medicare drug plans, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations, and other government agencies and private entities. Rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases
using contractual or statutory prices for a product. For each type of rebate, the factors used in the calculations of the accrual for that rebate include the identification of which products have been
sold subject to the rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply for that rebate, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of the  

 48 

 
 
 
   

 rebate.
Using historical trends for that rebate, adjusted for current changes, AbbVie estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when
AbbVie records its sale of the product. Settlement of the rebate generally occurs from two to eight months after sale. AbbVie regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to
reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs.  

 Rebate
and chargeback accruals are recorded in the same period as the related sales, and are reflected as a reduction of sales. Rebates and chargebacks in 2013, 2012 and 2011 totaled
$4.9 billion, $4.3 billion and $3.7 billion, respectively, or 30 percent, 28 percent and 25 percent, respectively, of the gross sales
subject to rebate. A one-percentage point increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales would decrease net sales by $160 million in 2013. AbbVie considers a one-percentage point
increase to be a reasonably likely increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales. Other allowances for cash discounts and returns charged against gross sales were $748 million,
$667 million and $617 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

 Management
analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. In the United States, the most significant charges against gross sales are for Medicaid and Medicare rebates, managed
care rebates and wholesaler chargebacks. Medicaid rebates relate to the Federal Medicaid program, which is administered by state agencies, whereby rebates are provided to participating state and local
government entities under various laws and regulations and in some cases supplemental rebates are also provided to the states under contractual agreements. Medicare rebates are negotiated with managed
care organizations that manage prescription drug plans covering the Medicare Part D drug benefit. Pharmacy benefit manager rebates arise from contractual agreements with private health care
plans that seek to reduce costs by negotiating discounts with pharmaceuticals manufacturers. Under wholesaler chargeback programs, the wholesaler charges AbbVie back for the difference between the
price paid by the wholesaler to AbbVie and the price paid by the end customer to the wholesaler under contractual discount agreements negotiated between AbbVie and the end customer. In order to
evaluate the adequacy of the ending accrual balances, for each type of rebate, management uses both internal and external data to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel and the
rebate claims processing lag time for that rebate. External data sources used to estimate the inventory in the distribution channel include inventory levels periodically reported by wholesalers.
Management estimates the processing lag time based on periodic sampling of claims data. To estimate the rebate percentage or net price, systems and calculations are used to track sales by product and
by customer or payer and to estimate the contractual or statutory rebate or net price. AbbVie believes systems and calculations are reliable.  

 49 

 
 
 
   

 The
following table is an analysis of the three largest rebate accruals and chargeback allowances, which comprise approximately 88 percent of the combined rebate provisions charged against
revenues in 2013. Remaining rebate provisions charged against gross sales are not significant in the determination of operating earnings.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 Medicaid 
and 
Medicare 
Rebates 
   
 Managed 
Care 
Rebates 
   
 Wholesaler 
Chargebacks 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2010 
   
 $ 
 634 
   
 $ 
 410 
   
 $ 
 159 
   
 
 
   Provisions 
   
   
 985 
   
   
 831 
   
   
 1,361 
   
 
 
   Payments 
   
   
 (899 
 ) 
   
 (735 
 ) 
   
 (1,349 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 720 
   
   
 506 
   
   
 171 
   
 
 
   Provisions 
   
   
 1,077 
   
   
 830 
   
   
 1,645 
   
 
 
   Payments 
   
   
 (990 
 ) 
   
 (840 
 ) 
   
 (1,592 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 807 
   
   
 496 
   
   
 224 
   
 
 
   Provisions 
   
   
 1,028 
   
   
 846 
   
   
 2,362 
   
 
 
   Payments 
   
   
 (1,168 
 ) 
   
 (883 
 ) 
   
 (2,374 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 667 
   
 $ 
 459 
   
 $ 
 212 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Historically,
adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. AbbVie employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and where possible,
works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. For Medicaid, Medicare and other government agency programs, the calculation of a
rebate involves interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation.  


  Cash Discounts and Returns   

 Cash discounts can be reliably estimated. Product returns can be reliably estimated because AbbVie's historical returns are low, and because sales
return terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods.  

  Pension and Post-Employment Benefits   

 AbbVie engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under the plans that are direct obligations of AbbVie.
The valuation of the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost for these plans are calculated using actuarial assumptions. The significant assumptions, which are reviewed annually, include the
discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the health care cost trend rates. The significant
assumptions used in determining these calculations are disclosed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements.  

 The
discount rate is selected based on current market rates on high-quality, fixed-income investments at December 31 each year. AbbVie employs a yield-curve approach for countries where a
robust bond market exists. The yield curve is developed using high-quality bonds. The discount rate is the single rate that equates the discounted cash flows to the rates utilizing the yield curve. As
a result, the yield-curve approach reflects the specific cash flows for plans (i.e. duration) in calculating the discount rate. For other countries, AbbVie reviews various indices such as
corporate bond and government bond benchmarks to estimate the discount rate. AbbVie's assumed discount rate has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension and
post-employment plans as of December 31, 2013 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2014. A 0.5% change in the assumed  

 50 

 
 
 
   

 discount
rate would have had the following effects on AbbVie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2014 and projected benefit obligations as of December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 50 basis point  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Increase 
   
 Decrease 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Defined benefit plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Service cost and interest cost 
   
 $ 
 (37 
 ) 
 $ 
 38 
   
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
   
 (329 
 ) 
   
 358 
   
 
 
   Other post-employment plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Service cost and interest cost 
   
 $ 
 (3 
 ) 
 $ 
 4 
   
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
   
 (30 
 ) 
   
 34 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset allocation, historical performance and the current view of expected future returns. AbbVie considers these inputs with a long-term focus to
avoid short-term market influences. The current long-term rate of return on plan assets is supported by the historical performance of the trust's actual and target asset allocation. AbbVie's assumed
expected long-term rate of return has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension plans as of December 31, 2013 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic
benefit cost in 2014. As of December 31, 2013, a 1% change in assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would have increased or decreased the net period benefit cost of these
plans in 2014 by $28 million.  

 The
health care cost trend rate is selected by reviewing historical trends and current views on projected future health care cost increases. The current health care cost trend rate is supported by the
historical trend experience of the plan. Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans as of December 31, 2013 and will be used in
the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2014. A 1% change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the
following effects on AbbVie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2014 and projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 One percentage 
point  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Increase 
   
 Decrease 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Service cost and interest cost 
   
 $ 
 13 
   
 $ 
 (9 
 ) 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
   
 71 
   
   
 (56 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Income Taxes   

 AbbVie accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Provisions for federal, state and foreign income taxes are calculated on
reported pretax earnings based on current tax laws. Deferred taxes are provided using enacted tax rates on the future tax consequences of temporary differences, which are the differences between the
financial statement carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and the tax benefits of carryforwards. A valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on
currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.  

  Litigation   

 The company is subject to contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims that arise in the normal course of business. Refer to Note 13
for further information. Loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount
within a probable range is recorded. Accordingly, AbbVie is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss, and therefore the minimum amount, which could be  

 51 

 
 
 
   

 zero,
is recorded. As information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss
provisions. Occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected. There were no significant
litigation reserves at December 31, 2013.  

  Valuation of Goodwill and Intangible Assets   

 AbbVie has acquired and may continue to acquire significant intangible assets in connection with business combinations that AbbVie records at fair
value. Transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the pharmaceuticals industry and valuations are usually based on a discounted
cash flow analysis incorporating the stage of completion. The discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal
values and market participants. Each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. IPR&D acquired in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived
intangible asset until regulatory approval is obtained, at which time, it is accounted for as a definite-lived asset and amortized over its estimated useful life. IPR&D acquired in transactions that
are not business combinations is expensed immediately, unless deemed to have an alternative future use. Payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized
over the remaining useful life.  

 AbbVie
reviews the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to IPR&D, are reviewed for impairment annually or
when an event that could result in an impairment occurs. Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.  

 For
its impairment reviews, the company uses an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in
working capital use, foreign currency exchange rates, the selection of an appropriate discount rate, asset groupings and other assumptions and estimates. The estimates and assumptions used are
consistent with the company's business plans and a market participant's views of a company and similar companies. The use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the
estimated fair value of the assets, and potentially result in different impacts to the company's results of operations. Actual results may differ from the company's estimates.  

 At
December 31, 2013 and 2012, goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization totaled $8.2 billion and $8.5 billion, respectively, and amortization expense for intangible
assets was $509 million, $625 million and $764 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. There were no impairments of goodwill in 2013, 2012 or 2011 and the results of the
last impairment test indicated that the fair value of AbbVie's single reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value. In 2012 and 2011, AbbVie recorded impairment charges of
$13 million and $46 million, respectively, for certain projects under development. These charges are included in R&D expenses.  

  CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS   

  Legislative Issues   

 In the first quarter of 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively
referred to herein as "health care reform legislation") were signed into law in the United States. Health care reform legislation included an increase in the basic Medicaid rebate rate from
15.1 percent to 23.1 percent and extended the rebate to drugs provided through Medicaid managed care organizations. Starting in 2011, additional rebates were incurred  

 52 

 
 
 
   

 related
to the Medicare Part D coverage gap "donut hole." These Medicare and Medicaid rebate changes will continue to have a negative effect on AbbVie's gross profit margin in future years.  

 In
2011, AbbVie began recording the annual fee imposed by health care reform legislation on companies that sell branded prescription drugs to specified government programs. The amount of the annual
fee, which totaled approximately $110 million in 2013 and $100 million in both 2012 and 2011, is based on the ratio of certain of AbbVie's sales as compared to the total such sales of
all covered entities multiplied by a fixed dollar amount specified in the legislation by year. The fee is not tax deductible and is included in SG&A expenses.  

 AbbVie's
markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations. AbbVie expects debate to continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care
products and services. It is not possible to predict the extent to which AbbVie or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. A more complete
discussion of these factors is contained in Item 1, "Business" and Item 1A, "Risk Factors."  

 53 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

   
       ITEM 7A.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK          

 The company is exposed to risk that its earnings, cash flows and equity could be adversely impacted by changes in foreign exchange rates and interest
rates. Certain derivative instruments are used when available on a cost-effective basis to hedge the company's underlying economic exposures. Refer to Note 9 for further information regarding
the company's financial instruments and hedging strategies.  

  Foreign Currency Risk   

 AbbVie's primary net foreign currency exposures are the Euro, British pound and Japanese yen. Various AbbVie foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign
currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates for anticipated transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the local
entity. These contracts are designated as cash flow hedges of the variability of the cash flows due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and are marked-to-market with the resulting gains or
losses reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Deferred gains or losses on these contracts are included in cost of products sold at the time the products are sold to a third party,
generally within twelve months. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, AbbVie held $1.5 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively, in notional amounts of such contracts.  

 AbbVie
enters into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage its exposure to foreign currency denominated trade payables and receivables and intercompany loans. The contracts, which are
not designated as hedges, are marked-to-market, and resulting gains or losses are reflected in net foreign exchange loss (gain) and are generally offset by losses or gains on the foreign currency
exposure being managed. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, AbbVie held notional amounts of $5.3 billion and $4.3 billion, respectively, of such foreign currency forward exchange
contracts.  

 The
following table reflects the total foreign currency forward contracts outstanding at December 31.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Contract 
amount 
   
 Weighted 
average 
exchange 
rate 
   
 Fair and 
carrying 
value 
receivable/ 
(payable) 
   
 Contract 
amount 
   
 Weighted 
average 
exchange 
rate 
   
 Fair and 
carrying 
value 
receivable/ 
(payable) 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Receive primarily U.S. dollars in exchange for the following currencies: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Euro 
   
 $ 
 4,650 
   
   
 1.359 
   
 $ 
 (56 
 ) 
 $ 
 3,649 
   
   
 1.315 
   
 $ 
 (10 
 ) 
 
 
   British pound 
   
   
 492 
   
   
 1.638 
   
   
 (3 
 ) 
   
 91 
   
   
 1.612 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Japanese yen 
   
   
 401 
   
   
 103.2 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 323 
   
   
 84.4 
   
   
 5 
   
 
 
   All other currencies 
   
   
 1,308 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 1,199 
   
   
 N/A 
   
   
 (5 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 6,851 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 (56 
 ) 
 $ 
 5,262 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 (10 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
company estimates that a 10 percent appreciation in the underlying currencies being hedged from their levels against the U.S. dollar, with all other variables held constant, would decrease
the fair value of foreign exchange forward contracts by $692 million at December 31, 2013. If realized, this appreciation would negatively affect earnings over the remaining life of the
contacts. A 10 percent appreciation is believed to be a reasonably possible near-term change in foreign currencies. Gains and losses on the hedging instruments offset losses and gains on the
hedged transactions and reduce the earnings and stockholders' equity volatility relating to foreign exchange.  

 Currency
restrictions enacted in Venezuela require AbbVie to obtain approval from the Venezuelan government to exchange Venezuelan bolivars for U.S. dollars and require such exchange to be made at the
official exchange rate established by the government. Effective February 8, 2013, the Venezuelan government devalued the official exchange rate from 4.3 to 6.3, which resulted in a loss of
$11 million  

 54 

 
 
 
   

 in
the first quarter of 2013 recorded in net foreign exchange loss (gain) on the consolidated statement of earnings for 2013.  

  Interest Rate Risk   

 Interest rate swaps are used to manage the company's exposure of changes in interest rates on the fair value of fixed-rate debt. The effect of these
hedges is to change the fixed interest rate to a variable rate. AbbVie does not use derivative instruments, such as interest rate swaps, to manage its exposure to changes in interest rates for
investment securities. At both December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, AbbVie had interest rate hedge contracts totaling $8.0 billion. The company estimates that an increase in
the interest rates of 100-basis points would have decrease the fair value of our interest rate swap contracts by approximately $411 million at December 31, 2013. If realized, the fair
value reduction would affect earnings over the remaining life of the contracts. The company estimates that an increase of 100-basis points in long-term interest rates would decrease the fair value of
long-term debt by $848 million at December 31, 2013. A 100-basis point change is believed to be a reasonably possible near-term change in interest rates.  

  Market Price Sensitive Investments   

 AbbVie holds available-for-sale equity securities from strategic technology acquisitions. The fair value of these investments was approximately
$49 million and $12 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. AbbVie monitors these investments for other than temporary declines in market value, and charges
impairment losses to income when an other than temporary decline in value occurs. A hypothetical 20 percent decrease in the share prices of these investments would have had an immaterial
decrease to their fair value at December 31, 2013. A 20 percent decrease is believed to be a reasonably possible near-term change in share prices.  

  Non-Publicly Traded Equity Securities   

 AbbVie holds equity securities from strategic technology acquisitions that are not traded on public stock exchanges. The carrying value of these
investments was approximately
$58 million and $72 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. AbbVie monitors these investments for other than temporary declines in market value, and charges
impairment losses to income when an other than temporary decline in estimated value occurs.  

 55 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

       ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Page  
 
 
   Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
   
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
   
 57 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
   
 58 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets 
   
 59 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Equity 
   
 60 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
   
 61 
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
   
 62 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 99 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
   
 100 
 
 
 
 
  
  56 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
   

   
       AbbVie Inc. and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Statements of Earnings          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions, except per share data) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 18,790 
   
 $ 
 18,380 
   
 $ 
 17,444 
   
 
 
   Cost of products sold 
   
   
 
4,581 
   
   
 
4,508 
   
   
 
4,639 
   
 
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
   
   
 5,352 
   
   
 4,989 
   
   
 5,894 
   
 
 
   Research and development 
   
   
 2,855 
   
   
 2,778 
   
   
 2,618 
   
 
 
   Acquired in-process research and development 
   
   
 338 
   
   
 288 
   
   
 673 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total operating costs and expenses 
   
   
 13,126 
   
   
 12,563 
   
   
 13,824 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Operating earnings 
   
   
 5,664 
   
   
 5,817 
   
   
 3,620 
   
 
 
   Interest expense (income), net 
   
   
 
278 
   
   
 
84 
   
   
 
(20 
 ) 
 
 
   Net foreign exchange loss (gain) 
   
   
 55 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 (30 
 ) 
 
 
   Other (income) expense, net 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 (9 
 ) 
   
 2 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Earnings before income tax expense 
   
   
 5,332 
   
   
 5,725 
   
   
 3,668 
   
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 1,204 
   
   
 450 
   
   
 235 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
 $ 
 4,128 
   
 $ 
 5,275 
   
 $ 
 3,433 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Per share data 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
 $ 
 2.58 
   
 $ 
 3.35 
   
 $ 
 2.18 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
 $ 
 2.56 
   
 $ 
 3.35 
   
 $ 
 2.18 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share(a) 
   
 $ 
 2.00 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
 
 
   Weighted-average basic shares outstanding(b) 
   
   
 
1,589 
   
   
 
1,577 
   
   
 
1,577 
   
 
 
   Weighted-average diluted shares outstanding(b) 
   
   
 1,604 
   
   
 1,577 
   
   
 1,577 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (a) On
January 4, 2013, the board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock. This dividend was declared from
pre-separation earnings and was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. In addition, AbbVie declared regular quarterly cash dividends in 2013 aggregating $1.60 per share of common
stock. Refer to Note 11 for information regarding cash dividends declared in 2013.
 (b) On
January 1, 2013, Abbott Laboratories distributed 1,577 million shares of AbbVie common stock. For periods prior to the separation, the
weighted-average basic and diluted shares outstanding was based on the number of shares of AbbVie common stock outstanding on the distribution date. Refer to Note 4 for information regarding
the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the year ended December 31, 2013.   
  

    
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 57 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
   

   
       AbbVie Inc. and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
 $ 
 4,128 
   
 $ 
 5,275 
   
 $ 
 3,433 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency translation gain (loss) adjustments, net of tax expense of $71 in 2013 
   
   
 
48 
   
   
 
173 
   
   
 
(295 
 ) 
 
 
   Pension and post-employment benefits, net of tax expense (benefit) of $309 in 2013, $(24) in 2012 and $(12) in 2011 
   
   
 598 
   
   
 (150 
 ) 
   
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on marketable equity securities, net of tax expense (benefit) of $—in 2013, $(15) in 2012 and $10 in 2011 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (25 
 ) 
   
 17 
   
 
 
   Hedging activities, net of tax (benefit) of $—in 2013, $(8) in 2012 and $(8) in 2011 
   
   
 (77 
 ) 
   
 (27 
 ) 
   
 (28 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 570 
   
   
 (29 
 ) 
   
 (313 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Comprehensive income 
   
 $ 
 4,698 
   
 $ 
 5,246 
   
 $ 
 3,120 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 58 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
   

   
       AbbVie Inc. and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Balance Sheets          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 as of December 31 (in millions, except share data) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Current assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and equivalents 
   
 $ 
 9,595 
   
 $ 
 5,901 
   
 
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 2,075 
   
 
 
   Accounts and other receivables, net 
   
   
 3,854 
   
   
 4,298 
   
 
 
   Inventories, net 
   
   
 1,150 
   
   
 1,091 
   
 
 
   Income tax receivable 
   
   
 949 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
   
 766 
   
   
 669 
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other 
   
   
 1,234 
   
   
 1,320 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total current assets 
   
   
 17,848 
   
   
 15,354 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Investments 
   
   
 
118 
   
   
 
119 
   
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
   
 2,298 
   
   
 2,247 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets, net of amortization 
   
   
 1,890 
   
   
 2,323 
   
 
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 6,277 
   
   
 6,130 
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 767 
   
   
 835 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 29,198 
   
 $ 
 27,008 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities and Equity 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Current liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
   
 $ 
 413 
   
 $ 
 1,020 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 22 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
   
   
 6,448 
   
   
 5,734 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total current liabilities 
   
   
 6,879 
   
   
 6,776 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Long-term liabilities 
   
   
 
3,535 
   
   
 
2,239 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations 
   
   
 14,292 
   
   
 14,630 
   
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Equity 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net parent company investment in AbbVie Inc., prior to separation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,713 
   
 
 
   Stockholders' equity 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Common stock, $0.01 par value, authorized 4,000,000,000 shares, issued 1,594,260,996 shares in 2013 
   
   
 16 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common stock held in treasury, at cost, 6,900,434 shares in 2013 
   
   
 (320 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Additional paid-in-capital 
   
   
 3,671 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Retained earnings 
   
   
 1,567 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (442 
 ) 
   
 (350 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total stockholders' equity 
   
   
 4,492 
   
   
 (350 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total equity 
   
   
 
4,492 
   
   
 
3,363 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total liabilities and equity 
   
 $ 
 
29,198 
   
 $ 
 
27,008 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 59 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
   

   
       AbbVie Inc. and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Statements of Equity          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 
(in millions) 
   
 Common 
shares 
outstanding 
   
 Common 
stock 
   
 Treasury 
stock 
   
 Additional 
paid-in 
capital 
   
 Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
Income (loss) 
   
 Retained 
earnings 
   
 Net parent 
company 
investment 
   
 Total 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2010 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 288 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 15,415 
   
 $ 
 15,703 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,433 
   
 $ 
 3,433 
   
 
 
   Net transactions with Abbott Laboratories 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (6,891 
 ) 
 $ 
 (6,891 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (313 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 (313 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 11,957 
   
 $ 
 11,932 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,275 
   
 $ 
 5,275 
   
 
 
   Net transactions with Abbott Laboratories 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (13,519 
 ) 
 $ 
 (13,519 
 ) 
 
 
   Assumption of accumulated unrealized losses on pension and other post-employment benefits, net of tax benefit of $36 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (296 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 (296 
 ) 
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (29 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 (29 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (350 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 3,713 
   
 $ 
 3,363 
   
 
 
   Separation-related adjustments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,316 
 ) 
   
 (662 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 707 
   
 $ 
 (1,271 
 ) 
 
 
   Reclassification of parent company net investment in connection with separation 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,420 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (4,420 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Issuance of common stock at separation 
   
   
 1,577 
   
   
 16 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (16 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,128 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 4,128 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 570 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 570 
   
 
 
   Dividends declared 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,561 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 (2,561 
 ) 
 
 
   Share repurchases 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (223 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 (223 
 ) 
 
 
   Stock-based compensation plans, net of tax benefits of $(38), and other 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (97 
 ) 
   
 583 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 486 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 1,587 
   
 $ 
 16 
   
 $ 
 (320 
 ) 
 $ 
 3,671 
   
 $ 
 (442 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,567 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 4,492 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 60 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
   

   
       AbbVie Inc. and Subsidiaries              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) (brackets denote cash outflows) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
 $ 
 4,128 
   
 $ 
 5,275 
   
 $ 
 3,433 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation 
   
   
 388 
   
   
 525 
   
   
 508 
   
 
 
   Amortization of intangible assets 
   
   
 509 
   
   
 625 
   
   
 764 
   
 
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
   
 212 
   
   
 187 
   
   
 163 
   
 
 
   Acquired in-process research and development 
   
   
 338 
   
   
 288 
   
   
 673 
   
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 34 
   
   
 66 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Accounts and other receivables 
   
   
 681 
   
   
 223 
   
   
 (498 
 ) 
 
 
   Inventories 
   
   
 (56 
 ) 
   
 (203 
 ) 
   
 (87 
 ) 
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and other assets 
   
   
 459 
   
   
 90 
   
   
 (206 
 ) 
 
 
   Accounts payable and other liabilities 
   
   
 (426 
 ) 
   
 (731 
 ) 
   
 1,497 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities 
   
   
 6,267 
   
   
 6,345 
   
   
 6,247 
   
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 (405 
 ) 
   
 (688 
 ) 
   
 (273 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisitions of property and equipment 
   
   
 (491 
 ) 
   
 (333 
 ) 
   
 (356 
 ) 
 
 
   Release of restricted funds 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,870 
   
 
 
   Purchases of investment securities 
   
   
 (930 
 ) 
   
 (2,550 
 ) 
   
 (1,943 
 ) 
 
 
   Sales and maturities of investment securities 
   
   
 2,705 
   
   
 1,153 
   
   
 1,255 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities 
   
   
 879 
   
   
 (2,418 
 ) 
   
 553 
   
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net change in short-term borrowings 
   
   
 (601 
 ) 
   
 1,000 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Dividends paid 
   
   
 (2,555 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchases of treasury stock 
   
   
 (320 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 
   
   
 347 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,586 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Net transactions with Abbott Laboratories, excluding noncash items 
   
   
 (247 
 ) 
   
 (13,504 
 ) 
   
 (6,762 
 ) 
 
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (66 
 ) 
   
 (151 
 ) 
   
 (21 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities 
   
   
 (3,442 
 ) 
   
 1,931 
   
   
 (6,783 
 ) 
 
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and equivalents 
   
   
 
(10 
 ) 
   
 
16 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net increase in cash and equivalents 
   
   
 3,694 
   
   
 5,874 
   
   
 17 
   
 
 
   Cash and equivalents, beginning of year 
   
   
 5,901 
   
   
 27 
   
   
 10 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Cash and equivalents, end of year 
   
 $ 
 9,595 
   
 $ 
 5,901 
   
 $ 
 27 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Other supplemental information 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest paid, net of portion capitalized 
   
   
 283 
   
   
 61 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Income taxes paid 
   
   
 1,305 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

 61 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
   

  AbbVie Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

 Note 1  Background and Basis of Presentation 

 
 


   

  Background   

 The principal business of AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie or the company) is the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a broad line of
proprietary pharmaceutical products. Substantially all of AbbVie's sales in the United States (U.S.) are to three wholesalers. Outside the U.S., products are sold primarily to health care providers or
through distributors, depending on the market served.  

 On
January 1, 2013, AbbVie became an independent, publicly-traded company as a result of the distribution by Abbott Laboratories (Abbott) of 100 percent of the outstanding common stock
of AbbVie to Abbott's shareholders (the separation). AbbVie was incorporated in Delaware on April 10, 2012. Abbott's Board of Directors approved the distribution of its shares of AbbVie on
November 28, 2012. AbbVie's registration statement on Form 10 was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on December 7, 2012. On January 1, 2013,
Abbott's shareholders of record as of the close of business on December 12, 2012, received one share of AbbVie common stock for every one share of Abbott common stock held as of the record
date. AbbVie's common stock began trading "regular-way" under the ticker symbol "ABBV" on the New York Stock Exchange on January 2, 2013.  

 During
the year ended December 31, 2013, separation-related adjustments totaling $1.3 billion were recorded in stockholders' equity. Separation-related adjustments to additional paid-in
capital principally reflected dividends to AbbVie shareholders that were declared from pre-separation earnings during the first quarter and the transfer of certain pension plan liabilities and assets
from Abbott to AbbVie upon the legal split of those plans in 2013. In addition, because the historical financial statements were derived from Abbott's records, separation-related adjustments also
included an adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive loss to reflect the appropriate opening balances associated with currency translation adjustments related to AbbVie's legal entities at the
separation date. Refer to Note 10 for further information regarding the separation of the pension plans.  

 In
connection with the separation, AbbVie and Abbott entered into transition services agreements covering certain corporate support and back office services that AbbVie has historically received from
Abbott. Such services include information technology, accounts payable, payroll, receivables collection, treasury and other financial functions, as well as order entry, warehousing, engineering
support, quality assurance support and other administrative services. These agreements facilitate the separation by allowing AbbVie to operate independently prior to establishing stand-alone back
office functions across its organization. Transition services may be provided for up to 24 months, with an option for a one-year extension.  

 During
the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, AbbVie incurred $254 million and $288 million, respectively, of separation-related expenses, including legal, information
technology and regulatory fees, which were principally classified in selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A).  

  Basis of Historical Presentation   

 For a certain portion of AbbVie's operations, the legal transfer of AbbVie's assets (net of liabilities) did not occur with the separation of AbbVie
on January 1, 2013 due to the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and satisfy other regulatory requirements in certain countries. Under the terms of the separation agreement with
Abbott, AbbVie is responsible for the business activities conducted by Abbott on its behalf, and is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. As a
result, the related assets and liabilities and results of operations have  

 62 

 
 
 
   

 been
reported in AbbVie's consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013. Net sales related to these operations for the year ended December 31, 2013
totaled approximately $738 million. At December 31, 2013, the assets and liabilities consisted primarily of accounts receivable of $62 million, inventories of $190 million,
other assets of $93 million and accounts payable and other accrued liabilities of $212 million. The majority of these operations are expected to be transferred to AbbVie by the end of
2014.  

 Prior
to the separation on January 1, 2013, the historical financial statements of AbbVie were prepared on a stand-alone basis and were derived from Abbott's consolidated financial statements
and accounting records as if the former research-based pharmaceutical business of Abbott had been part of AbbVie for all periods presented. Accordingly, AbbVie's financial statements for periods prior
to January 1, 2013 are presented herein on a combined basis and reflect AbbVie's financial position, results of operations and cash flows as its business was operated as part of Abbott prior to
the separation, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).  

 The
historical combined financial statements included the allocation of certain assets and liabilities that were historically held at the Abbott corporate level but which were specifically
identifiable or allocable to AbbVie. Prior to 2012, cash and equivalents, short-term investments and restricted funds held by Abbott were not allocated to AbbVie unless those assets were held by an
entity that was transferred to AbbVie. As of December 31, 2012, AbbVie's combined balance sheet reflected the direct holdings of AbbVie legal entities. Prior to November 2012, long-term debt
and short-term borrowings were not allocated to AbbVie as none of the debt recorded by Abbott was directly attributable to or guaranteed by AbbVie. In November 2012, AbbVie issued $14.7 billion
of long-term debt with maturities ranging from three to 30 years and $1.0 billion of commercial paper, which was reflected on AbbVie's combined balance sheet as of December 31,
2012. All AbbVie intracompany transactions and accounts were eliminated. Prior to 2012, all intercompany transactions between AbbVie and Abbott were considered to be effectively settled in the
historical combined financial statements at the time the transactions were recorded. As a result, the total net effect of the settlement of these intercompany transactions was reflected in the
combined statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 as a financing activity and in the combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2012 as net parent company
investment in AbbVie. As of December 31, 2012, outstanding transactions between AbbVie and Abbott were reflected in the combined balance sheet outside of net parent company investment in
AbbVie Inc. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the aggregate amount due from Abbott totaled $738 million and $696 million, respectively, and was classified in accounts and
other receivables, net. The aggregate amount due to Abbott totaled $876 million and $923 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and was classified in accounts
payable and accrued liabilities.  

 Prior
to the separation on January 1, 2013, Abbott provided AbbVie certain services, which included administration of treasury, payroll, employee compensation and benefits, travel and meeting
services, public and investor relations, real estate services, internal audit, telecommunications, information
technology, corporate income tax and selected legal services. Some of these services continue to be provided to AbbVie on a temporary basis after the separation pursuant to certain transition services
agreements. AbbVie's historical combined financial statements reflect an allocation of expenses related to these services. These expenses were allocated to AbbVie based on direct usage or benefit
where identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of revenues, headcount, square footage, number of transactions or other measures. AbbVie considers the expense allocation
methodology and results to be reasonable for all periods presented. However, the allocations may not be indicative of the actual expenses that would have been incurred had AbbVie operated as an
independent, publicly-traded company for the periods presented. These allocations totaled $838 million and $801 million for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011.  


 Prior
to the separation on January 1, 2013, AbbVie employees participated in various benefits and stock-based compensation programs maintained by Abbott. A portion of the cost of those programs
was  

 63 

 
 
 
   

 included
in AbbVie's historical combined financial statements. However, AbbVie's historical combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2012 does not include any equity related to stock-based
compensation plans. See Note 10 and Note 11 for a further description of the accounting for post-employment benefits and stock-based compensation, respectively.  

 Note 2  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 
 


   

  Use of Estimates   

 The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and necessarily include amounts based on estimates and assumptions by
management. Actual results could differ from those amounts. Significant estimates include amounts for sales rebates, pension and post-employment benefits, income taxes, litigation, valuation of
intangible assets and goodwill, financial instruments, and inventory and accounts receivable exposures.  

  Basis of Consolidation   

 The consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013 include the accounts of AbbVie and all of its
subsidiaries in which a controlling interest is maintained. Controlling interest is determined by majority ownership interest and the absence of substantive third-party participating rights or, in the
case of variable interest entities, by majority exposure to expected losses, residual returns or both. Investments in companies over which AbbVie has a significant influence but not a controlling
interest are accounted for using the equity method with AbbVie's share of earnings or losses reported in other (income) expense, net. All other investments are generally accounted for using the cost
method. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated.  

 Certain
reclassifications have been made to conform the prior period combined financial statements to the current period presentation.  

  Revenue Recognition   

 AbbVie recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable and
collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured. Revenue from product sales is recognized when title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. Provisions for discounts, rebates and sales
incentives to customers and returns and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related sales are recorded. Sales incentives to customers are not material. Historical data is readily
available and reliable, and is used for estimating the amount of the reduction in gross sales. Revenue from the launch of a new product, from an improved version of an existing product, or for
shipments in excess of a customer's normal requirements are recorded when the conditions noted above are met. In those situations, management records a returns reserve for such revenue, if necessary.
Sales of product rights for marketable products are recorded as revenue upon disposition of the rights.  

  Research and Development Costs   

 Internal research and development (R&D) costs are expensed as incurred. Clinical trial costs incurred by third parties are expensed as the contracted
work is performed. Where contingent milestone payments are due to third parties under research and development collaborations for pre-commercialization milestones, the milestone payment obligations
are expensed when the milestone results are achieved or are probable. Payments made to third parties subsequent to
regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the related product. Amounts capitalized for such payments are included in intangible assets, net of accumulated
amortization.  

 64 

 
 
 
   

  Collaborations and Other Arrangements   

 The company enters into collaborative agreements with third parties to develop and commercialize drug candidates. Collaborative activities may
include joint research and development and commercialization of new products. AbbVie generally receives certain licensing rights under these arrangements. These collaborations often require upfront
payments and may include additional milestone, research and development cost sharing, royalty or profit share payments, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of
the asset in development and commercialization. Upfront payments associated with collaborative arrangements during the development stage are expensed to acquired in-process research and
development (IPR&D). Subsequent payments made to the partner for the achievement of milestones during the development stage are expensed to R&D when the milestone is achieved. Milestone payments made
to the partner subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized to cost of products sold over the estimated useful life of the related asset. Royalty and sales
based milestones are expensed as cost of products sold when incurred.  

  Advertising   

 Costs associated with advertising are expensed as incurred and are included in selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A). Advertising
expenses were $626 million, $506 million and $375 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

  Pension and Post-Employment Benefits   

 AbbVie records annual expenses relating to its defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans based on calculations which include various
actuarial assumptions, including discount rates, assumed asset rates of return, compensation increases, turnover rates and health care cost trend rates. AbbVie reviews its actuarial assumptions on an
annual basis and makes modifications to the assumptions based on current rates and trends. Actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees
under the corridor method, in accordance with the rules for accounting for post-employment benefits. Differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual annual return are
amortized to net period benefit cost over a five-year period.  

 Prior
to separation, AbbVie employees participated in certain defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans sponsored by Abbott, which included participants of Abbott's other businesses.
Such plans were accounted for as multiemployer plans in AbbVie's historical combined financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. As a result, no asset or
liability was recorded by AbbVie in the historical combined balance sheets to recognize the funded status of these plans. In 2013, subsequent to the separation from Abbott, AbbVie's portion of the
defined benefit pension plans were separated from the Abbott defined benefit pension plans using a December 31, 2012 measurement date. As a result, the funded status for each plan is reflected
in AbbVie's consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2013. In addition to participation in defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans sponsored by Abbott, AbbVie is the sole
sponsor for certain defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans. The funded status of these plans was recorded in AbbVie's combined balance sheet at December 31, 2012 and the
consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2013.  


 Refer
to Note 10 for information regarding AbbVie's pension and post-employment plans.  

  Income Taxes   

 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Provisions for federal, state and foreign income taxes are calculated on
reported pretax earnings based on current tax laws. Deferred  

 65 

 
 
 
   

 taxes
are provided using enacted tax rates on the future tax consequences of temporary differences, which are the differences between the financial statement carrying amount of assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases and the tax benefits of carryforwards. A valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that
all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.  

 In
AbbVie's financial statements for periods prior to 2013, income tax expense and tax balances were calculated as if AbbVie was a separate taxpayer, although AbbVie's operations were historically
included in tax returns filed by Abbott. After separation, AbbVie's income tax expense and income tax balances represent AbbVie's federal, state and foreign income taxes as an independent company. As
a result, its effective tax rate and income tax balances are not necessarily comparable to those for periods prior to the separation.  


 Prior
to the separation, AbbVie did not maintain an income taxes payable to/from account with Abbott. With the exception of certain entities outside the United States that transferred to AbbVie at
separation, AbbVie is deemed to have settled current tax balances with the Abbott tax paying entities in the respective jurisdictions. These settlements were reflected as changes in net parent company
investment.  

  Cash and Equivalents   

 Cash and equivalents include time deposits and money market funds with original maturities at the time of purchase of three months or less.  


  Investments   

 Short-term investments consist primarily of time deposits and U.S. Treasury securities. Investments in marketable equity securities are classified as
available-for-sale and are recorded at fair value with any unrealized holding gains or losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Investments in equity securities
that are not traded on public stock exchanges and held-to-maturity debt securities are recorded at cost.  

 AbbVie
reviews the carrying value of investments each quarter to determine whether an other than temporary decline in fair value exists. AbbVie considers factors affecting the investee, factors
affecting the industry the investee operates in and general equity market trends. The company considers the length of time an investment's fair value has been below cost and the near-term prospects
for recovery. When AbbVie determines that an other than temporary decline has occurred, the cost basis investment is written down with a charge to other (income) expense and the available-for-sale
securities' unrealized loss is recognized as a charge to income and removed from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI).  

  Accounts Receivable   

 Accounts receivable are stated at their net realizable value. The allowance against gross accounts receivable reflects the best estimate of probable
losses inherent in the receivables portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, specific allowances for known troubled accounts and other currently available information. Accounts
receivable are written off after all reasonable means to collect the full amount (including litigation, where appropriate) have been exhausted. The allowance was $88 million at
December 31, 2013 and $83 million at December 31, 2012. The increase in 2013 was due to a higher level of past due receivables.  

 66 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

  Inventories   

 Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out basis) or market. Cost includes material and conversion costs. Inventories, net,
consist of the following.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Finished goods 
   
 $ 
 485 
   
 $ 
 547 
   
 
 
   Work-in-process 
   
   
 404 
   
   
 286 
   
 
 
   Materials 
   
   
 261 
   
   
 258 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Inventories, net 
   
 $ 
 1,150 
   
 $ 
 1,091 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Property and Equipment   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Land 
   
 $ 
 50 
   
 $ 
 48 
   
 
 
   Buildings 
   
   
 1,263 
   
   
 1,324 
   
 
 
   Equipment 
   
   
 5,214 
   
   
 4,865 
   
 
 
   Construction in progress 
   
   
 382 
   
   
 305 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Property and equipment, gross 
   
   
 6,909 
   
   
 6,542 
   
 
 
   Less accumulated depreciation 
   
   
 (4,611 
 ) 
   
 (4,295 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Property and equipment, net 
   
 $ 
 2,298 
   
 $ 
 2,247 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Depreciation
for property and equipment is recorded on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful life for buildings ranges from 10 to 50 years
and five to 20 years for equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the related facility lease (including any renewal periods, if appropriate) or the asset, whichever is
shorter. Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $388 million, $525 million and $508 million, respectively. Equipment includes certain
computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining software for internal use. Assets under capital leases included in property and equipment in the
consolidated balance sheets are not material.  

  Litigation   

 Loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability
can be reasonably estimated based on existing information. When a best estimate cannot be made, the minimum loss contingency amount in a probable range is recorded. Legal fees are expensed as
incurred.  

  Product Liability   

 AbbVie accrues for product liability claims, on an undiscounted basis, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the
liability can be reasonably estimated based on existing information. The liabilities are adjusted quarterly as additional information becomes available. Receivables for insurance recoveries, if any,
for product liability claims are recorded as assets, on an undiscounted basis, when it is probable that a recovery will be realized.  

  Business Combinations   

 Results of operations of acquired companies are included in AbbVie's results of operations beginning on the respective acquisition dates. Assets
acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the fair value consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the
net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. Contingent consideration  

 67 

 
 
 
   

 is
recognized at the estimated fair value on the acquisition date, which is determined by utilizing a probability weighted discounted cash flow model. Subsequent changes to the fair value of
contingent payments are recognized in other (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings. The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in certain cases may be subject
to revision based on the final determination of fair value. Legal costs, due diligence costs, business valuation costs and all other business acquisition costs are expensed when incurred.  

  Goodwill and Intangible Assets   

 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recorded at fair value using a discounted cash flow model. The discounted cash flow model
requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, the cost of capital, and terminal values of market participants. Definite-lived intangibles are amortized over their
estimated useful lives. AbbVie reviews the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be
recoverable. AbbVie first compares the projected undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the asset to its carrying value. If the undiscounted cash flows of an intangible asset are less than the
carrying value of an intangible asset, the intangible asset is written down to its fair value, which is usually the discounted cash flow amount and a loss is recorded equal to the excess of the
asset's net carrying value over its fair value. Where cash flows cannot be identified for an individual asset, the review is applied at the lowest level for which cash flows are largely independent of
the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.  

 Goodwill
and indefinite-lived assets are not amortized but are subject to an impairment review annually and more frequently when indicators of impairment exist. An impairment of goodwill would occur
if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeded the fair value of that reporting unit, calculated using a weighting of the income approach and the market approach. The fair value under the income
approach is calculated as the present value of estimated cash flows discounted using a risk-free market rate adjusted for a market participant's view of similar companies and perceived risks in cash
flows. The fair value under the market approach is calculated using market multiples for peer groups applied to the operating results of the reporting unit to determine fair value. The implied fair
value of goodwill is then determined by subtracting the fair value of all identifiable net assets other than goodwill from the fair value of the reporting unit, with an impairment charge recorded for
the excess, if any, of the carrying amount of goodwill over the implied fair value. Based on the company's most recent annual impairment test performed in the third quarter of 2013, the fair value of
AbbVie's single reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.  

 Indefinite-lived
intangible assets, which consist of capitalized IPR&D, are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of each intangible asset with its carrying value. The fair value of
indefinite-lived intangible assets is based on the present value of projected cash flows using an income approach. If the carrying value exceeds fair value, the intangible asset is considered impaired
and is reduced to fair value.  

  Acquired In-Process Research and Development   

 The initial costs of rights to IPR&D projects acquired in an asset acquisition are expensed as IPR&D unless the project has an alternative future
use. These costs include
initial payments incurred prior to regulatory approval in connection with research and development collaboration agreements that provide rights to develop, manufacture, market and/or sell
pharmaceutical products. The fair value of IPR&D projects acquired in a business combination are capitalized and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets until the underlying project
receives regulatory approval, at which point the intangible asset will be accounted for as a definite-lived intangible asset, or discontinuation, at which point the intangible asset will be written
off. Development costs incurred after the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Indefinite- and definite-lived assets are subject to impairment reviews as discussed previously.  

 68 

 
 
 
   

  Foreign Currency Translation   

 Foreign subsidiary earnings are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates. The net assets of foreign subsidiaries are translated into
U.S. dollars using period end exchange rates. The U.S. dollar effects that arise from translating the net assets of these subsidiaries at changing rates are recognized in other comprehensive income
(OCI). The net assets of subsidiaries in highly inflationary economies are remeasured as if the functional currency were the reporting currency. The remeasurement is recognized in earnings and is
immaterial for all years presented.  

  Derivatives   

 All derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value in AbbVie's balance sheets and are classified as current or
long-term based on the scheduled maturity of the instrument. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been formally designated and qualifies as
part of a hedging relationship under the applicable accounting standards and, further, on the type of hedging relationship.  


 For
derivatives formally designated as hedges, the company assesses at inception and quarterly thereafter, whether the hedging derivatives are highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value
or cash flows of the hedged item. The changes in fair value of a derivative designated as a fair value hedge and of the hedged item attributable to the hedge risk are recognized in earnings
immediately. Fair value hedges are used to hedge the interest rate risk associated with certain of the company's fixed-rate debt. The effective portions of changes in the fair value of a derivative
designated as a cash flow hedge are reported in AOCI and are subsequently recognized in earnings consistent with the
underlying hedged item. Cash flow hedges are used to manage exposures from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  


 The
derivatives that are not designated and do not qualify as hedges are adjusted to fair value through current earnings. If it is determined that a derivative is no longer highly effective as a
hedge, the company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. Gains or losses are immediately reclassified from AOCI to earnings relating to hedged forecasted transactions that are no longer
probable of occurring. Gains or losses relating to terminations of effective cash flow hedges in which the forecasted transactions are still probable of occurring are deferred and recognized
consistent with the income or loss recognition of the underlying hedged items. Terminations of a fair value hedge result in fair value adjustments to the hedged items until the date of termination
with the new bases being accreted to par value on the date of maturity.  

 Derivatives,
including those that are not designated as a hedge, are principally classified in the operating section of the consolidated statements of cash flows, consistent with the underlying hedged
item.  

 Refer
to Note 9 for information regarding AbbVie's derivative and hedging activities.  


 Note 3  Supplemental Financial Information 

 
 


  

  Interest Expense (Income), Net   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
 $ 
 299 
   
 $ 
 104 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Interest and dividend income 
   
   
 (21 
 ) 
   
 (20 
 ) 
   
 (20 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Interest expense (income), net 
   
 $ 
 278 
   
 $ 
 84 
   
 $ 
 (20 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  69 

 
 
 
   

  Other (Income) Expense, Net   

 Other (income) expense, net, included expenses of $11 million in 2013, $29 million in 2012 and $56 million in 2011 of fair value
adjustments to the contingent consideration related to an acquisition of a business in 2010. Other (income) expense, net, for 2013, 2012 and 2011 also included ongoing contractual payments associated
with the conclusion of a preexisting joint venture arrangement dissolved in 2008. Other (income) expense, net, for 2012 included income of $21 million from the resolution of a contractual
agreement and a loss of $52 million for the impairment of an equity security.  

  Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Sales rebates 
   
 $ 
 1,401 
   
 $ 
 1,616 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable 
   
   
 933 
   
   
 556 
   
 
 
   Due to Abbott Laboratories 
   
   
 876 
   
   
 923 
   
 
 
   Dividends payable 
   
   
 643 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Salaries, wages and commissions 
   
   
 621 
   
   
 523 
   
 
 
   Royalty license arrangements 
   
   
 443 
   
   
 398 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 1,531 
   
   
 1,718 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
   
 $ 
 6,448 
   
 $ 
 5,734 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Long-Term Liabilities   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
   
 $ 
 570 
   
 $ 
 360 
   
 
 
   Pension and other post-employment benefits 
   
   
 1,628 
   
   
 979 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 1,337 
   
   
 900 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Long-term liabilities 
   
 $ 
 3,535 
   
 $ 
 2,239 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Note 4  Earnings Per Share 

 
 


   

 For periods subsequent to the separation, AbbVie calculated basic earnings per share (EPS) pursuant to the two-class method. The two-class method is an earnings
allocation formula that determines earnings per share for common stock and participating securities according to dividends declared and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this
method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to common shares and participating securities based on their respective rights to receive dividends. In addition, participating
securities may include certain performance-based awards that may otherwise have been excluded from the calculation of EPS under the treasury-stock method. AbbVie's forfeitable restricted stock units
(RSUs) and restricted stock awards (RSAs), including most performance-based awards, participate in dividends on the same basis as common shares and such dividends are nonforfeitable to the holder once
declared. As a result, these forfeitable RSUs and RSAs meet the definition of a participating security.  

 The
dilutive effect of participating securities is calculated using the more dilutive of the treasury stock or the two-class method. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the two-class method
was more dilutive. As such, the dilutive effect of outstanding RSUs and RSAs for the year ended December 31, 2013 of approximately 5 million was excluded from the denominator for the
calculation of diluted EPS. These awards otherwise would have been included in the calculation of EPS under the treasury stock method. Additionally, all earnings (distributed and undistributed)
allocable to participating securities,  

 70 

 
 
 
   

 including
performance-based awards not otherwise included in the calculation of EPS under the treasury-stock method, was excluded from the numerator for the calculation of basic and diluted earnings
per share under the two-class method. Earnings allocable to participating securities for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $26 million.  

 For
the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 1 million common shares issuable under stock-based compensation plans were excluded from the computation of earnings per common share
assuming dilution because the effect would have been antidilutive.  

 For
periods prior to the separation, the numerator for both basic and diluted EPS was net earnings attributable to AbbVie. The denominator for basic and diluted EPS was calculated using the
1,577 million AbbVie common shares outstanding immediately following the separation. The same number of shares was used to calculate basic and diluted earnings per share since no AbbVie equity
awards were outstanding prior to the separation.  

 Note 5  Acquisitions, Collaborations and Other Arrangements 

 
 


   

 In 2013, 2012 and 2011, cash outflows related to collaborations, the acquisition of product rights and other arrangements totaled $405 million,
$688 million and $273 million, respectively. AbbVie recorded IPR&D charges of $338 million, $288 million and $673 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
Significant arrangements impacting 2013, 2012 and 2011, some of which require contingent milestone payments, include the following:  

  Collaborations and Other Arrangements   

  Ablynx NV   

 In September 2013, AbbVie entered into a global collaboration agreement with Ablynx NV to develop and commercialize the anti-IL-6R Nanobody,
ALX-0061, to treat inflammatory diseases including rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus, resulting in a charge to IPR&D of $175 million. Upon the achievement of certain
development, regulatory and commercial milestones, AbbVie could make additional payments of up to $665 million, as well as royalties on net sales.  


  Galapagos NV   

 In September 2013, AbbVie recorded a charge to IPR&D of $45 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration with
Galapagos NV (Galapagos) to discover, develop and commercialize cystic fibrosis therapies. Upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones, AbbVie could make
additional payments of up to $360 million, as well as royalties on net sales.  

 In
February 2012, AbbVie recorded a charge to IPR&D of $150 million as a result of entering into a global collaboration with Galapagos to develop and commercialize a next-generation, oral Janus
Kinase 1 (JAK1) inhibitor in Phase II development with the potential to treat multiple autoimmune diseases. Additional payments of approximately $1.3 billion could be required for
the achievement of certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones under this agreement.  

  Alvine Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   

 In May 2013, AbbVie entered into a global collaboration with Alvine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop ALV003, a novel oral treatment for
patients with celiac disease. As
part of the agreement, AbbVie made an initial upfront payment of $70 million, which was expensed to IPR&D in the second quarter of 2013. AbbVie could make additional payments totaling up to
$275 million pursuant to this arrangement.  

 71 

 
 
 
   

 In
addition to the collaborations described above, in 2013, AbbVie entered several other arrangements resulting in charges to IPR&D of $48 million and upon the achievement of certain development,
regulatory and commercial milestones, could make additional payments of up to $894 million. It is not possible to predict with reasonable certainty whether these milestones will be achieved or
the timing for achievement.  

  Action Pharma A/S   

 In May 2012, AbbVie recorded a charge to IPR&D of $110 million as a result of the acquisition of ABT-719 (previously referred to as AP214), a
drug under development for the prevention of acute kidney injury associated with major cardiac surgery in patients at increased risk.  

  Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   

 In the fourth quarter of 2011, AbbVie entered into a collaboration with Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Reata) for the joint development and
commercialization of second-generation oral antioxidant inflammation modulators resulting in a charge to IPR&D of $400 million, which was paid in the first quarter of 2012.  

 Pursuant
to a series of transactions with Reata in 2010, AbbVie acquired licensing rights outside the United States, excluding certain Asian markets, to bardoxolone methyl. In addition, AbbVie
acquired equity interests in Reata of $62 million each in 2010 and 2011. The achievement of certain development milestones under the license agreement resulted in charges of $50 million
in 2012 to R&D and $188 million in 2011 to IPR&D. On October 17, 2012, Reata informed AbbVie that it was discontinuing a Phase III clinical study for bardoxolone methyl for
chronic kidney disease. As a result, AbbVie recorded an impairment charge of $52 million related to AbbVie's equity investment in Reata. The
charge was classified in in other (income) expense, net in the combined statement of earnings for 2012. Reata and AbbVie continue to evaluate the development of bardoxolone methyl in other
indications.  

  Biotest AG   

 In June 2011, AbbVie entered into a global agreement with Biotest AG to develop and commercialize an anit-CD4, a treatment for rheumatoid arthritis
and psoriasis, resulting in an $85 million charge to IPR&D. AbbVie could, in the future, be required to make additional payments totaling up to $395 million based on the achievement of
certain development, regulatory and commercial milestones under this agreement.  

 Note 6  Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

 
 


  


  Goodwill   

 The following table summarizes changes in the carrying amount of AbbVie's goodwill.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
   
 $ 
 6,100 
   
 
 
   Currency translation and other adjustments 
   
   
 30 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 6,130 
   
 
 
   Additions 
   
   
 25 
   
 
 
   Currency translation and other adjustments 
   
   
 122 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 6,277 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Goodwill
additions in 2013 related to product rights acquired during the second quarter. As of December 31, 2013, there were no accumulated goodwill impairment losses. Future impairment tests
for goodwill will be performed annually in the third quarter, or earlier if indicators of impairment exist.  

 72 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

  Intangible Assets, Net   

 The following table summarizes AbbVie's intangible assets.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Gross 
carrying 
amount 
   
 Accumulated 
amortization 
   
 Net 
carrying 
amount 
   
 Gross 
carrying 
amount 
   
 Accumulated 
amortization 
   
 Net 
carrying 
amount 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Definite-lived intangible assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Developed product rights 
   
 $ 
 4,744 
   
 $ 
 (3,503 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,241 
   
 $ 
 4,699 
   
 $ 
 (3,031 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,668 
   
 
 
   License agreements 
   
   
 994 
   
   
 (792 
 ) 
   
 202 
   
   
 969 
   
   
 (734 
 ) 
   
 235 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total definite-lived intangible assets 
   
   
 5,738 
   
   
 (4,295 
 ) 
   
 1,443 
   
   
 5,668 
   
   
 (3,765 
 ) 
   
 1,903 
   
 
 
   Indefinite-lived research and development 
   
   
 447 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 447 
   
   
 420 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 420 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total intangible assets 
   
 $ 
 6,185 
   
 $ 
 (4,295 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,890 
   
 $ 
 6,088 
   
 $ 
 (3,765 
 ) 
 $ 
 2,323 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Intangible
assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives, which range between 3 to 16 years with an average of 9 years for both developed product rights
and license agreements. Additions related to the acquisition of amortizable intangible assets in the second quarter of 2013 with an average amortization period of 5 years.  

 Amortization
expense for 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $509 million, $625 million and $764 million, respectively, and is included in cost of products sold in the consolidated statements
of earnings. At December 31, 2013, the anticipated annual amortization expense for intangible assets recorded as of December 31, 2013 was $352 million in 2014, $279 million
in 2015, $137 million in 2016, $131 million in 2017 and $115 million in 2018.  

 The
indefinite-lived intangible assets as of December 31, 2012 relate to IPR&D acquired in a business combination. Additions related to the acquisition of IPR&D in the second quarter of 2013.
In 2012 and 2011, AbbVie recorded impairment charges of $13 million and $46 million, respectively, for certain projects under development. These charges are included in R&D expenses. In
2013, no material impairment charges were recorded.  

 Note 7  Restructuring Plans 

 
 


  

 In 2013, AbbVie management approved plans to restructure certain commercial operations in conjunction with the loss and expected loss of exclusivity of certain
products. Restructuring charges recorded in 2013 were $83 million and were primarily recorded in SG&A and cost of products sold in the consolidated statements of earnings with the remainder
recorded in R&D. Included in the charges were cash costs of $76 million which mainly related to employee severance and contractual obligations.  


 In
2012, AbbVie management approved plans to realign its worldwide manufacturing operations and selected domestic and international commercial and R&D operations in order to reduce costs. In 2012,
AbbVie incurred restructuring charges of approximately $191 million for employee severance and contractual obligations, primarily related to the exit from an R&D facility with
$183 million recorded within R&D and $8 million within SG&A expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings. In 2011, AbbVie recorded a charge of $163 million reflecting
employee severance and other related charges, with $42 million classified as cost of products sold, $72 million as R&D and $49 million as SG&A expenses in the consolidated
statements of earnings.  

 73 

 
 
 
   

 The
following summarizes the cash activity in the restructuring reserve for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. Restructuring reserves as of December 31, 2010 principally
relates to a restructuring plan approved by AbbVie management in 2010.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2010 
   
 $ 
 157 
   
 
 
   2011 restructuring charges 
   
   
 163 
   
 
 
   Payments and other adjustments 
   
   
 (171 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 149 
   
 
 
   2012 restructuring charges 
   
   
 191 
   
 
 
   Payments and other adjustments 
   
   
 (107 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 233 
   
 
 
   2013 restructuring charges 
   
   
 76 
   
 
 
   Payments and other adjustments 
   
   
 (118 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Accrued balance at December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 191 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Payments
and other adjustments for 2013 includes a $23 million reversal of a previously recorded restructuring reserve due to the company's re-evaluation of a prior year decision to exit a
manufacturing facility. In 2012 and 2011, AbbVie recorded additional restructuring charges of $69 million and $53 million, respectively, primarily for accelerated depreciation and, for
2011 only, asset impairments.  


 Note 8  Debt, Credit Facilities, and Commitments and Contingencies 

 
 


  

 The following is a summary of long-term debt as of December 31, 2013 and 2012.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 Effective 
interest rate 
in 2013(a) 
   
 2013 
   
 Effective 
interest rate 
in 2012(a) 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Floating rate notes due 2015 
   
   
 1.14 
 % 
 $ 
 500 
   
   
 1.13 
 % 
 $ 
 500 
   
 
 
   1.2% notes due 2015 
   
   
 1.31 
 % 
   
 3,500 
   
   
 1.24 
 % 
   
 3,500 
   
 
 
   1.75% notes due 2017 
   
   
 1.86 
 % 
   
 4,000 
   
   
 1.82 
 % 
   
 4,000 
   
 
 
   2.0% notes due 2018 
   
   
 2.15 
 % 
   
 1,000 
   
   
 2.12 
 % 
   
 1,000 
   
 
 
   2.9% notes due 2022 
   
   
 2.97 
 % 
   
 3,100 
   
   
 3.01 
 % 
   
 3,100 
   
 
 
   4.4% notes due 2042 
   
   
 4.46 
 % 
   
 2,600 
   
   
 4.50 
 % 
   
 2,600 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 98 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 104 
   
 
 
   Fair value hedges 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (432 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (81 
 ) 
 
 
   Unamortized bond discounts 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (56 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (71 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total long-term debt and lease obligations 
   
   
   
   
   
 14,310 
   
   
   
   
   
 14,652 
   
 
 
   Current portion 
   
   
   
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
   
   
 22 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Noncurrent portion 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 14,292 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 14,630 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 

 
 (a) Excludes
the effect of any related interest rate swaps.   

 In
November 2012, AbbVie issued $14.7 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. Approximately $3.0 billion of these senior notes were issued to Abbott as partial consideration
for the transfer of assets from Abbott to AbbVie. AbbVie used part of the net proceeds from the sale of senior notes (other than the senior notes issued to Abbott) to finance the payment made in
November 2012 of a $10.2 billion distribution to Abbott, as provided by the terms of the separation agreement. The debt was guaranteed by Abbott until AbbVie separated from Abbott on
January 1, 2013.  

 74 

 
 
 
   

 AbbVie
may redeem all of the senior notes of each series, other than the floating notes due in 2015, at any time, and some of the senior notes of each series, other than the floating notes due in
2015, from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount of the senior notes redeemed plus a make-whole premium. AbbVie may not redeem the floating notes due in 2015 prior to
maturity.  

 At
December 31, 2013, the company was in compliance with its senior note covenants.  

  Short-Term Borrowings   

 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, short-term borrowings included $400 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, of commercial paper
borrowings. The weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowings was 0.2% and 0.4% for 2013 and 2012, respectively. AbbVie has a $2.0 billion unsecured bank credit facility agreement,
which backs the commercial paper program, and matures in July 2017. Abbott was relieved of its obligations under the credit facility upon separation of AbbVie from Abbott on January 1, 2013,
and AbbVie became the sole obligor of this facility. The credit facility enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at floating interest rates. At December 31, 2013, the company
was in compliance with its credit facility covenants. Compensating balances and commitment fees are not material.  

  Maturities of Long-Term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations   

 As part of the separation, AbbVie entered into agreements to lease certain facilities, including office, laboratory, and factory and warehouse space,
under principally non-cancelable operating leases with Abbott. The leases generally include renewal options and provide for the company to pay taxes, maintenance, insurance and other operating costs
of the leased property. AbbVie also leases office space on a short-term basis typically under cancelable operating leases. Lease expense for 2013 was $107 million and was not material for both
2012 and 2011. Capital lease obligations relate to automobiles and certain facilities. As of December 31, 2013, annual future minimum lease payments for capital lease obligations are not
material. The following table summarizes AbbVie's future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases, debt maturities and future minimum lease payments for capital lease obligations
as of December 31, 2013.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 Operating 
leases 
   
 Debt maturities 
and capital leases 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   2014 
   
 $ 
 87 
   
 $ 
 18 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
   
 79 
   
   
 4,012 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 71 
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 62 
   
   
 4,008 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 46 
   
   
 1,006 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 530 
   
   
 5,743 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total obligations and commitments 
   
   
 875 
   
   
 14,798 
   
 
 
   Fair value hedges and unamortized bond discounts 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 (488 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total debt and lease obligations 
   
 $ 
 875 
   
 $ 
 14,310 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Contingencies and Guarantees   

 In connection with the separation, AbbVie has indemnified Abbott for all liabilities resulting from the operation of AbbVie's business other than
income tax liabilities with respect to periods prior to the distribution date and other liabilities as agreed to by AbbVie and Abbott. AbbVie has no material exposures to off-balance sheet
arrangements, no special-purpose entities and no activities that included non-exchange-traded contracts accounted for at fair value. In the ordinary course of business, AbbVie has periodically entered
into third-party agreements, such as the assignment of product rights, which  

 75 

 
 
 
   

 have
resulted in AbbVie becoming secondarily liable for obligations for which AbbVie had previously been primarily liable. Since AbbVie no longer maintains a business relationship with the other
parties, AbbVie is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these obligations. Based upon past experience, the likelihood of payments under these
agreements is remote. AbbVie periodically acquires a business or product rights in which AbbVie agrees to pay contingent consideration based on attaining certain thresholds or based on the occurrence
of certain events.  

 Note 9  Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measures 

 
 


   

  Risk Management Policy   

 The company is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate risks related to its business operations. The company's hedging policy
attempts to manage these risks to an acceptable level based on the company's judgment of the appropriate trade-off between risk, opportunity and costs. The company uses derivative instruments to
reduce its exposure to foreign currency exchange rates. The company is also exposed to the risk that its earnings and cash flows could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in interest rates. The
company periodically enters into interest rate swaps, based on judgment, to manage interest costs in which the company agrees to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and
floating interest amounts calculated by reference to
an agreed-upon notional amount. Derivative instruments are not used for trading purposes or to manage exposure to changes in interest rates for investment securities, and none of the company's
outstanding derivative instruments contain credit risk related contingent features; collateral is generally not required.  

  Financial Instruments   

 Various AbbVie foreign subsidiaries enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates
for anticipated transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the local entity. These contracts, with notional amounts totaling $1.5 billion and
$1.0 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, are designated as cash flow hedges and are recorded at fair value. Accumulated gains and losses as of December 31, 2013
will be included in cost of products sold at the time the products are sold, generally through the next twelve months.  


 The
company enters into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage its exposure to foreign currency denominated trade payables and receivables and intercompany loans. The contracts are
marked-to-market, and resulting gains or losses are reflected in income and are generally offset by losses or gains on the foreign currency exposure being managed. At December 31, 2013 and
2012, AbbVie held notional amounts of $5.3 billion and $4.3 billion, respectively, of such foreign currency forward exchange contracts.  

 AbbVie
was a party to interest rate hedge contracts, designated as fair value hedges, totaling $8.0 billion at both December 31, 2013 and 2012. The effect of the hedge is to change a
fixed-rate interest obligation to a floating rate for that portion of the debt. AbbVie recorded the contracts at fair value and adjusted the carrying amount of the fixed-rate debt by an offsetting
amount.  

 76 

 
 
 
   

 The
following table summarizes the amounts and location of AbbVie's derivative instruments as of December 31.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Fair value—Derivatives in asset position  
   
 Fair value—Derivatives in liability 
position  
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 Balance sheet caption 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 Balance sheet caption 
 
 
   
 
 
   Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 n/a 
   
 $ 
 432 
   
 $ 
 81 
   
 Long-term liabilities 
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts— 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Hedging instruments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1 
   
 Prepaid expenses and other 
   
   
 61 
   
   
 10 
   
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 
   Others not designated as hedges 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 14 
   
 Prepaid expenses and other 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 15 
   
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 
 
   
 
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 17 
   
 $ 
 15 
   
   
   
 $ 
 505 
   
 $ 
 106 
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  While
certain derivatives are subject to netting arrangements with the company's counterparties, the company does not offset derivative assets and liabilities within the consolidated balance sheets
presented herein.  

 The
following table summarizes the activity for derivative instruments and the amounts and location of income (expense) and gain (loss) reclassified into income and for certain other derivative
instruments for the years ended December 31. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was not significant in 2013, 2012 and 2011.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 (Loss) gain 
recognized 
in other 
comprehensive 
(loss) income  
   
 Income (expense) 
and gain (loss) 
reclassified 
into income  
   
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 Income statement caption 
 
 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency forward exchange contracts— 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Designated as cash flow hedges 
   
 $ 
 (77 
 ) 
 $ 
 (11 
 ) 
 $ 
 (2 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 24 
   
 $ 
 18 
   
 Cost of products sold 
 
 
   Not designated as hedges 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 81 
   
   
 (23 
 ) 
   
 30 
   
 Net foreign exchange loss (gain) 
 
 
   Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 n/a 
   
   
 (351 
 ) 
   
 (81 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 Interest expense (income), net 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  The
losses of $351 million and $81 million related to fair value hedges recognized in net interest expense in 2013 and 2012, respectively, were offset equally by $351 million and
$81 million, respectively, in gains on the underlying hedged item, the fixed-rate debt.  

  Fair Value Measures   

 The fair value hierarchy under the accounting standard for fair value measurements consists of the following three
levels: 

 
 
 • Level 1—Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets that the
company has the ability to access;  
 • Level 2—Valuations based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for
identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in the market; and    
 • Level 3—Valuations using significant inputs that are unobservable in the market and include the use of
judgment by the company's management about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.  
 
 77 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 The
following table summarizes the bases used to measure certain assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31,
2013.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Basis of fair value measurement  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Balance at 
December 31, 
2013 
   
 Quoted prices 
in active 
markets for 
identical 
assets 
(Level 1) 
   
 Significant 
other 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2) 
   
 Significant 
unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and equivalents 
   
 $ 
 9,595 
   
 $ 
 684 
   
 $ 
 8,911 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Time deposits 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 9,922 
   
 $ 
 694 
   
 $ 
 9,228 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest rate hedges 
   
 $ 
 432 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 432 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
   
 73 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 73 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
   
 165 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 165 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 $ 
 670 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 505 
   
 $ 
 165 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
following table summarizes the bases used to measure certain assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis in the combined balance sheet as of December 31,
2012.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Basis of fair value measurement  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Balance at 
December 31, 
2012 
   
 Quoted prices 
in active 
markets for 
identical 
assets 
(Level 1) 
   
 Significant 
other 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2) 
   
 Significant 
unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3) 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Cash and equivalents 
   
 $ 
 5,901 
   
 $ 
 675 
   
 $ 
 5,226 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Time deposits 
   
   
 1,775 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,775 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   U.S. Treasury securities 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 8,003 
   
 $ 
 987 
   
 $ 
 7,016 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest rate hedges 
   
 $ 
 81 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 81 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Foreign currency contracts 
   
   
 25 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 25 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Contingent consideration 
   
   
 251 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 251 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 $ 
 357 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 106 
   
 $ 
 251 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
fair value for time deposits included in cash and equivalents and short-term investments is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis reflecting quoted market rates for the same or
similar instruments. The fair values of time deposits approximate their amortized cost due to the short maturities of these instruments. Available-for-sale equity securities consist of investments for
which the fair value is determined by using the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held, without consideration of transaction costs. The derivatives entered into by the
company are valued using publicized spot and forward prices for foreign currency hedges and publicized swap curves for interest rate hedges. The contingent payments are valued using a discounted cash
flow technique that reflects management's expectations about probability of payment.  

 78 

 
 
 
   

 Cumulative
unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale equity securities totaled $2 million and $1 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  


 There
have been no transfers of assets or liabilities between the fair value measurement levels. The following table is a reconciliation of the fair value measurements that use significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3), which consist of contingent payments related to acquisitions and investments.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Fair value as of December 31, 2011 
   
   
 349 
   
 
 
   Payments 
   
   
 (134 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   Change in fair value recognized in earnings 
   
   
 29 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Fair value as of December 31, 2012 
   
   
 251 
   
 
 
   Payments 
   
   
 (131 
 ) 
 
 
   Additions 
   
   
 28 
   
 
 
   Change in fair value recognized in earnings 
   
   
 17 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Fair value as of December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 165 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  In
connection with an acquisition of a business in 2010, the achievement of a certain sales milestone resulted in a payment of approximately $131 million in 2013 and $134 million in 2012
for which a liability was previously established. Additions of $28 million related to the acquisition of product rights during the second quarter of 2013. The change in fair value recognized in
earnings for both years was recognized in net foreign exchange loss (gain) and other (income) expense, net in the consolidated statements of earnings.  


 In
addition to the financial instruments that the company is required to recognize at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets, the company has certain financial instruments that are recognized
at historical cost or some basis other than fair value. The carrying values and fair values of certain financial instruments as of December 31 are shown in the table below.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Book values  
   
 Approximate 
fair values  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 108 
   
 $ 
 107 
   
 $ 
 129 
   
 $ 
 104 
   
 
 
   Liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
   
   
 413 
   
   
 1,020 
   
   
 413 
   
   
 1,020 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 22 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations, excluding fair value hedges 
   
   
 14,724 
   
   
 14,711 
   
   
 14,493 
   
   
 15,066 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  79 

 
 
 
   

 The
following table summarizes the bases used to measure the approximate fair values of the financial instruments as of December 31, 2013.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Basis of fair value measurement  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Fair value at 
December 31, 
2013 
   
 Quoted prices 
in active 
markets for 
identical 
assets 
(Level 1) 
   
 Significant 
other 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2) 
   
 Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3) 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 129 
   
 $ 
 39 
   
 $ 
 30 
   
 $ 
 60 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 129 
   
 $ 
 39 
   
 $ 
 30 
   
 $ 
 60 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
   
 $ 
 413 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 413 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations, excluding fair value hedges 
   
   
 14,493 
   
   
 14,413 
   
   
 80 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 $ 
 14,924 
   
 $ 
 14,413 
   
 $ 
 511 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
following table summarizes the bases used to measure the approximate fair values of the financial instruments as of December 31, 2012.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Basis of fair value measurement  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Fair value at 
December 31, 
2012 
   
 Quoted prices 
in active 
markets for 
identical 
assets 
(Level 1) 
   
 Significant 
other 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2) 
   
 Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3) 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Investments 
   
 $ 
 104 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 32 
   
 $ 
 72 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 104 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 32 
   
 $ 
 72 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Short-term borrowings 
   
 $ 
 1,020 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 1,020 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations, excluding fair value hedges 
   
   
 15,066 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 15,066 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
 $ 
 16,108 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 16,108 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Investments
consist of cost method investments and held-to-maturity debt securities. Cost method investments include certain investments for which the fair value is determined by using the published
market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held, without consideration of transaction costs. To determine the fair value of other cost method investments, the company takes into
consideration recent transactions, as well as the financial information of the investee, which represents a Level 3 basis of fair value measurement. The fair value of held-to-maturity debt
securities was estimated based upon the quoted market prices for the same or similar debt instruments. The fair values of short-term and current borrowings approximate the carrying values due to the
short maturities of these instruments. For 2013, the fair value of long-term debt, excluding fair value hedges, was determined by using the published market price for the debt instruments, without
consideration of  

 80 

 
 
 
   

 transaction
costs, which represents a Level 1 basis of fair value measurement. For 2012, the fair value of long-term debt, excluding fair value hedges, was estimated based upon the quoted
market prices for the same or similar debt instruments. For 2013 and 2012, the fair value of other debt and lease obligations was estimated based on a discounted cash flow analysis reflecting quoted
market prices for the same or similar debt instruments. There were no material adjustments to fair value during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 of assets and liabilities that are not
measured at fair value on a recurring
basis, except as discussed in Note 5 regarding the impairment of the company's investment in Reata. The counterparties to financial instruments consist of select major international financial
institutions.  

  Concentrations of Risk   

 The company invests excess cash in time deposits, money market funds and U.S. Treasury securities and diversifies the concentration of cash among
different financial institutions. The company monitors concentrations of credit risk associated with deposits with financial institutions. Credit exposure limits have been established to limit a
concentration with any single issuer or institution.  

 Three
U.S. wholesalers accounted for 38 percent and 48 percent of total net accounts receivables as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and substantially all of AbbVie's
U.S. sales are to these three wholesalers. In addition, substantially all of AbbVie's trade receivables in Greece, Portugal, Italy and Spain are with governmental health systems. Global economic
conditions and liquidity issues in these countries have resulted, and may continue to result, in delays in the collection of receivables and credit losses. While the company continues to receive
payments on these receivables, these conditions have resulted in an increase in the average length of time it takes to collect accounts receivable outstanding. Net governmental receivables outstanding
in Greece, Portugal, Italy and Spain totaled $781 million and $725 million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  

 HUMIRA
is AbbVie's single largest product and accounted for approximately 57 percent, 50 percent and 45 percent of AbbVie's total sales in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Any
significant event that adversely affects HUMIRA's revenues could have a material adverse impact on AbbVie's results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Because HUMIRA is a biologic and
biologics cannot be readily substituted, it is uncertain what impact the loss of patent protection would have on the sales of HUMIRA.  

 Note 10  Post-Employment Benefits 

 
 


   

 AbbVie sponsors various pension and other post-employment benefit plans, including defined benefit, defined contribution and termination indemnity plans, which
cover most employees worldwide. In addition, AbbVie provides medical benefits, primarily to eligible U.S. retirees, through other post-retirement benefit plans.  

  Abbott Sponsored Plans   

 Prior to separation, AbbVie employees participated in certain U.S. and international defined benefit pension and other post-employment (OPEB) plans
sponsored by Abbott. These plans included participants of Abbott's other businesses and were accounted for as multiemployer benefit plans in AbbVie's combined financial statements as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011. As a result, no asset or liability was recorded by AbbVie in the historical combined balance sheets through December 31, 2012 to recognize the
funded status of these plans. Effective January 1, 2013, in connection with the separation of AbbVie from Abbott, these plans were separated and AbbVie assumed net benefit plan obligations that
were previously provided by Abbott. For Abbott-sponsored defined benefit and post-employment benefit plans, AbbVie recorded expenses of $200 million in 2012 and $150 million in 2011.
Abbott made voluntary contributions to its defined benefit pension plans that AbbVie accounted for as multiemployer benefit plans totaling $310 million and $289 million in 2012 and 2011,
respectively. The multiemployer benefit pension plans were approximately 94 percent funded as of December 31, 2012.  

 81 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

  AbbVie Sponsored Plans   

 AbbVie is the sole sponsor of certain other defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans, which have been reflected in the consolidated
balance sheet as of December 31, 2013 and the combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2012. During 2012, in preparation for the separation from Abbott, certain defined benefit pension
and other post-employment benefit plans were assumed by AbbVie and were reflected in the December 31, 2012 combined balance sheet. AbbVie made voluntary contributions to the AbbVie sponsored
pension plans of $46 million and $64 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

 Prior
to the separation, AbbVie employees participated in the Abbott Laboratories Annuity Retirement Plan, which was Abbott's principal domestic defined benefit pension plan. In connection with the
separation, AbbVie established the AbbVie Pension Plan, which is AbbVie's principal domestic defined benefit pension plan, with substantially the same terms as the Abbott Laboratories Annuity
Retirement Plan. AbbVie employees who were eligible to participate in the Abbott Laboratories Annuity Retirement Plan on December 31, 2012 automatically became eligible for the AbbVie Pension
Plan. During the first quarter of 2013, the AbbVie Pension Plan assumed the obligations and related assets for its employees from the Abbott Laboratories Annuity Retirement Plan. In the first quarter
of 2013, AbbVie made a voluntary contribution of $145 million this plan. AbbVie also made a voluntary contribution of $370 million to this plan subsequent to December 31, 2013.  

 82 

 
 
 
   

 The
benefit plan information in the table below pertains to the global AbbVie-sponsored defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Defined 
benefit plans  
   
 Other 
post-employment 
plans  
   
 
 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Projected benefit obligations 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of period 
   
 $ 
 1,669 
   
 $ 
 649 
   
 $ 
 231 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Service cost 
   
   
 184 
   
   
 21 
   
   
 23 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 196 
   
   
 38 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Employee contributions 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Plan amendments 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Assumption of plan liabilities 
   
   
 3,009 
   
   
 797 
   
   
 209 
   
   
 231 
   
 
 
   Removal of plans 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (12 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
   
   
 (455 
 ) 
   
 182 
   
   
 (55 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 (146 
 ) 
   
 (40 
 ) 
   
 (12 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other, primarily foreign currency translation loss 
   
   
 27 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   End of period 
   
 $ 
 4,484 
   
 $ 
 1,669 
   
 $ 
 403 
   
 $ 
 231 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Beginning of period 
   
 $ 
 898 
   
 $ 
 230 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
   
   
 491 
   
   
 42 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Company contributions 
   
   
 198 
   
   
 46 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Employee contributions 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Assumption of plan assets 
   
   
 2,221 
   
   
 620 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Benefits paid 
   
   
 (146 
 ) 
   
 (40 
 ) 
   
 (12 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other, primarily foreign currency translation gain 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   End of period 
   
 $ 
 3,666 
   
 $ 
 898 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Funded status at December 31 
   
 $ 
 
(818 
 ) 
 $ 
 
(771 
 ) 
 $ 
 
(403 
 ) 
 $ 
 
(231 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 



  
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 



  
   
 
 
   Amounts recognized in consolidated balance sheets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
 $ 
 442 
   
 $ 
 11 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Current liabilities 
   
   
 (27 
 ) 
   
 (27 
 ) 
   
 (8 
 ) 
   
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
   Long-term liabilities 
   
   
 (1,233 
 ) 
   
 (755 
 ) 
   
 (395 
 ) 
   
 (224 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net liability at December 31 
   
 $ 
 (818 
 ) 
 $ 
 (771 
 ) 
 $ 
 (403 
 ) 
 $ 
 (231 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Actuarial losses, net 
   
 $ 
 
1,194 
   
 $ 
 
526 
   
 $ 
 
74 
   
 $ 
 
69 
   
 
 
   Prior service cost 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 (47 
 ) 
   
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   AOCI at December 31 
   
 $ 
 1,216 
   
 $ 
 536 
   
 $ 
 27 
   
 $ 
 68 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
projected benefit obligations (PBO) in the table above included $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to international defined
benefit pension plans, a number of which generally are not funded, in accordance with local regulations. Benefit payments under those plans are funded from company assets.  

 For
plans reflected in the table above, the accumulated benefit obligations (ABO) were $3.9 billion and $1.5 billion at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. For those plans
reflected in the table above in which the ABO exceeded plan assets at December 31, 2013, the ABO, PBO and aggregate plan assets were $1.8 billion, $2.4 billion and
$1.1 billion, respectively.  

 83 

 
 
 
   

  Amounts Recognized in AOCI and OCI   

 The defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans' actuarial gains or losses and prior service costs or credits not yet recognized in net
periodic benefit cost are recognized on a net-of-tax basis in AOCI and will be amortized to net periodic benefit cost in the future. The following is a summary of the pretax gains and losses included
in OCI.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Defined benefit plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
   
 $ 
 (715 
 ) 
 $ 
 98 
   
   
 19 
   
 
 
   Prior service cost 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs 
   
   
 (114 
 ) 
   
 (7 
 ) 
   
 (2 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign exchange loss 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total pretax (gain) loss recognized in OCI 
   
 $ 
 (812 
 ) 
 $ 
 105 
   
 $ 
 19 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Other post-employment plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Actuarial (gain) loss 
   
 $ 
 (42 
 ) 
 $ 
 69 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Prior service cost 
   
   
 (53 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total pretax (gain) loss recognized in OCI 
   
 $ 
 (95 
 ) 
 $ 
 69 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
pretax amount of actuarial (gain) loss and prior service cost included in AOCI at December 31, 2013 that is expected to be recognized in the net periodic benefit cost in 2014 is
$69 million for defined benefit plans and $(4) million for other post-employment plans.  

  Net Periodic Benefit Cost   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Defined benefit plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Service cost 
   
 $ 
 184 
   
 $ 
 21 
   
 $ 
 18 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 196 
   
   
 38 
   
   
 32 
   
 
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
   
   
 (259 
 ) 
   
 (29 
 ) 
   
 (21 
 ) 
 
 
   Amortization of actuarial losses and prior service costs 
   
   
 114 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net periodic pension benefit cost 
   
 $ 
 235 
   
 $ 
 37 
   
 $ 
 31 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Other post-employment plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Service cost 
   
 $ 
 23 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Interest cost 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Amortization of actuarial gain and prior service costs 
   
   
 (1 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net periodic OPEB cost 
   
 $ 
 41 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Weighted-Average Assumptions Used in Determining Benefit Obligations at the Measurement Date   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Defined benefit plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 4.9 
 % 
   
 4.0 
 % 
 
 
   Rate of compensation increases 
   
   
 5.0 
 % 
   
 3.9 
 % 
 
 
   Other post-employment plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 5.3 
 % 
   
 4.3 
 % 
 
 
   Rate of compensation increases 
   
   
 6.0 
 % 
   
 3.5 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  84 

 
 
 
   

 The
assumptions above, which were used in calculating the December 31, 2013 measurement date benefit obligations, will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2014.  

  Weighted-Average Assumptions Used in Determining Net Periodic Benefit Cost   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Defined benefit plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 4.3 
 % 
   
 5.1 
 % 
   
 5.0 
 % 
 
 
   Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
   
   
 8.2 
 % 
   
 8.5 
 % 
   
 8.5 
 % 
 
 
   Expected rate of change in compensation 
   
   
 5.0 
 % 
   
 4.2 
 % 
   
 4.1 
 % 
 
 
   Other post-employment plans 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Discount rate 
   
   
 4.5 
 % 
   
 N/A 
   
   
 N/A 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  For
purposes of measuring post-retirement health care obligations as of the measurement date, the Company assumed a 7.9% pre-65 (7.6% post-65) annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered
health care benefits. The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to 5% in 2051 and remain at that level thereafter. For purposes of measuring post-retirement health care costs for 2013, the company
assumed a 7.9% pre-65 (7.6% post-65) annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered health care benefits. The rate was assumed to decrease gradually to 5% for 2051 and remain at that level
thereafter.  

 Assumed
health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans. As of December 31, 2013, a 1% change in assumed health care cost trend rates would
have the following effects:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 One percentage 
point  
   
 
 
 year ended December 31, 2013 (in millions) 
   
 Increase 
   
 Decrease 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Service cost and interest cost 
   
 $ 
 8 
   
 $ 
 (6 
 ) 
 
 
   Projected benefit obligation 
   
   
 71 
   
   
 (56 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
   Defined Benefit Pension Plan Assets   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Basis of fair value measurement  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Balance at 
December 31, 
2013 
   
 Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
identical assets 
(Level 1) 
   
 Significant other 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2) 
   
 Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3) 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Equities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. large cap(a) 
   
 $ 
 1,197 
   
 $ 
 576 
   
 $ 
 621 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   U.S. mid cap(b) 
   
   
 244 
   
   
 62 
   
   
 182 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   International(c) 
   
   
 614 
   
   
 225 
   
   
 389 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fixed income securities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. government securities(d) 
   
   
 292 
   
   
 35 
   
   
 257 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments(e) 
   
   
 212 
   
   
 57 
   
   
 155 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Government Securities International 
   
   
 216 
   
   
 159 
   
   
 57 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 52 
   
   
 45 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Absolute return funds(f) 
   
   
 704 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 290 
   
   
 411 
   
 
 
   Real assets 
   
   
 70 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 62 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other(g) 
   
   
 65 
   
   
 62 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
 $ 
 3,666 
   
 $ 
 1,232 
   
 $ 
 2,023 
   
 $ 
 411 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  85 

 
 

 
   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Basis of fair value measurement  
   
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Balance at 
December 31, 
2012 
   
 Quoted prices in 
active markets for 
identical assets 
(Level 1) 
   
 Significant other 
observable 
inputs 
(Level 2) 
   
 Significant 
unobservable 
inputs 
(Level 3) 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Equities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. large cap(a) 
   
 $ 
 232 
   
 $ 
 232 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   U.S. mid cap(b) 
   
   
 45 
   
   
 31 
   
   
 14 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   International(c) 
   
   
 276 
   
   
 234 
   
   
 42 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fixed income securities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   U.S. government securities(d) 
   
   
 73 
   
   
 24 
   
   
 49 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Corporate debt instruments(e) 
   
   
 109 
   
   
 93 
   
   
 16 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Government Securities International 
   
   
 26 
   
   
 26 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Absolute return funds(f) 
   
   
 90 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 37 
   
   
 31 
   
 
 
   Real assets 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   Other(g) 
   
   
 27 
   
   
 27 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
   
 $ 
 898 
   
 $ 
 699 
   
 $ 
 166 
   
 $ 
 33 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (a) A
mix of pooled index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various large cap indices.
 (b) A
mix of pooled index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various mid cap indices.
 (c) A
mix of pooled index funds and actively managed equity accounts that are benchmarked to various non-US equity indices in both developed and emerging
markets.
 (d) Securities
held by pooled index funds and mutual funds.
 (e) Securities
held by actively managed accounts, pooled index funds, and mutual funds.
 (f) Funds
having global mandates with the flexibility to allocate capital broadly across a wide range of asset classes and strategies, including but not limited
to equities, fixed income, commodities, financial futures, currencies, and other securities, with objectives to outperform agreed upon benchmarks of specific return and volatility targets.
 (g) Investments
in cash and cash equivalents.   
  
  Equities
that are valued using quoted prices are valued at the published market prices. Equities in a common collective trust or a registered investment company that are valued using significant other
observable inputs are valued at the net asset value (NAV) provided by the fund administrator. The NAV is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund minus its liabilities. Fixed
income securities that are valued using significant other observable inputs are valued at prices obtained
from independent financial service industry-recognized vendors. Absolute return funds and commodities are valued at the NAV provided by the fund administrator.  

 86 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 The
following table summarizes the change in the value of plan assets that are measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance as of January 1 
   
 $ 
 33 
   
 $ 
 27 
   
 
 
   Transfers in from other categories 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Actual return on plan assets on hand at year end 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
   Assumption of level 3 assets 
   
   
 372 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Purchases, sales and settlements, net 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance as of December 31 
   
 $ 
 411 
   
 $ 
 33 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
investment mix of equity securities, fixed income and other asset allocation strategies is based upon achieving a desired return, balancing higher return, more volatile equity securities, and
lower return, less volatile fixed income securities. Investment allocations are established for each plan and are generally made across a range of markets, industry sectors, capitalization sizes, and
in the case of fixed income securities, maturities and credit quality. The target investment allocations for the AbbVie Pension Plan is 50% in equity securities, 20% in fixed income securities and 30%
in asset allocation strategies and other holdings. There are no known significant concentrations of risk in the plan assets of the AbbVie Pension Plan or any other plans' assets.  

 The
plans' expected return on assets, as shown above, is based on management's expectations of long-term average rates of return to be achieved by the underlying investment portfolios. In establishing
this assumption, management considers historical and expected returns for the asset classes in which the plans are invested, as well as current economic and capital market conditions.  

  Expected Pension and Other Post-Employment Payments   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) 
   
 Defined 
benefit plans 
   
 Other 
post-employment 
plans 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   2014 
   
 $ 
 154 
   
 $ 
 9 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
   
 162 
   
   
 11 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 170 
   
   
 13 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 180 
   
   
 15 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 192 
   
   
 18 
   
 
 
   2019 to 2023 
   
   
 1,164 
   
   
 129 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
above table reflects total benefit payments expected to be paid to participants, which includes payments funded from company assets as well as paid from the plans.  

  Other   

 Prior to the separation, AbbVie employees also participated in the Abbott Laboratories Stock Retirement Plan, which was Abbott's principal defined
contribution plan. AbbVie recorded expense of $67 million and $68 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively, related to this plan. In connection with the separation, AbbVie established the
AbbVie Savings Plan, which is AbbVie's principal defined contribution plan, with substantially the same terms as the Abbott Laboratories Stock Retirement Plan. AbbVie employees who were eligible to
participate in the Abbott Laboratories Stock
Retirement Plan on January 1, 2013 automatically became eligible for the AbbVie Savings Plan. AbbVie recorded expense of $62 million in 2013 related to this plan.  

 AbbVie
provides certain other post-employment benefits, primarily salary continuation plans, to qualifying employees and accrues for the related cost over the service lives of the employees.  

 87 

 
 
 
   

 Note 11  Equity 

 
 


   

  Stock-Based Compensation   

 Stock-based compensation expense was $212 million, $187 million and $163 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The
related tax benefit recognized was $68 million, $56 million and $48 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. In 2013, realized excess tax benefits associated with stock-based
compensation totaled $38 million and was presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows as an outflow within the operating section and an inflow within the financing section. For 2013,
$134 million of stock-compensation expense was classified in SG&A, $58 million in R&D and $20 million in cost of products sold. Stock-based compensation expense for both 2012 and
2011 was allocated to AbbVie based on the portion of Abbott's incentive stock program in which AbbVie employees participated. For both 2012 and 2011, more than half of stock-based compensation expense
was classified in SG&A, with the remainder classified in R&D and cost of products sold. Compensation cost capitalized as part of inventory at December 31, 2013 and 2012 was not significant.  


 Compensation
expense for stock-based awards is measured based on the fair value of the awards, as of the date the stock-based awards are granted and adjusted to the estimated number of awards that are
expected to vest. Forfeitures are estimated based on historical experience at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Compensation cost
for stock-based awards are amortized over their service period, which could be shorter than the vesting period if an employee is retirement eligible, with a charge to compensation expense. For
stock-based awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, compensation expense is recognized immediately at the grant date because the employee is able to retain the award without continuing to
provide service.  

 Prior
to separation, AbbVie employees participated in Abbott's incentive stock program. The AbbVie 2013 Incentive Stock Program, adopted at the time of separation, facilitated the assumption of
certain awards granted under Abbott's incentive stock program and authorizes the post-separation grant of several different forms of benefits, including nonqualified stock options, RSAs, RSUs and
performance-based RSAs and RSUs. Under the AbbVie 2013 Incentive Stock Program, 100 million shares of common stock were reserved for issuance with respect to post-separation awards for
participants.  

 In
connection with the separation, outstanding Abbott employee stock options, RSAs and RSUs previously issued under Abbott's incentive stock program were adjusted and converted into new Abbott and
AbbVie stock-based awards using a formula designed to preserve the intrinsic value and fair value of the awards immediately prior to the separation. Upon the separation on January 1, 2013,
holders of Abbott stock options, RSAs and RSUs generally received one AbbVie stock-based award for each Abbott stock-based award outstanding. These adjusted awards retained the vesting schedule and
expiration date of the original awards. No awards have been granted to Abbott employees other than in connection with the separation.  

  Stock Options   

 The exercise price for options granted is at least equal to 100 percent of the market value on the date of grant. Stock options typically have
a contractual term of 10 years and generally vest in one-third increments over a three-year period except for stock options with a replacement feature. Pre-2005 options were granted with a
replacement option feature. The terms and conditions of the replacement option are the same in all material respects as those applicable to the original grant. When the exercise price of an option
with a replacement option feature is paid with common shares held by the employee, a replacement option is granted for the number of shares used to make that payment. The closing price of the common
share on the business day before the exercise is used to determine the number of shares required to exercise the related option and the exercise price of the replacement option. The replacement option
is exercisable in full six months after the date of grant, and has a term expiring on the expiration date of the original option.  

 88 

 
 
 
   

 The
fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes model. The weighted-average assumptions used in estimating the fair value of stock options granted during each year, along with
weighted-average grant-date fair values, were as follows.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 1.10 
 % 
   
 1.20 
 % 
   
 2.70 
 % 
 
 
   Average life of options (years) 
   
   
 6.0 
   
   
 6.0 
   
   
 6.0 
   
 
 
   Volatility 
   
   
 32.63 
 % 
   
 21.00 
 % 
   
 21.00 
 % 
 
 
   Dividend yield 
   
   
 4.30 
 % 
   
 3.60 
 % 
   
 4.10 
 % 
 
 
   Fair value per stock option 
   
 $ 
 6.87 
   
 $ 
 6.80 
   
 $ 
 6.23 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
risk-free interest rate is based on the rates available at the time of the grant for zero-coupon U.S. government issues with a remaining term equal to the option's expected life. The average life
of an option for 2013 is based on the simplified method. Prior to 2013, the average life of an option was based on both historical and projected exercise and lapsing data. For 2013, the expected
volatility is based on an average peer historical volatility over the expected life of the option. Prior to 2013, the
expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of Abbott's stock over the expected life of the option. Dividend yield is based on the option's exercise price and annual dividend rate at
the time of grant.  

 The
following table summarizes AbbVie stock option activity for both AbbVie and Abbott employees for the year ended December 31, 2013.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (options in thousands, aggregate intrinsic 
value in millions) 
   
 Options 
   
 Weighted- 
average 
exercise price 
   
 Weighted- 
Average 
remaining 
life (in years) 
   
 Aggregate 
intrinsic value 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Options converted on January 1, 2013 
   
   
 47,718 
   
   
 27.00 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 3,128 
   
   
 37.91 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (14,620 
 ) 
   
 28.14 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Lapsed 
   
   
 (232 
 ) 
   
 28.21 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 35,994 
   
   
 27.48 
   
   
 3.6 
   
 $ 
 912 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Exercisable at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 32,564 
   
 $ 
 27.04 
   
   
 3.1 
   
 $ 
 840 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the difference between the exercise price and the company's closing stock price on the last day of trading for the year ended
December 31, 2013. The total intrinsic value of options exercised in 2013 was $229 million. For options issued under Abbott's incentive stock programs to AbbVie employees prior to the
separation, the total intrinsic value of options exercises in 2012 and 2011 was $170 million and $31 million, respectively. The total fair value of options vested during 2013 was
$17 million.  

 The
tax benefit realized from option exercises totaled $21 million for 2013. As of December 31, 2013, $2 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options is
expected to be recognized as expense over approximately the next two years.  

  RSAs & RSUs   

 RSAs generally vest over three and five years. For RSAs that vest over five years, no more than one-third of the award vests in any one year. RSUs
vest over three years and, upon vesting, the recipient receives one share of common stock for each vested RSU. In addition, AbbVie grants selected executives and other key employees performance-based
RSAs and RSUs with vesting contingent upon meeting various departmental and company-wide performance goals, including AbbVie achieving a  

 89 

 
 
 
   

 minimum
return on equity. The fair value of RSAs and RSUs (including performance-based awards) is determined based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of the common stock on the date
of grant. AbbVie assumes that the performance goals will be achieved. If such goals are not met, no compensation cost is recognized and any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed.  


 The
following table summarizes AbbVie RSA and RSU activity (including performance-based awards) for both AbbVie and Abbott employees for the year ended December 31, 2013.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (share units in thousands) 
   
 Share units 
   
 Weighted-average 
grant date fair value 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Awards converted on January 1, 2013 
   
   
 15,394 
   
   
 27.55 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 7,615 
   
   
 36.39 
   
 
 
   Vested 
   
   
 (7,553 
 ) 
   
 27.33 
   
 
 
   Lapsed 
   
   
 (546 
 ) 
   
 30.65 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 14,910 
   
 $ 
 32.07 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Unvested shares at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 14,804 
   
 $ 
 32.08 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
fair market value of RSAs and RSUs vested in 2013 was $285 million. For RSAs and RSUs issued under Abbott's incentive stock programs prior to the separation, the fair market value of RSAs
and RSUs vested in 2012 and 2011 was $123 million and $74 million, respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per share of RSAs and RSUs granted during 2012 and 2011 was
$56.07 and $46.85, respectively. Such amounts have not been adjusted to reflect the separation from Abbott.  


 As
of December 31, 2013, $177 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to RSAs and RSUs is expected to be recognized as expense over approximately the next two years.  

  Cash Dividends   

 On January 4, February 15, June 20, and September 19, 2013, the board of directors declared quarterly cash dividends of
$0.40 per share of common stock, which were paid on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15, 2013, respectively. Additionally, on December 12, 2013, the board
of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock for stockholders of record on January 15, 2014, which was paid on February 14, 2014.  


 The
cash dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock declared on January 4, 2013 was declared from pre-separation earnings and was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital.  

  Stock Repurchase Program   

 On February 15, 2013, AbbVie's board of directors authorized a $1.5 billion stock repurchase program. Purchases of AbbVie shares may be
made from time to time at management's discretion depending on the company's cash flows, net debt level and market conditions. The plan has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. During
2013, AbbVie repurchased approximately 4 million shares for $223 million in the open market. Shares repurchased under this program are recorded at acquisition cost, including related
expenses, and are available for general corporate purposes. AbbVie's remaining share repurchase authorization is $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2013.  

 90 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss   

 The following table summarizes the changes in balances of each component of AOCI, net of tax for the three year period ended December 31,
2013.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions) (brackets denote losses) 
   
 Foreign 
currency 
translation 
adjustments 
   
 Pension 
and post- 
employment 
benefits 
   
 Unrealized 
gains 
(losses) on 
marketable 
equity 
securities 
   
 Gains 
(losses) on 
hedging 
activities 
   
 Total 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2010 
   
 $ 
 303 
   
 $ 
 (58 
 ) 
 $ 
 9 
   
 $ 
 34 
   
 $ 
 288 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
   
   
 (295 
 ) 
   
 (8 
 ) 
   
 17 
   
   
 (14 
 ) 
 $ 
 (300 
 ) 
 
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (14 
 ) 
 $ 
 (13 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive income 
   
   
 (295 
 ) 
   
 (7 
 ) 
   
 17 
   
   
 (28 
 ) 
 $ 
 (313 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2011 
   
 $ 
 8 
   
 $ 
 (65 
 ) 
 $ 
 26 
   
 $ 
 6 
   
 $ 
 (25 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
   
   
 173 
   
   
 (157 
 ) 
   
 (25 
 ) 
   
 (9 
 ) 
 $ 
 (18 
 ) 
 
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (18 
 ) 
 $ 
 (11 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive income 
   
   
 173 
   
   
 (150 
 ) 
   
 (25 
 ) 
   
 (27 
 ) 
 $ 
 (29 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Separation-related adjustments 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (296 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 (296 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2012 
   
 $ 
 181 
   
 $ 
 (511 
 ) 
 $ 
 1 
   
 $ 
 (21 
 ) 
 $ 
 (350 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 519 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (77 
 ) 
 $ 
 491 
   
 
 
   Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 79 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 79 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive income 
   
   
 48 
   
   
 598 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 (77 
 ) 
 $ 
 570 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Separation-related adjustments 
   
   
 241 
   
   
 (914 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 11 
   
 $ 
 (662 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 470 
   
 $ 
 (827 
 ) 
 $ 
 2 
   
 $ 
 (87 
 ) 
 $ 
 (442 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
table below presents the significant amounts reclassified out of each component of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the three year period ended December 31, 2013.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Pension and post-employee benefits 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Amortization of actuarial losses and other 
   
 $ 
 114 
   
 $ 
 7 
   
 $ 
 2 
   
 
 
   Less tax expense 
   
   
 (35 
 ) 
   
 (— 
 ) 
   
 (1 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total reclassification, net of tax 
   
 $ 
 79 
   
 $ 
 7 
   
 $ 
 1 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Other   

 In addition to common stock, AbbVie's authorized capital includes 200 million shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01. As of
December 31, 2013, no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding.  

 91 

 
 
 
   

 Note 12  Income Taxes 

 
 


  

  Earnings Before Income Taxes   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 $ 
 (581 
 ) 
 $ 
 625 
   
 $ 
 626 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 5,913 
   
   
 5,100 
   
   
 3,042 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total earnings before income taxes 
   
 $ 
 5,332 
   
 $ 
 5,725 
   
 $ 
 3,668 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Income Taxes   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Current 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 $ 
 226 
   
 $ 
 94 
   
 $ 
 177 
   
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 354 
   
   
 252 
   
   
 390 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total current taxes 
   
 $ 
 580 
   
 $ 
 346 
   
 $ 
 567 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Deferred 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Domestic 
   
 $ 
 678 
   
 $ 
 89 
   
 $ 
 (198 
 ) 
 
 
   Foreign 
   
   
 (54 
 ) 
   
 15 
   
   
 (134 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total deferred taxes 
   
   
 624 
   
   
 104 
   
   
 (332 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total income taxes 
   
 $ 
 1,204 
   
 $ 
 450 
   
 $ 
 235 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Effective Tax Rate Reconciliation   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Statutory tax rate 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
   
 35.0 
 % 
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
   Effect of foreign operations 
   
   
 (11.5 
 ) 
   
 (23.5 
 ) 
   
 (25.4 
 ) 
 
 
   Resolution of uncertain tax positions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (3.4 
 ) 
   
 (11.2 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-deductible litigation loss 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 12.9 
   
 
 
   Puerto Rico excise tax credit 
   
   
 (1.9 
 ) 
   
 (1.2 
 ) 
   
 (3.2 
 ) 
 
 
   State taxes, net of federal benefit 
   
   
 0.4 
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
 0.3 
   
 
 
   All other, net 
   
   
 0.6 
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
 (2.0 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Effective tax rate 
   
   
 22.6 
 % 
   
 7.9 
 % 
   
 6.4 
 % 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  The
benefit from foreign operations reflected the impact of lower income tax rates in locations outside the United States, tax exemptions and incentives in Puerto Rico and other foreign tax
jurisdictions, together with the cost of repatriation decisions. As further discussed in the "Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities" section following, income tax expense in 2013 included income tax
expense relating to 2013 earnings outside the United States that are not deemed indefinitely reinvested. Income taxes in 2012 and 2011 included the recognition of tax benefits totaling approximately
$195 million and $410 million, respectively, as a result of favorable resolutions of various tax positions pertaining to prior years. Income taxes in 2011 also reflected the
non-deductibility of a litigation reserve.  

 Puerto
Rico enacted legislation that assesses an excise tax beginning in 2011 on certain products manufactured in Puerto Rico. The tax is levied on gross inventory purchases from entities in Puerto
Rico and is included in cost of products sold in the consolidated statements of earnings. The majority of the tax is creditable for U.S. income tax purposes.  

 92 

 
 
 
   

  Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Deferred tax assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Compensation and employee benefits 
   
 $ 
 279 
   
 $ 
 190 
   
 
 
   Accruals and reserves 
   
   
 252 
   
   
 173 
   
 
 
   Chargebacks and rebates 
   
   
 333 
   
   
 403 
   
 
 
   Deferred revenue 
   
   
 348 
   
   
 283 
   
 
 
   Depreciation 
   
   
 64 
   
   
 42 
   
 
 
   State income taxes 
   
   
 67 
   
   
 87 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 122 
   
   
 274 
   
 
 
   Net operating losses and other credit carryforwards 
   
   
 115 
   
   
 92 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
   
   
 1,580 
   
   
 1,544 
   
 
 
   Valuation allowances 
   
   
 (43 
 ) 
   
 (7 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total net deferred tax assets 
   
 $ 
 1,537 
   
 $ 
 1,537 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Excess of book basis over tax basis of intangible assets 
   
 $ 
 (508 
 ) 
 $ 
 (500 
 ) 
 
 
   Repatriation of foreign earnings 
   
   
 (606 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
   
 $ 
 (1,114 
 ) 
 $ 
 (500 
 ) 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net deferred tax asset 
   
 $ 
 423 
   
 $ 
 1,037 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  In
2013, certain prior period amounts were reclassified to conform with the current period presentation, primarily in connection with reclassifying prepaid taxes of $777 million associated with
deferred intercompany profit in inventory from current deferred income taxes to prepaid expenses and other in the combined balance sheet as of December 31, 2012.  

 As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the company has loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes totaling approximately $585 million and $419 million, respectively, which are available
for use by the company between 2014 and 2033. As of December 31, 2013, the company has state tax credit carryforwards of $53 million. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the company
has loss carryforwards for foreign tax purposes totaling approximately $95 million and $114 million, respectively. The majority of the foreign loss carryforwards do not have an
expiration period. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the company has recorded valuation allowances of $43 million and $7 million, respectively, related to certain state net
operating losses and credit carryforwards that are not expected to be realized.  

 Deferred
income taxes have not been provided on approximately $21 billion of the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries as these earnings have been indefinitely reinvested for continued
use in foreign operations. It is not practicable to determine the tax effect of a distribution of these earnings.  

  Unrecognized Tax Benefits   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance as of January 1 
   
 $ 
 1,140 
   
 $ 
 1,039 
   
 $ 
 1,645 
   
 
 
   Increase due to current year tax positions 
   
   
 195 
   
   
 370 
   
   
 294 
   
 
 
   Increase due to prior year tax positions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 149 
   
 
 
   Decrease due to current year tax positions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (15 
 ) 
 
 
   Decrease due to prior year tax positions 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (220 
 ) 
   
 (604 
 ) 
 
 
   Settlements 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (50 
 ) 
   
 (430 
 ) 
 
 
   Separation-related adjustments 
   
   
 (1,088 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Balance as of December 31 
   
 $ 
 247 
   
 $ 
 1,140 
   
 $ 
 1,039 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  93 

 
 
 
   

 AbbVie
and Abbott entered into a tax sharing agreement, effective on the date of separation, which provides that Abbott is liable for and has indemnified AbbVie against all income tax liabilities for
periods prior to the separation if the tax positions are settled for amounts in excess of recorded liabilities. AbbVie will not benefit if prior tax positions are resolved more favorably than recorded
amounts. As a result, no liability for uncertain tax positions was recorded in the combined financial statements as of December 31, 2012 and 2011.  

 The
table above reflects a reduction of $1.1 billion relating to tax periods prior to the separation for which Abbott is the primary obligor. However, under U.S. Treasury Regulations, each
member of a consolidated group is severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of each other member of the consolidated group. Accordingly, with respect to periods in which AbbVie was
included in Abbott's consolidated group, AbbVie could be liable to the U.S. government for any U.S. federal income tax liability incurred by the consolidated group, to the extent not discharged by any
other member. However, if any such liability were imposed, AbbVie would be entitled to be indemnified by Abbott pursuant to the tax sharing agreement.  


 AbbVie
will be responsible for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties for periods after separation or in instances where an existing entity was transferred to AbbVie upon
separation. As a result, AbbVie has continued to account for these tax uncertainties. To the extent that these obligations relate to periods prior to the separation, a reimbursement receivable of
approximately $41 million has been recorded within other assets at December 31, 2013.  

 If
recognized, the net amount of potential tax benefits that would impact the company's effective tax rate is $218 million. The company is routinely audited by the tax authorities in these
jurisdictions, and a number of audits are currently underway. It is reasonably possible during the next twelve months that uncertain tax positions may be settled, which could result in a decrease in
the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits. Due to the potential for resolution of federal, state, and foreign examinations, and the expiration of various statutes of limitation, the company's
gross unrecognized tax benefits balance may change within the next twelve months up to $22 million. All significant federal, state, local, and international matters have been concluded for
years through 2005. The company believes adequate provision has been made for all income tax uncertainties.  

 AbbVie
recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The amounts expensed and the liabilities accrued are immaterial as of and for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. Uncertain tax positions are included as a long-term liability on the balance sheet.  

 Note 13  Legal Proceedings and Contingencies 

 
 


  

 Subject to certain exceptions specified in the separation agreement, AbbVie assumed the liability for, and control of, all pending and threatened legal matters
related to its business, including liabilities for any claims or legal proceedings related to products that had been part of its business but were discontinued prior to the distribution, as well as
assumed or retained liabilities, and will indemnify Abbott for any liability arising out of or resulting from such assumed legal matters. AbbVie is involved in various claims, legal proceedings and
investigations, including those described below. The recorded accrual balance for litigation at December 31, 2013 was not significant. Within the next year, other legal proceedings may occur
that may result in a change in the estimated loss accrued by AbbVie. While it is not feasible to predict the outcome of all other proceedings and exposures with certainty, management believes that
their ultimate disposition should not have a material adverse effect on AbbVie's consolidated financial position, cash flows, or results of operations, except as described below.  

 The
U.S. Department of Justice, through the U.S. Attorney for the Western District of Virginia, and various state Attorneys General investigated AbbVie's sales and marketing activities for Depakote.
The government sought to determine whether any of these activities violated civil and/or criminal laws,  

 94 

 
 
 
   

 including
the Federal False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, and the Anti-Kickback Statute in connection with Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement to third parties. The state Attorneys
General offices sought to determine whether any of these activities violated various state laws, including state consumer fraud/protection statutes. AbbVie recorded charges of $1.5 billion in
the third quarter of 2011 and $100 million in the first quarter of 2012 related to civil and criminal claims arising from this matter. In May 2012, AbbVie reached resolution of all
Depakote-related federal claims, Medicaid-related claims with 49 states and the District of Columbia, and consumer protection claims with 45 states and the District of Columbia. In 2012, AbbVie paid
approximately $1.6 billion for the settlement. The payments were material to AbbVie's combined statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2012.  

 Two
cases are pending in state courts against AbbVie that generally allege Abbott and numerous other pharmaceutical companies reported false pricing information in connection with certain drugs that
are
reimbursable under Medicare and Medicaid. These cases,  State of Wisconsin , filed in June 2004 in the Circuit Court of Dane County, Wisconsin, and    State of Illinois , filed in February 2005 in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, were brought by state Attorneys General and generally seek
monetary damages and/or injunctive relief and attorney's fees. This litigation is no longer material to AbbVie and AbbVie will no longer report on such cases. All other previously-reported cases that
were pending against AbbVie in state courts have been settled.  

 Lawsuits
have been filed against AbbVie and others generally alleging that the 2005 patent litigation settlement involving Niaspan® entered into between Kos Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a
company acquired by Abbott Laboratories in 2006 and presently a subsidiary of AbbVie) and a generic company violates federal and state antitrust laws and state unfair and deceptive trade practices and
unjust enrichment laws. Plaintiffs generally seek monetary damages and/or injunctive relief and attorneys' fees. In September 2013, all of these pending putative class action lawsuits were centralized
for consolidated or coordinated pre-trial proceedings in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania under the Multi-District Litigation Rules as    In re Niaspan Antitrust Litigation , MDL No. 2460.  

 In
August 2013, a putative class action lawsuit,  Sidney Hillman Health Center of Rochester, et al. v. AbbVie Inc., et al. , was filed against
AbbVie in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois by three healthcare benefit providers alleging violations of federal RICO statutes and state deceptive business
practice and unjust enrichment laws in connection with reimbursements for certain uses of Depakote from 1998 to 2012. Plaintiffs seek monetary damages and/or equitable relief and attorneys' fees.  


 Several
pending lawsuits filed against Unimed Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Solvay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a company Abbott acquired in February 2010) and others were consolidated for pre-trial
purposes in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia under the Multi District Litigation Rules as  In re AndroGel Antitrust
Litigation , MDL No. 2084. These cases, brought by private plaintiffs and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), generally allege Solvay's 2006 patent litigation involving
AndroGel was sham litigation and the patent litigation settlement agreement and related agreements with three generic companies violate federal and state antitrust laws and state consumer protection
and unjust enrichment laws. Plaintiffs generally seek monetary damages and/or injunctive relief and attorneys' fees. MDL 2084 includes: (a) three individual plaintiff lawsuits; (b) seven
purported class actions; and (c)  Federal Trade Commission v. Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc. et al ., filed in May 2009 in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. In February 2010, Solvay's motion to dismiss the cases was partially granted and all of the FTC's claims and all of the plaintiffs' claims except
those alleging sham litigation were dismissed. The FTC appealed and in May 2012 the district court's decision was affirmed by the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. In June 2013,
the United States Supreme Court reversed the Eleventh Circuit's decision affirming dismissal of the FTC's claims and remanded the case brought by the FTC, ruling that the patent  

 95 

 
 
 
   

 litigation
settlement agreement with three generic companies should be examined under a "rule of reason" analysis. In September 2012, the district court dismissed the remaining sham litigation claims
and the plaintiffs' appeal of that dismissal is pending in the Eleventh Circuit.  

 AbbVie
is seeking to enforce its patent rights relating to testosterone gel (a drug AbbVie sells under the trademark AndroGel® 1.62%). In a case filed in the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware in February 2013, AbbVie alleges that Perrigo Company's and Perrigo Israel Pharmaceutical Ltd.'s proposed generic product infringes an AbbVie patent and seeks declaratory
and injunctive relief. In a second case filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware in March 2013, AbbVie alleges that Watson Laboratories Inc.'s and
Actavis Inc.'s proposed generic product infringes AbbVie's patent and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief.  

 AbbVie
is seeking to enforce its patent rights relating to ritonavir/lopinavir tablets (a drug AbbVie sells under the trademark Kaletra®). In a case filed in the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois in March 2009, AbbVie alleges that Matrix Laboratories, Inc.'s, Matrix Laboratories, Ltd.'s, and Mylan, Inc.'s proposed generic products
infringe AbbVie's patents and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief. Upon Matrix's motion in November 2009, the court granted a five-year stay of the litigation unless good cause to lift the stay is
shown.  

 AbbVie
is seeking to enforce its patent rights relating to ritonavir tablets (a drug AbbVie sells under the trademark Norvir®). In a case pending in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of Ohio since April 2012, AbbVie alleges that Roxane Laboratories, Inc.'s (Roxane) proposed generic product infringes AbbVie's patents and seeks declaratory and injunctive
relief. In another case filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio in July 2013, AbbVie alleges that Roxane's proposed generic ritonavir product infringes additional
AbbVie patents and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief on these additional patents. In a separate case filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware in May 2013, AbbVie
alleges that Hetero USA Inc.'s and Hetero Labs Limited's proposed generic ritonavir tablets product infringes AbbVie's patents and seeks declaratory and injunctive relief.  

 AbbVie
is seeking to enforce certain patent rights that cover the use of fully human anti-TNF alpha antibodies with methotrexate to treat rheumatoid arthritis. In a case filed in the United States
District Court for the District of Massachusetts in May 2009, AbbVie alleges Centocor Ortho Biotech, Inc.'s (now Janssen Biotech, Inc.'s) product Simponi® infringes AbbVie's
patents and seeks damages and injunctive relief.  

 AbbVie
previously reported that it was seeking to enforce its patent rights relating to fenofibric acid capsules (a drug AbbVie sells in the U.S. under the trademark TRILIPIX®). In a case
filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey in March 2011, AbbVie and its
subsidiary Fournier Laboratories Ireland Ltd. alleged that Sandoz Inc. 's proposed generic product infringes AbbVie's patent and seek injunctive relief. In January 2014, the parties
settled this case and it was dismissed without prejudice.  

 96 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 Note 14  Segment and Geographic Area Information 

 
 


  

 AbbVie operates in one business segment—pharmaceutical products. Substantially all of AbbVie's U.S. sales are to three wholesalers. Outside the
United States, products are sold primarily to health care providers or through distributors, depending on the market served. Worldwide net sales of key products were as follows.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   HUMIRA 
   
 $ 
 10,659 
   
 $ 
 9,265 
   
 $ 
 7,932 
   
 
 
   AndroGel 
   
   
 1,035 
   
   
 1,152 
   
   
 874 
   
 
 
   Kaletra 
   
   
 962 
   
   
 1,013 
   
   
 1,170 
   
 
 
   Synagis 
   
   
 827 
   
   
 825 
   
   
 775 
   
 
 
   Lupron 
   
   
 785 
   
   
 800 
   
   
 810 
   
 
 
   Synthroid 
   
   
 622 
   
   
 551 
   
   
 522 
   
 
 
   Sevoflurane 
   
   
 568 
   
   
 602 
   
   
 665 
   
 
 
   Creon 
   
   
 412 
   
   
 353 
   
   
 332 
   
 
 
   Duodopa 
   
   
 178 
   
   
 149 
   
   
 125 
   
 
 
   Dyslipidemia products 
   
   
 1,076 
   
   
 2,145 
   
   
 2,504 
   
 
 
   All other 
   
   
 1,666 
   
   
 1,525 
   
   
 1,735 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 18,790 
   
 $ 
 18,380 
   
 $ 
 17,444 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Net
sales to external customers, based on the country that sold the product, were as follows.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 2011 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   United States 
   
 $ 
 10,181 
   
 $ 
 10,435 
   
 $ 
 9,712 
   
 
 
   Germany 
   
   
 911 
   
   
 756 
   
   
 701 
   
 
 
   The Netherlands 
   
   
 858 
   
   
 776 
   
   
 904 
   
 
 
   Japan 
   
   
 625 
   
   
 718 
   
   
 616 
   
 
 
   United Kingdom 
   
   
 606 
   
   
 552 
   
   
 496 
   
 
 
   Spain 
   
   
 543 
   
   
 525 
   
   
 569 
   
 
 
   France 
   
   
 540 
   
   
 500 
   
   
 516 
   
 
 
   Canada 
   
   
 538 
   
   
 500 
   
   
 446 
   
 
 
   Brazil 
   
   
 439 
   
   
 434 
   
   
 382 
   
 
 
   Italy 
   
   
 404 
   
   
 408 
   
   
 428 
   
 
 
   All other countries 
   
   
 3,145 
   
   
 2,776 
   
   
 2,674 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 18,790 
   
 $ 
 18,380 
   
 $ 
 17,444 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
  Long-lived
assets include net property and equipment of $2.3 billion and $2.2 billion as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, of which $1.6 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively, was located in the
United States and Puerto Rico and $591 million and $536 million, respectively, was located in Europe.  

 97 

 
 
 
   

 Note 15  Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 

 
 


  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (in millions except per share data) 
   
 2013 
   
 2012 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   First Quarter 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 4,329 
   
 $ 
 4,173 
   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 3,176 
   
   
 3,017 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 968 
   
   
 883 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.61 
   
   
 0.56 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.60 
   
   
 0.56 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share(a) 
   
   
 0.80 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Second Quarter 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 4,692 
   
 $ 
 4,493 
   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 3,638 
   
   
 3,420 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 1,068 
   
   
 1,267 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.67 
   
   
 0.80 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.66 
   
   
 0.80 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
   
   
 0.40 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Third Quarter 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 4,658 
   
 $ 
 4,508 
   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 3,566 
   
   
 3,494 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 964 
   
   
 1,585 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.60 
   
   
 1.01 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.60 
   
   
 1.01 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
   
   
 0.40 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Fourth Quarter 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net sales 
   
 $ 
 5,111 
   
 $ 
 5,206 
   
 
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 3,829 
   
   
 3,941 
   
 
 
   Net earnings 
   
   
 1,128 
   
   
 1,540 
   
 
 
   Basic earnings per share 
   
   
 0.70 
   
   
 0.98 
   
 
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
   
   
 0.70 
   
   
 0.98 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
   
   
 0.40 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 



  
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (a) On
January 4, 2013, the board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.40 per share of common stock. This dividend was declared from
pre-separation earnings and was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. In addition, AbbVie declared regular quarterly cash dividends in 2013 aggregating $1.60 per share of common
stock. Refer to Note 11 for information regarding cash dividends declared in 2013.   
  
  For
periods prior to the separation, the weighted-average basic and diluted shares outstanding was based on the number of shares of AbbVie common stock outstanding on the distribution date. Refer to
Note 4 for information regarding the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for the year ended December 31, 2013.  

 98 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of AbbVie Inc.  

         We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of AbbVie Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2013, and the related consolidated statements of earnings,
comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.  

         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  


         In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of AbbVie Inc. and subsidiaries at
December 31, 2013, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), AbbVie Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (1992 framework) and our report dated February 21, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

 /s/
Ernst & Young LLP  

 Chicago,
Illinois 
February 21, 2014  

 99 

 
 
 
   
   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

 To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of AbbVie Inc.:  

         We
have audited the accompanying combined balance sheet of AbbVie Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2012 and the related combined statements of
earnings, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2012. These combined financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  


         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the combined financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         In
our opinion, such combined financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2012 and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2012 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

         As
described in Note 1, the accompanying combined financial statements have been derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Abbott Laboratories.
The combined financial statements also include expense allocations for certain corporate functions historically provided by Abbott Laboratories. These allocations may not be reflective of the actual
expense which would have been incurred had the Company operated as a separate entity apart from Abbott Laboratories.  

 /s/
Deloitte & Touche LLP  

 Chicago,
Illinois 
March 15, 2013  

 100 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

   
       ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE          

         None.   

   
       ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          


  Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

         Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.     The Chief Executive Officer, Richard A. Gonzalez, and
the Chief Financial Officer, William J. Chase, evaluated the effectiveness of AbbVie's disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, and concluded that
AbbVie's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information AbbVie is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms, and to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by AbbVie in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to AbbVie's management, including its principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

  Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

          Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting.     Management's report on internal control over financial
reporting is included
on page 102 hereof. The report of AbbVie's independent registered public accounting firm related to its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting is included
on page 103 hereof.  

          Changes in internal control over financial reporting.     During the quarter ended December 31, 2013, there were no changes in
AbbVie's internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, AbbVie's internal control
over financial reporting.  

         Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls.     AbbVie's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and its Chief
Financial Officer, do not
expect that AbbVie's disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can
provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in
decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more
people, or by management override of the controls.  

         The
design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures.   

   
       ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION          


         None.  

 101 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting          

         Management of AbbVie is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. AbbVie's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. However, all internal control
systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and reporting.  

         Management
assessed the effectiveness of AbbVie's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  (1992 framework). Based on
that assessment, management concluded that AbbVie maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the COSO criteria.  

         The
effectiveness of AbbVie's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report appearing on page 103 hereof, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of AbbVie's internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013.  

 102 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
   
   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM          

 The
Board of Directors and Shareholders of AbbVie Inc.  

         We
have audited AbbVie Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (the COSO criteria). AbbVie Inc. and subsidiaries'
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the
accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our
audit.  

         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

         In
our opinion, AbbVie Inc. and subsidiaries' maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on
the COSO criteria.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2013,
and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 of AbbVie Inc. and subsidiaries and our report dated
February 21, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

 /s/
Ernst & Young LLP  

 Chicago,
Illinois 
February 21, 2014  

 103 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
   
   PART III          

   
       ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE          


         Incorporated herein by reference are "Information Concerning Director Nominees," "The Board of Directors and its
Committees—Committees of the Board of Directors," "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance," and "Procedure for Recommendation and Nomination of Directors and
Transaction of Business at Annual Meeting" to be included in the 2014 AbbVie Inc. Proxy Statement. The 2014 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about March 24, 2014. Also incorporated
herein by reference is the text found under the caption, "Executive Officers of the Registrant" on pages 29 and 30 hereof.  

         AbbVie's
code of business conduct requires all its business activities to be conducted in compliance with laws, regulations, and ethical principles and values. All directors, officers,
and employees of AbbVie are required to read, understand, and abide by the requirements of the code of business conduct applicable to them. AbbVie's code of business conduct is available in the
corporate governance section of AbbVie's investor relations website at www.abbvieinvestor.com.  

         Any
waiver of the code of business conduct for directors or executive officers may be made only by AbbVie's audit committee. AbbVie will disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a
provision of the code of conduct for the principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, on its website
within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. In addition, AbbVie will disclose any waiver from the code of business conduct for the other executive officers and for
directors on the website.  

         AbbVie
has a chief ethics and compliance officer who reports to the chief executive officer and to the public policy committee. The chief ethics and compliance officer is responsible for
overseeing, administering, and monitoring AbbVie's compliance program.   

   
       ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION          

         The material to be included in the 2014 Proxy Statement under the headings "Director Compensation," "Executive Compensation," and
"Compensation Committee Report" is incorporated herein by reference. The 2014 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about March 24, 2014.  

 104 

 
 
 
   
 

   
       ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS          

 
 (a) Equity Compensation Plan Information .  

         The
following table presents information as of December 31, 2013 about AbbVie's equity compensation plans under which AbbVie common stock has been authorized for issuance.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Plan Category 
   
 (a) 
Number of 
securities to be 
issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding 
options, 
warrants and 
rights(1) 
   
 (b) 
Weighted- 
average exercise 
price of 
outstanding 
options, 
warrants and 
rights(2) 
   
 (c) 
Number of 
securities 
remaining 
available for 
future issuance 
under equity 
compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities 
reflected in 
column (a)) 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
   
   
 48,862,326 
   
 $ 
 27.48 
   
   
 99,307,279 
   
 
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 48,862,326 
   
 $ 
 27.48 
   
   
 99,307,279 
   
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Includes
40,024,559 shares issuable under AbbVie's Incentive Stock Program pursuant to awards granted by Abbott and adjusted into AbbVie awards in
connection with AbbVie's separation from Abbott.
 (2) The
weighted-average exercise price does not include outstanding restricted stock units that have no exercise price.   
  
  
 (b) Information Concerning Security Ownership .    Incorporated herein by reference is the material
under the heading "Securities Ownership—Securities Ownership of Executive Officers and Directors" in the 2014 Proxy Statement. The 2014 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about
March 24, 2014.   

   
       ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE          


         The material to be included in the 2014 Proxy Statement under the headings "The Board of Directors and its Committees," "Corporate
Governance Materials," and "Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions" is incorporated herein by reference. The 2014 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about March 24, 2014.  

   
       ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES          

         The material to be included in the 2014 Proxy Statement under the headings "Audit Information—Audit Fees and Non-Audit
Fees" and "Audit Information—Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" is incorporated herein
by reference. The 2014 Proxy Statement will be filed on or about March 24, 2014.  

 105 

 
 
 
   
   
   
   PART IV          

   
       ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES          

 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 
 (1) Financial Statements:     See Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," on
page 56 hereof, for a list of financial statements.
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules:     All schedules omitted are inapplicable or the information
required is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
 (3) Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:     The information called for by
this paragraph is incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibit Index on pages 108 through 110 of this Form 10-K.
 
 (b) Exhibits filed (see Exhibit Index on pages 108 through 110). 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules:     None applicable.  
 106 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
   
   SIGNATURES          

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, AbbVie Inc. has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 AbbVie Inc. 
 
 
 
  
   
  By: 
   
 /s/ RICHARD A. GONZALEZ 


 

 
  
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Name: 
   
  Richard A. Gonzalez 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Title: 
   
  Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
  
   
 Date: February 21, 2014 
 
 
 
  
          Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of AbbVie Inc. on February 21,
2014 in the capacities indicated below.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 /s/ RICHARD A. GONZALEZ 


 

    Richard A. Gonzalez 
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
   
 /s/ WILLIAM J. CHASE 



 

    William J. Chase 
Executive Vice President, 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
  /s/ THOMAS A. HURWICH 


 

    Thomas A. Hurwich 
Vice President, Controller 
(Principal Accounting Officer) 
   
   
 
 
  /s/ ROBERT J. ALPERN, M.D. 


 

    Robert J. Alpern, M.D. 
Director of AbbVie Inc. 
   
 /s/ ROXANNE S. AUSTIN 


 

    Roxanne S. Austin 
Director of AbbVie Inc. 
 
 
  /s/ WILLIAM H.L. BURNSIDE 


 

    William H.L. Burnside 
Director of AbbVie Inc. 
   
 /s/ EDWARD M. LIDDY 


 

    Edward M. Liddy 
Director of AbbVie Inc. 
 
 
  /s/ EDWARD J. RAPP 


 

    Edward J. Rapp 
Director of AbbVie Inc. 
   
 /s/ ROY S. ROBERTS 


 

    Roy S. Roberts 
Director of AbbVie Inc. 
 
 
  /s/ GLENN F. TILTON 


 

    Glenn F. Tilton 
Director of AbbVie Inc. 
   
 /s/ FREDERICK H. WADDELL 


 

    Frederick H. Waddell 
Director of AbbVie Inc. 
 
 
 
  
  107 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 
   
   
   EXHIBIT INDEX   ABBVIE INC.   ANNUAL REPORT   FORM 10-K   2013          


         Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 are furnished herewith and should not be deemed to be "filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934."  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number  
   
 Exhibit Description  
 
 
   
 2.1 
   
 *Separation and Distribution Agreement dated as of November 28, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Amendment No. 6 to the Company's
Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on November 30, 2012). 
 
 
   
 3.1 
   
 *Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 3.2 
   
 *Amended and Restated By-Laws of AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 4.1 
   
 *Indenture dated as of November 8, 2012 between AbbVie Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Amendment No. 5 to the Company's Registration Statement
on Form 10 filed on November 16, 2012). 
 
 
   
 4.2 
   
 *Supplemental Indenture No. 1 dated as of November 8, 2012 among AbbVie Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Amendment No. 5 to the Company's
Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on November 16, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.1 
   
 *U.S. Transition Services Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.2 
   
 *Ex-U.S. Transition Services Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.3 
   
 *Tax Sharing Agreement entered into as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.4 
   
 *Special Products Master Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.5 
   
 *Employee Matters Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.6 
   
 *International Commercial Operations Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company's Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.7 
   
 First Amendment to International Commercial Operations Agreement effective as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. 
 
 
 
  
  108 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number  
   
 Exhibit Description  
 
 
   
 10.8 
   
 *Luxembourg International Commercial Operations Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Investments Luxembourg S.àr.l. and AbbVie Investments S.àr.l. (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.7 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.9 
   
 First Amendment to Luxembourg International Commercial Operations Agreement effective as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Investments Luxembourg S.àr.l. and AbbVie Investments
S.àr.l. 
 
 
   
 10.10 
   
 *Information Technology Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.11 
   
 *Transitional Trademark License Agreement dated as of December 31, 2012 by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company's Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on January 2, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.12 
   
 *Form of Finished Goods Supply Agreements by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of Amendment No. 2 to the Company's Registration Statement on
Form 10 filed on September 4, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.13 
   
 *Form of Contract Manufacturing Agreements by and between Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Amendment No. 2 to the Company's Registration Statement on
Form 10 filed on September 4, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.14 
   
 *Form of Agreement Regarding Change in Control by and between AbbVie Inc. and its named executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Amendment No. 5 to the Company's Registration
Statement on Form 10 filed on November 16, 2012).** 
 
 
   
 10.15 
   
 *AbbVie 2013 Incentive Stock Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the AbbVie Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A dated March 15, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.16 
   
 *AbbVie 2013 Management Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.17 
   
 *AbbVie 2013 Performance Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.18 
   
 *AbbVie Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.19 
   
 *AbbVie Non-Employee Directors' Fee Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.20 
   
 *AbbVie Supplemental Pension Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.21 
   
 *AbbVie Supplemental Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.22 
   
 *Purchase Agreement dated November 5, 2012 between AbbVie Inc., Abbott Laboratories, as guarantor, and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Barclays Capital Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC,
 and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of Amendment No. 6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on November 30, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.23 
   
 *Form of AbbVie Inc. Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2013).** 
 
 
 
  
  109 

 
 
 
   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 
Number  
   
 Exhibit Description  
 
 
   
 10.24 
   
 *Form of AbbVie Inc. Non-Employee Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.25 
   
 *Form of AbbVie Inc. Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (CEO/Chairman) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.26 
   
 *Form of AbbVie Inc. Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (Annual) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.27 
   
 *Form of AbbVie Inc. Performance Restricted Stock Agreement (Interim) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.28 
   
 *Form of AbbVie Inc. Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31,
2013).** 
 
 
   
 10.29 
   
 *Form of AbbVie Inc. Non-Qualified Replacement Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
March 31, 2013).** 
 
 
   
 12 
   
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
 
 
   
 21 
   
 Subsidiaries of AbbVie Inc. 
 
 
   
 23.1 
   
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
   
 23.2 
   
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
   
 31.1 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)). 
 
 
   
 31.2 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Required by Rule 13a-14(a) (17 CFR 240.13a-14(a)). 
 
 
   
 32.1 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
   
 32.2 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
   
 101 
   
 The following financial statements and notes from the AbbVie Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 filed on February 21, 2014, formatted in XBRL: (i)
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets; and (iv) the notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 
   
 
  
   
 The AbbVie Inc. 2014 Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under separate cover on or about March 24, 2014. 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 * Incorporated
herein by reference. Commission file number 001-35565.
 ** Denotes
management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto.   
  
          AbbVie
will furnish copies of any of the above exhibits to a stockholder upon written request to the Secretary, AbbVie Inc., 1 North Waukegan Road, North Chicago, Illinois 60064.  

 110 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
