
 10-K
 1
 a2218605z10-k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use these links to rapidly review the document 
   Table of Contents   
   Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 

 


 




 




 




 





 




 




 


 

   


 
   

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549   

 

 
 


   

 

    

 FORM 10-K   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 (Mark One) 
   
   
 
 
 ý 
   
  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 
 
 
  OR 
 
 
 o 
   
  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 
  For the transition period from            to            . 
 
 
 
 
  
   Commission File Number: 001-32269   

 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC.    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Maryland 
(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
   
  20-1076777   (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 
 

 2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 400 
Salt Lake City, Utah 84121 
(Address of principal executive offices and zip code)  

 Registrant's
telephone number, including area code:  (801) 365-4600 

           Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Title of Each Class 
   
 Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 
 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 
 
 
 


           Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 

           Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. Yes  ý     No  o   


           Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. Yes  o     No  ý   

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days. Yes  ý     No  o   


           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to
be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  ý     No  o   

           Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment of this
Form 10-K.  ý   

           Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the
definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Large accelerated filer  ý 
   
 Accelerated filer  o 
   
 Non-accelerated filer  o   (Do not check if a 
smaller reporting company) 
   
 Smaller reporting company  o 
 
 
 
  
            Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act). Yes  o     No  ý .  

           The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $4,421,398,748 based upon the closing price on the New York Stock
Exchange on June 28, 2013, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. This calculation does not reflect a determination that persons whose shares
are excluded from the computation are affiliates for any other purpose.  

            The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's common stock, $0.01 par value per share, as of February 21, 2014 was
115,802,553. 

 Documents Incorporated by Reference 


           Portions
of the registrant's definitive proxy statement to be issued in connection with the registrant's annual stockholders' meeting to be held in 2014 are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      
 
   
 

 
   

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   

   
   EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC.          

       Table of Contents          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
    PART I 
 
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 1. 
   
   Business 
   
   
 3 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 1A. 
   
   Risk Factors 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   
   
 20 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 2. 
   
   Properties 
   
   
 20 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
   
   
 24 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   
   
 24 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    PART II 
 
   
   
 25 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 5. 
   
   Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   
   
 25 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
   
   
 27 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 7. 
   
   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   
   
 29 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   
   
 48 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   
   
 50 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   
   
 123 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
   
   
 123 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 9B. 
   
   Other Information 
   
   
 125 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    PART III 
 
   
   
 125 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   
   
 125 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 11. 
   
   Executive Compensation 
   
   
 126 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   
   
 126 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   
   
 126 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 14. 
   
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   
   
 126 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    PART IV 
 
   
   
 127 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Item 15. 
   
   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
   
   
 127 
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
    SIGNATURES 
 
   
   
 131 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  1 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

  Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information   

          Certain information set forth in this report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the
federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future revenues or performance, capital expenditures,
financing needs, plans or intentions relating to acquisitions and other information that is not historical information. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such
as "believes," "expects," "estimates," "may," "will," "should," "anticipates," or "intends" or the negative of such terms or other comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy. We may also
make additional forward-looking statements from time to time. All such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, by us or on our behalf, are also expressly qualified by these
cautionary statements. 

          All forward-looking statements, including without limitation, management's examination of historical operating trends and estimates of future earnings, are based
upon our current expectations and various assumptions. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them, but there can be no
assurance that management's expectations, beliefs and projections will result or be achieved. All forward-looking statements apply only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

          There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in or
contemplated by this report. Any forward-looking statements should be considered in light of the risks referenced in "Part I. Item 1A. Risk Factors" below. Such factors include, but are
not limited to: 

 
 
 • adverse changes in general economic conditions, the real estate industry and in the markets in
which we operate; 
 • failure to close pending acquisitions on expected terms, or at
all; 
 • the effect of competition from new and existing self-storage facilities or other storage
alternatives, which could cause rents and occupancy rates to decline; 
 • difficulties in our ability to evaluate, finance, complete and integrate acquisitions and
developments successfully and to lease up those properties, which could adversely affect our profitability; 
 • potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental
contamination; 
 • the impact of the regulatory environment as well as national, state, and local laws and
regulations including, without limitation, those governing Real Estate Investment Trusts ("REITs"), tenant reinsurance and other aspects of our business, which could adversely affect our
results; 
 • disruptions in credit and financial markets and resulting difficulties in raising capital or
obtaining credit at reasonable rates or at all, which could impede our ability to grow; 
 • increased interest rates and operating costs; 
 • reductions in asset valuations and related impairment
charges; 
 • the failure of our joint venture partners to fulfill their obligations to us or their pursuit of
actions that are inconsistent with our objectives; 
 • the failure to maintain our REIT status for federal income tax
purposes; 
 • economic uncertainty due to the impact of war or terrorism, which could adversely affect our
business plan; and 
 • difficulties in our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and management
members. 
 
 2 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          The forward-looking statements are based on our beliefs, assumptions and expectations of our future performance, taking into account all information currently
available to us. These beliefs, assumptions and expectations are subject to risks and uncertainties and can change as a result of many possible events or factors, not all of which are known to us. If
a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements. You should carefully consider these
risks before you make an investment decision with respect to our securities. 

          We disclaim any duty or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect new
information, future events or otherwise. 

   
   
   PART I          

   
       Item 1.    Business          

  General   

         Extra Space Storage Inc. ("we," "our," "us" or the "Company") is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real
estate investment trust ("REIT") formed as a Maryland corporation on April 30, 2004, to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed self-storage facilities. We
closed our initial public offering ("IPO") on August 17, 2004. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "EXR."  

         We
were formed to continue the business of Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries, which had engaged in the self-storage business since 1977. These companies were
reorganized after the consummation of our IPO and various formation transactions. As of December 31, 2013, we held ownership interests in 779 operating properties. Of these operating
properties, 506 are wholly-owned, and 273 are owned in joint venture partnerships. An additional 250 operating properties are owned by third parties and operated by us in exchange for a management
fee, bringing the total number of operating properties which we own and/or manage to 1,029. These operating properties are located in 35 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico and contain
approximately 75.7 million square feet of net rentable space in approximately 680,000 units and currently serve a customer base of approximately 600,000 tenants.  

         We
operate in three distinct segments: (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and (3) property management, acquisition and development. Our rental operations
activities include rental operations of
self-storage facilities in which we have an ownership interest. Tenant reinsurance activities include the reinsurance of risks relating to the loss of goods stored by tenants in the Company's
self-storage facilities. Our property management, acquisition and development activities include managing, acquiring, developing and selling self-storage facilities.  

         Substantially
all of our business is conducted through Extra Space Storage LP (the "Operating Partnership"). Our primary assets are general partner and limited partner interests
in the Operating Partnership. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"). To the extent we continue to qualify as a REIT we will not be subject to tax, with certain exceptions, on our net taxable income that is distributed to our
stockholders.  

         We
file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). You may obtain copies of these documents by visiting the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 or by accessing the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. In addition, as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are furnished to the SEC, we make copies of these documents
available to the public free of charge through our website at www.extraspace.com, or by contacting our Secretary at our principal offices,  

 3 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 which
are located at 2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 400, Salt Lake City, Utah 84121, telephone number (801) 365-4600.  

  Management   

         Members of our executive management team have significant experience in all aspects of the self-storage industry, having acquired
and/or developed a significant number of properties since before our IPO. Our executive management team and their years of industry experience are as follows: Spencer F. Kirk, Chief Executive Officer,
16 years; Scott Stubbs, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 13 years; Karl Haas, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, 26 years; Charles L.
Allen, Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, 16 years; and Kenneth M. Woolley, Executive Chairman, 33 years. Mr. Haas retired on December 31, 2013, at
which time Samrat Sondhi, who has 10 years of industry experience, was appointed Senior Vice President Operations.  


         Our
executive management team and board of directors have a significant ownership position in the Company with executive officers and directors owning approximately 5,734,817 shares or
5.0% of our outstanding common stock as of February 14, 2014.  

  Industry & Competition   

         Self-storage facilities refers to properties that offer month-to-month storage space rental for personal or business use. Self-storage
offers a cost-effective and flexible storage alternative. Tenants rent fully enclosed spaces that can vary in size according to their specific needs and to which they have unlimited, exclusive access.
Tenants have responsibility for moving their items into and out of their units. Self-storage unit sizes typically range from 5 feet by 5 feet to 20 feet by 20 feet, with an interior height of 8 feet
to 12 feet. Properties generally have on-site managers who supervise and run the day-to-day operations, providing tenants with assistance as needed.  

         Self-storage
provides a convenient way for individuals and businesses to store their possessions due to life changes, or simply because of a need for storage space. The mix of
residential tenants using a self-storage property is determined by a property's local demographics and often includes people who are looking to downsize their living space or others who are not yet
settled into a permanent residence. Items that residential tenants place in self-storage properties range from cars, boats and recreational vehicles, to furniture, household items and appliances.
Commercial tenants tend to include small business owners who require easy and frequent access to their goods, records, inventory or storage for seasonal goods.  

         Our
research has shown that tenants choose a self-storage property based primarily on the convenience of the site to their home or business, making high-density, high-traffic population
centers ideal locations for self-storage properties. A property's perceived security and the general professionalism of the site managers and staff are also contributing factors to a site's ability to
successfully secure rentals. Although most self-storage properties are leased to tenants on a month-to-month basis, tenants tend to continue their leases for extended periods of time.  


         The
self-storage business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A greater portion of revenues and profits are realized from May through September. Historically, our highest level of
occupancy has been at the end of July, while our lowest level of occupancy has been in late February and early March.  

         Since
inception in the early 1970's, the self-storage industry has experienced significant growth. According to the Self-Storage Almanac (the "Almanac"), in 2003 there were only 37,011
self-storage properties in the United States, with an average physical occupancy rate of 86.1% of net rentable square feet, compared to 48,151 self-storage properties in 2013 with an average physical
occupancy rate of 87.8% of net rentable square feet.  

 4 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
have encountered competition when we have sought to acquire properties, especially for brokered portfolios. Aggressive bidding practices have been commonplace between both public and
private entities, and this competition will likely continue.  

         The
industry is also characterized by fragmented ownership. According to the Almanac, the top ten self-storage companies in the United States owned approximately 12.2% of total U.S.
self-storage properties, and the top 50 self-storage companies owned approximately 15.9% of the total U.S. properties as of December 31, 2013. We believe this fragmentation will contribute to
continued consolidation at some level in the future. We also believe that we are well positioned to compete for acquisitions given our historical reputation for closing deals.  


         We
are the second largest self-storage operator in the United States. We are one of four public self-storage REITs along with Public Storage Inc., CubeSmart and Sovran
Self-Storage, Inc.  

  Long-Term Growth and Investment Strategies   

         Our primary business objectives are to maximize cash flow available for distribution to our stockholders and to achieve sustainable
long-term growth in cash flow per share in order to maximize long-term stockholder value. We continue to evaluate a range of growth initiatives and opportunities, including the
following: 

 
 
 • Maximize the performance of properties through strategic, efficient and proactive
management.     We pursue revenue-generating and expense-minimizing opportunities in our operations. Our revenue management team seeks to maximize revenue by
responding to changing market conditions through our technology system's ability to provide real-time, interactive rental rate and discount management. Our size allows us greater ability than the
majority of our competitors to implement more effective online marketing programs, which we believe will attract more customers to our stores at a lower net cost.    
 • Acquire self-storage properties.     Our acquisitions team
continues to pursue the acquisition of multi-property portfolios and single properties that we believe can provide stockholder value. We have established a reputation as a reliable, ethical buyer,
which we believe enhances our ability to negotiate and close acquisitions. In addition, we believe our status as an UPREIT enables flexibility when structuring deals. We continue to bid on available
acquisitions and are seeing increasing prices. However, we remain a disciplined buyer and look for acquisitions that will strengthen our portfolio and increase stockholder value.    
 • Expand our management business.     Our management business
enables us to generate increased revenues through management fees and expand our geographic footprint. We believe this expanded footprint enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of
scale. In addition, we see our management business as a future acquisition pipeline. We pursue strategic relationships with owners whose properties would enhance our portfolio in the event an
opportunity arises to acquire such properties.  
 
 5 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Financing of Our Long-Term Growth Strategies   

  Acquisition and Development Financing   


         The following table presents information on our lines of credit (the "Credit Lines") for the periods indicated (amounts in thousands).
All of our Credit Lines are guaranteed by us and secured by mortgages on certain real estate assets.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Line of Credit

 

  
   
 Amount 
Drawn  
   
 Capacity  
   
 Interest 
Rate  
   
 Origination 
Date  
   
 Maturity  
   
 Basis Rate  
   
 Notes  
 
 
   Credit Line 1 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 75,000 
   
   
 2.07 
 % 
   
 2/13/2009 
   
   
 5/13/2014 
   
   
 LIBOR plus 1.90 
 % 
 (1) 
 
 
   Credit Line 2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 85,000 
   
   
 2.07 
 % 
   
 6/4/2010 
   
   
 6/3/2016 
   
   
 LIBOR plus 1.90 
 % 
 (2) 
 
 
   Credit Line 3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 40,000 
   
   
 2.37 
 % 
   
 11/16/2010 
   
   
 2/13/2017 
   
   
 LIBOR plus 2.20 
 % 
 (3)(4) 
 
 
   Credit Line 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 80,000 
   
   
 1.87 
 % 
   
 4/29/2011 
   
   
 11/18/2016 
   
   
 LIBOR plus 1.70 
 % 
 (4) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 280,000 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) One
year extension available
 (2) One
two-year extension available
 (3) Amended
February 13, 2014 to extend the maturity date to February 13, 2017, increase the capacity to $50,000 and lower the interest rate to
Libor plus 1.75%.
 (4) Two
one-year extensions available   
  
  We
expect to maintain a flexible approach in financing new property acquisitions. We plan to finance future acquisitions through a combination of cash, borrowings under the Credit Lines, traditional
secured mortgage financing, joint ventures and additional equity offerings.  


  Joint Venture Financing   

         We own 273 of our stabilized properties through joint ventures with third parties, including affiliates of Prudential
Financial, Inc. In each joint venture, we generally manage the day-to-day operations of the underlying properties and have the right to participate in major decisions relating to sales of
properties or financings by the applicable joint venture. Our joint venture partners typically provide most of the equity capital required for the operation of the respective business. Under the
operating agreements for the joint ventures, we maintain the right to receive between 2.0% and 99.0% of the available cash flow from operations after our joint venture partners and the Company have
received a predetermined return, and between 17.0% and 99.0% of the available cash flow from capital transactions after our joint venture partners and the Company have received a return of their
capital plus such predetermined return. Most joint venture agreements include buy-sell rights, as well as rights of first refusal in connection with the sale of properties by the joint venture.  

  Disposition of Properties   

         We will continue to review our portfolio for properties or groups of properties that are not strategically located and determine
whether to dispose of these properties to fund other growth.  

  Regulation   

         Generally, self-storage properties are subject to various laws, ordinances and regulations, including regulations relating to lien sale
rights and procedures. Changes in any of these laws or regulations, as well as changes in laws, such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response and Compensation Liability Act, which increase the
potential liability for environmental conditions or circumstances  

 6 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 existing
or created by tenants or others on properties, or laws affecting development, construction, operation, upkeep, safety and taxation may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, loss
of self-storage sites or other impairments to operations, which would adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

         Under
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (the "ADA"), places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled
persons. These requirements became effective in 1992. A number of additional U.S. federal, state and local laws also exist that may require modifications to the properties, or restrict further
renovations thereof, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants and also could
result in an order to correct any non-complying feature, thereby requiring substantial capital expenditures. To the extent our properties are not in compliance, we are likely to incur additional costs
to comply with the ADA.  

         Insurance
activities are subject to state insurance laws and regulations as determined by the particular insurance commissioner for each state in accordance with the McCarran-Ferguson
Act, and are subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the privacy regulations promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission pursuant thereto.  


         Property
management activities are often subject to state real estate brokerage laws and regulations as determined by the particular real estate commission for each state.  

         Changes
in any of the laws governing our conduct could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct our business or could materially affect our financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.  

  Employees   


         As of February 14, 2014, we had 2,584 employees and believe our relationship with our employees is good. Our employees are not
represented by a collective bargaining agreement.   

   
       Item 1A.    Risk Factors          

         An investment in our securities involves various risks. All investors should carefully consider the following risk factors in
conjunction with the other information contained in this Annual Report before trading in our securities. If any of the events set forth in the following risks actually occur, our business, operating
results, prospects and financial condition could be harmed.  

         Our
performance is subject to risks associated with real estate investments. We are a real estate company that derives our income from operation of our properties. There are a number of
factors that may adversely affect the income that our properties generate, including the following:  

  Risks Related to Our Properties and Operations   

  Adverse economic or other conditions in the markets in which we do business could negatively affect our occupancy levels and rental rates and therefore our operating
results.   

         Our operating results are dependent upon our ability to maximize occupancy levels and rental rates in our self-storage properties.
Adverse economic or other conditions in the markets in which we operate may lower our occupancy levels and limit our ability to increase rents or require us to offer rental discounts. If our
properties fail to generate revenues sufficient to meet our cash requirements, including operating and other expenses, debt service and capital expenditures, our net income, funds from operations
("FFO"), cash flow, financial condition, ability to make cash distributions to  

 7 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 stockholders
and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the operating performance of our
properties: 

 
 
 • the national economic climate and the local or regional economic climate in the markets in which we operate, which may be
adversely impacted by, among other factors, industry slowdowns, relocation of businesses and changing demographics;  
 • periods of economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates, or declining demand for self-storage or the public
perception that any of these events may occur could result in a general decline in rental rates or an increase in tenant defaults;  
 • a decline of the current economic environment;  
 • local or regional real estate market conditions, such as competing properties, the oversupply of self-storage or a
reduction in demand for self-storage in a particular area;  
 • perceptions by prospective users of our self-storage properties of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our
properties and the neighborhoods in which they are located;  
 • increased operating costs, including the need for capital improvements, insurance premiums, real estate taxes and
utilities;  
 • the impact of environmental protection laws;  
 • changes in tax, real estate and zoning laws; and  
 • earthquakes, hurricanes and other natural disasters, terrorist acts, civil disturbances or acts of war which may result in
uninsured or underinsured losses.  
 

  If we are unable to promptly re-let our units or if the rates upon such re-letting are significantly lower than expected, our business and results of operations would be
adversely affected.   

         Virtually all of our leases are on a month-to-month basis. Any delay in re-letting units as vacancies arise would reduce our revenues
and harm our operating results. In addition, lower than expected rental rates upon re-letting could adversely affect our revenues and impede our growth.  

  We depend upon our on-site personnel to maximize tenant satisfaction at each of our properties, and any difficulties we encounter in hiring, training and maintaining skilled
field personnel may harm our operating performance.   

         We had 2,241 field personnel as of February 14, 2014 in the management and operation of our properties. The general
professionalism of our site managers and staff are contributing factors to a site's ability to successfully secure rentals and retain tenants. We also rely upon our field personnel to maintain clean
and secure self-storage properties. If we are unable to successfully recruit, train and retain qualified field personnel, the quality of service we strive to provide at our properties could be
adversely affected which could lead to decreased occupancy levels and reduced operating performance.  

  Uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition and our cash flow.   

         We maintain comprehensive liability, fire, flood, earthquake, wind (as deemed necessary or as required by our lenders), extended
coverage and rental loss insurance with respect to our properties. Certain types of losses, however, may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, such as losses due to earthquakes,
hurricanes, tornadoes, riots, acts of war or terrorism. Should an uninsured loss occur, we could lose both our investment in and anticipated profits and cash flow from a property. In addition, if any
such loss is insured, we may be required to pay significant amounts on any claim for recovery of such a loss prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount  

 8 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 of
the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. As a result, our operating results may be adversely affected.  

  Increases in taxes and regulatory compliance costs may reduce our income.   

         Costs resulting from changes in real estate tax laws generally are not passed through to tenants directly and will affect us. Increases
in income, property or other taxes generally are not passed through to tenants under leases and may reduce our net income, FFO, cash flow, financial condition, ability to pay or refinance our debt
obligations, ability to make cash distributions to stockholders, and the trading price of our securities. Similarly, changes in laws increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions
existing on properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may result in significant unanticipated expenditures, which could similarly adversely affect our business and
results of operations.  

  Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with operating our properties may affect our results of operations.   

         Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, owners and operators of real estate may be liable for the
costs of investigating and remediating certain hazardous substances or other regulated materials on or in such property. Such laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the owner or
operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such substances or materials. The presence of such substances or materials, or the failure to properly remediate such substances, may
adversely affect the owner's or operator's ability to lease, sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral. Persons who arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous
substances or other regulated materials may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility, whether or not such facility is owned or operated
by such person. Certain environmental laws impose liability for release of asbestos-containing materials into the air and third parties may seek recovery from owners or operators of real properties
for personal injury associated with asbestos-containing materials.  

         Certain
environmental laws also impose liability, without regard to knowledge or fault, for removal or remediation of hazardous substances or other regulated materials upon owners and
operators of contaminated property even after they no longer own or operate the property. Moreover, the past or present owner or operator from which a release emanates could be liable for any personal
injuries or
property damages that may result from such releases, as well as any damages to natural resources that may arise from such releases.  

         Certain
environmental laws impose compliance obligations on owners and operators of real property with respect to the management of hazardous materials and other regulated substances.
For example, environmental laws govern the management of asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. Failure to comply with these laws can result in penalties or other sanctions.  

         No
assurances can be given that existing environmental studies with respect to any of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner or operator of our
properties did not create any material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any one or more of our properties. There also
exists the risk that material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after the review was completed or may arise in the future. Finally, future laws, ordinances
or regulations and future interpretations of existing laws, ordinances or regulations may impose additional material environmental liability.  

 9 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

  Costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 may result in unanticipated expenses.   

         Under the ADA, places of public accommodation are required to meet certain federal requirements related to access and use by disabled
persons. These requirements became effective in 1992. A number of additional U.S. federal, state and local laws may also require modifications to our properties, or restrict certain further
renovations of the properties, with respect to access thereto by disabled persons. Noncompliance with the ADA could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants and
also could result in an order to correct any non-complying feature, which could result in substantial capital expenditures. We have not conducted an audit or investigation of all of our properties to
determine our compliance and we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with the ADA or other legislation. If one or more of our properties is not in compliance with the ADA or other
legislation, then we would be required to incur additional costs to bring the facility into compliance. If we incur substantial costs to comply with the ADA or other legislation, our financial
condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our securities and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to make cash distributions to our stockholders could
be adversely affected.  

  Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to significant governmental regulation, which may adversely affect our results.   

         Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to significant governmental regulation. The regulatory authorities generally have broad
discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits and
investigations of the affairs of insurance providers. As a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our
reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined or penalized or suffer an adverse judgment, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.  

  We face competition for the acquisition of self-storage properties and other assets, which may impede our ability to make future acquisitions or may increase the cost of
these acquisitions.   

         We compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment activities for acquisitions of self-storage properties and other
assets, including national, regional and local operators and developers of self-storage properties. These competitors may drive up the price we pay for self-storage properties or other assets we seek
to acquire or may succeed in acquiring those properties or assets themselves. In addition, our potential acquisition targets may find our competitors to be more attractive suitors because they may
have greater resources, may be willing to pay more or may have a more compatible operating philosophy. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investment
properties may increase. This competition would result in increased demand for these assets and therefore increased prices paid for them. Because of an increased interest in single- property
acquisitions among tax-motivated individual purchasers, we may pay higher prices if we purchase single properties in comparison with portfolio acquisitions. If we pay higher prices for self-storage
properties or other assets, our profitability will be reduced.  

  We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions that meet our criteria, which may impede our growth.   

         Our ability to expand through acquisitions is integral to our business strategy and requires us to identify suitable acquisition
candidates or investment opportunities that meet our criteria and are compatible with our growth strategy. We may not be successful in identifying suitable properties or other assets that meet our
acquisition criteria or in consummating acquisitions or investments on  

 10 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 satisfactory
terms or at all. Failure to identify or consummate acquisitions will slow our growth, which could in turn adversely affect our stock price.  


         Our
ability to acquire properties on favorable terms and successfully integrate and operate them may be constrained by the following significant
risks: 

 
 
 • competition from local investors and other real estate investors with significant capital, including other publicly-traded
REITs and institutional investment funds;  
 • competition from other potential acquirers may significantly increase the purchase price which could reduce our
profitability;  
 • the inability to achieve satisfactory completion of due diligence investigations and other customary closing conditions;    
 • failure to finance an acquisition on favorable terms or at all;  
 • we may spend more than the time and amounts budgeted to make necessary improvements or renovations to acquired properties;
and  
 • we may acquire properties subject to liabilities without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, with respect to
unknown liabilities such as liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination, claims by persons dealing with the former owners of the properties and claims for indemnification by
general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties.  
 

         In
addition, strategic decisions by us, such as acquisitions, may adversely affect the price of our securities.  

  We may not be successful in integrating and operating acquired properties.   

         We expect to make future acquisitions of self-storage properties. If we acquire any self-storage properties, we will be required to
integrate them into our existing portfolio. The acquired properties may turn out to be less compatible with our growth strategy than originally anticipated, may cause disruptions in our operations or
may divert management's attention away from day-to-day operations, which could impair our operating results as a whole.  

  We do not always obtain independent appraisals of our properties, and thus the consideration paid for these properties may exceed the value that may be indicated by
third-party appraisals.   

         We do not always obtain third-party appraisals in connection with our acquisition of properties and the consideration being paid by us
in exchange for those properties may exceed the value determined by third-party appraisals. In such cases, the value of the properties was determined by our senior management team.  

  Our investments in development and redevelopment projects may not yield anticipated returns, which would harm our operating results and reduce the amount of funds available
for distributions.   

         To the extent that we engage in development and redevelopment activities, we will be subject to the following risks normally associated
with these projects: 

 
 
 • we may be unable to obtain financing for these projects on favorable terms or at all;    
 • we may not complete development or redevelopment projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts;    
 • we may encounter delays or refusals in obtaining all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy and other required
governmental permits and authorizations; and  
 
 11 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 
 • occupancy rates and rents at newly developed or redeveloped properties may fluctuate depending on a number of factors,
including market and economic conditions, and may result in our investment not being profitable.  
 

         In
deciding whether to develop or redevelop a particular property, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of that property. We may underestimate the costs
necessary to bring the property up to the standards established for its intended market position or may be unable to increase occupancy at a newly developed property as quickly as expected or at all.
Any substantial unanticipated delays or expenses could adversely affect the investment returns from these development or redevelopment projects and harm our operating results, liquidity and financial
condition, which could result in a decline in the value of our securities.  

         We
may rely on the investments of our joint venture partners for funding certain of our development and redevelopment projects. If our reputation in the self-storage industry changes or
the number of investors considering us an attractive strategic partner is otherwise reduced, our ability to develop or redevelop properties could be affected, which would limit our growth.  

  Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure   

  Our business could be harmed if key personnel with long-standing business relationships in the self-storage industry terminate their employment with us.   

         Our success depends on the continued services of members of our executive management team, who have substantial experience in the
self-storage industry. In addition, our ability to acquire or develop properties in the future depends on the significant relationships our executive management team has developed with our
institutional joint venture partners, such as affiliates of Prudential Financial, Inc. There is no guarantee that any of them will remain employed by us. We do not maintain key person life
insurance on any of our officers. The loss of services of one or more members of our executive management team could harm our business and our prospects.  

  We may change our investment and financing strategies and enter into new lines of business without stockholder consent, which may subject us to different risks.   


         We may change our investment and financing strategies and enter into new lines of business at any time without the consent of our
stockholders, which could result in our making investments and engaging in business activities that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the investments and businesses described in this
document. A change in our investment strategy or our entry into new lines of business may increase our exposure to other risks or real estate market fluctuations.  

  If other self-storage companies convert to an UPREIT structure or if tax laws change, we may no longer have an advantage in competing for potential acquisitions.   


         Because we are structured as an UPREIT, we are a more attractive acquirer of properties to tax-motivated sellers than our competitors
that are not structured as UPREITs. However, if other self-storage companies restructure their holdings to become UPREITs, this competitive advantage will disappear. In addition, new legislation may
be enacted or new interpretations of existing legislation may be issued by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"), or the U.S. Treasury Department that could affect the attractiveness of our UPREIT
structure so that it may no longer assist us in competing for acquisitions.  

  Tax indemnification obligations may require the Operating Partnership to maintain certain debt levels.   


         We have provided certain tax protections to various third parties in connection with their property contributions to the Operating
Partnership upon acquisition by the Company, including making  

 12 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 available
the opportunity to (1) guarantee debt or (2) enter into a special loss allocation and deficit restoration obligation. We have agreed to these provisions in order to assist
these contributors in preserving their tax position after their contributions. These obligations may require us to maintain certain indebtedness levels that we would not otherwise require for our
business.  

  Our joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority.   

         As of December 31, 2013, we held interests in 273 operating properties through joint ventures. Some of these arrangements could
be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on co-venturers financial conditions and disputes between us and our co-venturers. We expect to continue our joint
venture strategy by entering into more joint ventures for the purpose of developing new self-storage properties and acquiring existing properties. In such event, we would not be in a position to
exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. The decision-making authority regarding the properties we currently hold through joint
ventures is either vested exclusively with our joint venture partners, is subject to a majority vote of the joint venture partners or equally shared by us and the joint venture partners. In addition,
investments in partnerships, joint ventures or other entities may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or
co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Partners or co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent
with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on decisions, such
as a sale, because neither we nor the partner or co-venturer would have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or
arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business. Consequently, actions by or disputes with partners or
co-venturers might result in subjecting properties owned by the partnership or joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our
third-party partners or co-venturers, which could harm our financial condition.  

  Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of our relationship with our Operating Partnership.   

         Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, and our Operating
Partnership or any partner thereof. Our directors and officers have duties to our Company under applicable Maryland law in connection with their management of our Company. At the same time, we,
through our wholly-owned subsidiary, have fiduciary duties, as a general partner, to our Operating Partnership and to the limited partners under Delaware law in connection with the management of our
Operating Partnership. Our duties, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, as a general partner to our Operating Partnership and its partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and
officers to our Company. The partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership does not require us to resolve such conflicts in favor of either our Company or the limited partners in our Operating
Partnership. Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant partnership agreement, Delaware law generally requires a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership to adhere to fiduciary duty
standards under which it owes its limited partners the highest duties of good faith, fairness, and loyalty and which generally prohibit such general partner from taking any action or engaging in any
transaction as to which it has a conflict of interest.  

         Additionally,
the partnership agreement expressly limits our liability by providing that neither we, our direct wholly-owned Massachusetts business trust subsidiary, as the general
partner of the Operating Partnership, nor any of our or their trustees, directors or officers, will be liable or accountable in damages to our Operating Partnership, the limited partners or assignees
for errors in judgment, mistakes of fact or law or for any act or omission if we, or such trustee, director or officer,  

 13 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 acted
in good faith. In addition, our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us, our affiliates and each of our respective trustees, officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (whether joint or several), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and other legal fees
and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to
the operations of the Operating Partnership, provided that our Operating Partnership will not indemnify for (1) willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (2) any transaction
for which such person received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement, or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the person had
reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful.  

         The
provisions of Delaware law that allow the common law fiduciary duties of a general partner to be modified by a partnership agreement have not been resolved in a court of law, and we
have not
obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties that would be in effect under common law were it
not for the partnership agreement.  

  Certain provisions of Maryland law and our organizational documents, including the stock ownership limit imposed by our charter, may inhibit market activity in our stock and
could prevent or delay a change in control transaction.   

         Our charter, subject to certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve
our qualification as a REIT and to limit any person to actual or constructive ownership of no more than 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding common
stock or 7.0% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of our outstanding capital stock. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may exempt a proposed transferee from
the ownership limit. However, our board of directors may not grant an exemption from the ownership limit to any proposed transferee whose ownership could jeopardize our qualification as a REIT. These
restrictions on ownership will not apply if our board of directors determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT. The ownership
limit may delay or impede a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our securities or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Different ownership
limits apply to the family of Kenneth M. Woolley, certain of his affiliates, family members and estates and trusts formed for the benefit of the foregoing; to Spencer F. Kirk, certain of his
affiliates, family members and estates and trusts formed for the benefit of the foregoing; and to certain designated investment entities as defined in our charter.  

  Our board of directors has the power to issue additional shares of our stock in a manner that may not be in the best interest of our stockholders.   

         Our charter authorizes our board of directors to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and
to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series without stockholder approval. In addition, our board of directors may classify or reclassify any
unissued shares of common stock or preferred stock and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. Our board of directors could issue additional shares of our
common stock or establish a series of preferred stock that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for
our securities or otherwise not be in the best interests of our stockholders.  

 14 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited.   

         Maryland law provides that a director or officer has no liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in good
faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition,
our charter eliminates our directors' and officers' liability to us and our stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit in money, property
or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. Our bylaws require us to indemnify our directors and officers for
liability resulting from actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our
directors and officers than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers.  

  To the extent our distributions represent a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our stockholders could recognize an increased capital gain upon a
subsequent sale of common stock.   

         Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and not treated by us as a dividend will not be taxable to
a U.S. stockholder under current U.S. federal income tax law to the extent those distributions do not exceed the stockholder's adjusted tax basis in his, her, or its common stock, but instead will
constitute a return of capital and will reduce such adjusted basis. If distributions result in a reduction of a stockholder's adjusted basis in such holder's common stock, subsequent sales of such
holder's common stock will result in recognition of an increased capital gain or decreased capital loss due to the reduction in such adjusted basis.  

  Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry   

  Our primary business involves the ownership and operation of self-storage properties.   

         Our current strategy is to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop only self-storage properties. Consequently, we are
subject to risks inherent in investments in a single industry. Because investments in real estate are inherently illiquid, this strategy makes it difficult for us to diversify our investment portfolio
and to limit our risk when economic conditions change. Decreases in market rents, negative tax, real estate and zoning law changes and changes in environmental protection laws may also increase our
costs, lower the value of our investments and decrease our income, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.  

  Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties.   

         Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more properties in our portfolio in
response to changing economic, financial and investment conditions is limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing,
interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms set by us or
whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a
property.  

         We
may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure you that we will have funds available to correct those
defects or to make those improvements. In acquiring a property, we may agree to transfer restrictions that materially restrict us from selling that property for a period of time or impose other
restrictions, such  

 15 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 as
a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that property. These transfer restrictions would impede our ability to sell a property even if we deem it necessary or
appropriate.  

  Any investments in unimproved real property may take significantly longer to yield income-producing returns, if at all, and may result in additional costs to us to comply
with re-zoning restrictions or environmental regulations.   

         We have invested in the past, and may invest in the future, in unimproved real property. Unimproved properties generally take longer to
yield income-producing returns based on the typical time required for development. Any development of unimproved property may also expose us to the risks and uncertainties associated with re-zoning
the land for a higher use or development and environmental concerns of governmental entities and/or community groups. Any unsuccessful investments or delays in realizing an income-producing return or
increased costs to develop unimproved real estate could restrict our ability to earn our targeted rate of return on an investment or adversely affect our ability to pay operating expenses which would
harm our financial condition and operating results.  

  Any negative perceptions of the self-storage industry generally may result in a decline in our stock price.   

         To the extent that the investing public has a negative perception of the self-storage industry, the value of our securities may be
negatively impacted, which could result in our securities trading below the inherent value of our assets.  

  Risks Related to Our Debt Financings   

  Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain debt financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us.   

         Uncertainty in the credit markets may negatively impact our ability to access additional debt financing or to refinance existing debt
maturities on favorable terms (or at all), which may negatively affect our ability to make acquisitions and fund development projects. A downturn in the credit markets may cause us to seek alternative
sources of potentially less attractive financing, and may require us to adjust our business plan accordingly. In addition, these factors may make it more difficult for us to sell properties or may
adversely affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing.  

  Required payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash to operate our properties or to pay the distributions currently contemplated or
necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations.   

         As of December 31, 2013, we had approximately $2.0 billion of outstanding indebtedness. We may incur additional debt in
connection with future acquisitions and development. We may borrow under our Credit Lines or borrow new funds to finance these future properties. Additionally, we do not anticipate that our internally
generated cash flow will be adequate to repay our existing indebtedness upon maturity and, therefore, we expect to repay our indebtedness through refinancings and equity and/or debt offerings.
Further, we may need to borrow funds in order to make cash distributions to maintain our qualification as a REIT or to make our expected distributions.  

         If
we are required to utilize our Credit Lines for purposes other than acquisition activity, this will reduce the amount available for acquisitions and could slow our growth. Therefore,
our level of debt  

 16 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 and
the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant adverse consequences, including the following: 

 
 
 • our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments;    
 • we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, including to make acquisitions or to continue
to make distributions required to maintain our qualification as a REIT;  
 • we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms
of our original indebtedness;  
 • because a portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, an increase in interest rates could materially increase
our interest expense;  
 • we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms;    
 • after debt service, the amount available for cash distributions to our stockholders is reduced;    
 • our debt level could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less debt;    
 • we may experience increased vulnerability to economic and industry downturns, reducing our ability to respond to changing
business and economic conditions;  
 • we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties that secure their loans
and receive an assignment of rents and leases;  
 • we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgages may enforce our guarantees;    
 • we may violate restrictive covenants in our loan documents, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt
obligations; and  
 • our default under any one of our mortgage loans with cross-default or cross-collateralization provisions could result in a
default on other indebtedness or result in the foreclosures of other properties.  
 

  We could become highly leveraged in the future because our organizational documents contain no limitation on the amount of debt we may incur.   


         Our organizational documents contain no limitations on the amount of indebtedness that we or our Operating Partnership may incur. We
could alter the balance between our total outstanding indebtedness and the value of our portfolio at any time. If we become more highly leveraged, the resulting increase in debt service could
adversely affect our ability to make payments on our outstanding indebtedness and to pay our anticipated cash distributions and/or to continue to make cash distributions to maintain our REIT
qualification, and could harm our financial condition.  

  Increases in interest rates may increase our interest expense and adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and make cash distributions to
our stockholders.   

         As of December 31, 2013, we had approximately $1,958 million of debt outstanding, of which approximately
$339.3 million or 17.3% was subject to variable interest rates (excluding debt with interest rate swaps). This variable rate debt had a weighted average interest rate of approximately 2.1% per
annum. Increases in interest rates on this variable rate debt would increase our interest expense, which could harm our cash flow and our ability to pay cash distributions. For example, if market
rates of interest on this variable rate debt increased by 100 basis points (excluding variable rate debt with  

 17 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 interest
rate floors), the increase in interest expense would decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $3.0 million annually.  

  Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations.   

         In certain cases we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements. Hedging
involves risks, such as the risk that the counterparty may fail to honor its obligations under an arrangement. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our
financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions to our stockholders.  

  Risks Related to Qualification and Operation as a REIT   

  To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we may be forced to borrow funds on a short-term basis during unfavorable market conditions.   

         To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our net taxable income each year, excluding net
capital gains, and we are subject to regular corporate income taxes to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income each year. In addition, we are subject to a 4%
nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions made by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100%
of our undistributed income from prior years. While historically we have satisfied these distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, a REIT is permitted to satisfy
these requirements by making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, its own stock. Assuming we continue to satisfy these distributions requirements with cash, we
may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis, or possibly long-term, to meet the REIT distribution requirements even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings.
These borrowing needs could result from a difference in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital
expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt amortization payments.  

  Dividends payable by REITs generally do not qualify for reduced tax rates.   

         The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for dividends paid by domestic corporations to individual U.S. stockholders is 20%. Dividends
paid by REITs, however, are generally
not eligible for the reduced rates. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate dividends could cause stockholders who are individuals to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively
less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our securities.  

         In
addition, the relative attractiveness of real estate in general may be adversely affected by the favorable tax treatment given to corporate dividends, which could negatively affect
the value of our properties.  

  Possible legislative or other actions affecting REITs could adversely affect our stockholders.   

         The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by
the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. Changes to tax laws (which changes may have retroactive application) could adversely affect our stockholders. It cannot be predicted whether, when, in what
forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws applicable to us or our stockholders will be changed.  

 18 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  The power of our board of directors to revoke our REIT election without stockholder approval may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders.   


         Our charter provides that our board of directors may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our
stockholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. If we cease to qualify as a REIT, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax on our
taxable income and would no longer be required to distribute most of our net taxable income to our stockholders, which may have adverse consequences on the total return to our stockholders.  

  Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have significant adverse consequences to us and the value of our stock.   


         We believe we operate in a manner that allows us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes under the Internal Revenue
Code. If we fail to qualify as a REIT or lose our qualification as a REIT at any time, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution for
each of the years involved because: 

 
 
 • we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject
to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates;  
 • we also could be subject to the U.S. federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and    
 • unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four
taxable years following a year during which we were disqualified.  
 

         In
addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to stockholders, and all distributions to stockholders will be subject to tax as regular
corporate dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. This means that our U.S. individual stockholders would be taxed on our dividends at capital gains rates, and our
U.S. corporate stockholders would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject, in each case, to applicable limitations under the Internal Revenue Code. If
we fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and are able to avail ourselves of one or more of the relief provisions under the Internal Revenue Code in order to maintain our REIT
status, we may nevertheless be required to pay penalty taxes of $50,000 or more for each such failure. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability
to expand our business and raise capital, and could adversely affect the value of our securities.  


         Qualification
as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative
interpretations. The complexity of these provisions and of the applicable Treasury regulations that have been promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code is greater in the case of a REIT that, like
us, holds its assets through a partnership. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our
control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the composition of our assets, the
sources of our gross income and the owners of our stock. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the fair market value of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to
precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding
capital gains, and we will be subject to income tax at regular corporate rates to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our net taxable income including capital gains. In addition, legislation,
new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may adversely affect our investors, our ability to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes or the desirability of an
investment in  

 19 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 a
REIT relative to other investments. Although we believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that is intended to allow us to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we can give no
assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes. We have not requested and do not plan to request a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service regarding our
qualification as a REIT.  

  We will pay some taxes.   

         Even though we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will be required to pay some U.S. federal, state and local
taxes on our income and property. Extra Space Management, Inc. manages self-storage properties for our joint ventures and properties owned by third parties. We, jointly with Extra Space
Management, Inc., elected to treat Extra Space Management, Inc. as a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS") of our Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A taxable REIT subsidiary is a
fully taxable corporation, and may be limited in its ability to deduct interest payments made to us. ESM Reinsurance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Extra Space Management, Inc.,
generates income from insurance premiums that are subject to federal income tax and state insurance premiums tax. In addition, we will be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain amounts if the
economic arrangements among our tenants, our taxable REIT subsidiary and us are not comparable to similar arrangements among unrelated parties or if we receive payments for inventory or property held
for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Also, if we sell property as a dealer (i.e., to customers in the ordinary course of our trade or business), we will be subject to a
100% penalty tax on any gain arising from such sales. While we don't intend to sell properties as a dealer, the IRS could take a contrary position. To the extent that we are, or our taxable REIT
subsidiary is, required to pay U.S. federal, state or local taxes, we will have less cash available for distribution to stockholders.  

  Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities.   

         To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the
sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our stock. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to
forego attractive business or investment opportunities. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may adversely affect our ability to operate solely to maximize profits.   

   
       Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments          


         None.   

   
       Item 2.    Properties          

         As of December 31, 2013, we owned or had ownership interests in 779 operating self-storage properties. Of these properties, 506
are wholly-owned and 273 are held in joint ventures. In addition, we managed an additional 250 properties for third parties bringing the total number of properties which we own and/or manage to 1,029.
These properties are located in 35 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. We receive a management fee generally equal to approximately 6% of cash collected from total revenues to manage the joint
venture and third party sites. As of December 31, 2013, we owned and/or managed approximately 75.7 million square feet of rentable space configured in approximately 680,000 separate
storage units. Approximately 70% of our properties are clustered around large population centers, such as Atlanta, Baltimore/Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles,
Miami, New York City, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, St. Petersburg/Tampa and San Francisco/Oakland. These markets contain above-average population and income demographics for self-storage
properties. The clustering of assets around these population centers enables us to  

 20 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 reduce
our operating costs through economies of scale. Our acquisitions have given us an increased scale in many core markets as well as a foothold in many markets where we had no previous presence.  

         We
consider a property to be in the lease-up stage after it has been issued a certificate of occupancy, but before it has achieved stabilization. We consider a property to be stabilized
once it has achieved either an 80% occupancy rate for a full year measured as of January 1, or has been open for three years.  


         As
of December 31, 2013, approximately 600,000 tenants were leasing storage units at the 1,029 operating properties that we own and/or manage, primarily on a month-to-month basis,
providing the flexibility to increase rental rates over time as market conditions permit. Existing tenants generally receive rate increases at least annually, for which no direct correlation has been
drawn to our vacancy trends. Although leases are short-term in duration, the typical tenant tends to remain at our properties for an extended period of time. For properties that were stabilized as of
December 31, 2013, the average length of stay was approximately 12 months.  

         The
average annual rent per square foot for our existing customers at stabilized properties, net of discounts and bad debt, was $13.96 for the year ended December 31, 2013,
compared to $13.38 for the year ended December 31, 2012. Average annual rent per square foot for new leases was $14.18 for the year ended December 31, 2013, compared to $13.81 for the
same period ended December 31, 2012. The average discounts, as a percentage of rental revenues, during these periods were 4.4% and 5.1%, respectively.  

         Our
property portfolio is made up of different types of construction and building configurations depending on the site and the municipality where it is located. Most often sites are what
we consider "hybrid" facilities, a mix of both drive-up buildings and multi-floor buildings. We have a number of multi-floor buildings with elevator access only, and a number of facilities featuring
ground-floor access only.  

         The
following table presents additional information regarding the occupancy of our stabilized properties by state as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. The information as of
December 31, 2012, is on a pro forma basis as though all the properties owned at December 31, 2013, were under our control as of December 31, 2012.  

 21 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

 

  Stabilized Property Data Based on Location   

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 
 
 Location

 

  
   
 Number of 
Properties  
   
 Number of 
Units as of 
December 31, 
2013(1)  
   
 Number of 
Units as of 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 Net Rentable 
Square Feet 
as of 
December 31, 
2013(2)  
   
 Net Rentable 
Square Feet 
as of 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 Square Foot 
Occupancy % 
December 31, 
2013  
   
 Square Foot 
Occupancy % 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Wholly-Owned Properties 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Alabama 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 1,973 
   
   
 1,971 
   
   
 233,537 
   
   
 233,643 
   
   
 84.1 
 % 
   
 85.4 
 % 
 
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 6,949 
   
   
 6,914 
   
   
 814,933 
   
   
 814,803 
   
   
 87.8 
 % 
   
 86.7 
 % 
 
 
   California 
   
   
 113 
   
   
 83,805 
   
   
 83,685 
   
   
 8,741,416 
   
   
 8,761,065 
   
   
 88.0 
 % 
   
 86.4 
 % 
 
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 5,350 
   
   
 5,290 
   
   
 658,305 
   
   
 660,425 
   
   
 86.9 
 % 
   
 88.6 
 % 
 
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 3,130 
   
   
 3,137 
   
   
 301,174 
   
   
 301,204 
   
   
 89.3 
 % 
   
 88.1 
 % 
 
 
   Florida 
   
   
 46 
   
   
 31,115 
   
   
 31,136 
   
   
 3,390,855 
   
   
 3,386,961 
   
   
 89.6 
 % 
   
 87.1 
 % 
 
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 20 
   
   
 11,420 
   
   
 11,350 
   
   
 1,458,175 
   
   
 1,456,612 
   
   
 87.1 
 % 
   
 85.3 
 % 
 
 
   Hawaii 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 5,708 
   
   
 5,656 
   
   
 338,210 
   
   
 333,636 
   
   
 83.2 
 % 
   
 82.0 
 % 
 
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 18 
   
   
 12,166 
   
   
 11,992 
   
   
 1,267,164 
   
   
 1,259,870 
   
   
 90.3 
 % 
   
 89.9 
 % 
 
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 4,711 
   
   
 4,600 
   
   
 553,158 
   
   
 542,543 
   
   
 86.4 
 % 
   
 89.6 
 % 
 
 
   Kansas 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 504 
   
   
 506 
   
   
 50,360 
   
   
 50,350 
   
   
 91.7 
 % 
   
 84.9 
 % 
 
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 2,156 
   
   
 2,151 
   
   
 254,141 
   
   
 254,115 
   
   
 89.4 
 % 
   
 90.1 
 % 
 
 
   Louisiana 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,414 
   
   
 1,412 
   
   
 150,065 
   
   
 149,865 
   
   
 91.5 
 % 
   
 89.3 
 % 
 
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 21 
   
   
 15,543 
   
   
 15,449 
   
   
 1,645,845 
   
   
 1,645,040 
   
   
 89.9 
 % 
   
 87.3 
 % 
 
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 35 
   
   
 21,327 
   
   
 21,395 
   
   
 2,173,269 
   
   
 2,186,312 
   
   
 91.7 
 % 
   
 89.2 
 % 
 
 
   Michigan 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1,792 
   
   
 1,781 
   
   
 252,784 
   
   
 253,072 
   
   
 89.2 
 % 
   
 87.1 
 % 
 
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 3,208 
   
   
 3,155 
   
   
 376,256 
   
   
 374,537 
   
   
 88.0 
 % 
   
 86.9 
 % 
 
 
   Nevada 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 3,219 
   
   
 3,207 
   
   
 546,574 
   
   
 546,203 
   
   
 88.4 
 % 
   
 83.4 
 % 
 
 
   New Hampshire 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,002 
   
   
 1,005 
   
   
 125,773 
   
   
 125,773 
   
   
 91.8 
 % 
   
 90.2 
 % 
 
 
   New Jersey 
   
   
 45 
   
   
 35,373 
   
   
 35,862 
   
   
 3,431,693 
   
   
 3,468,745 
   
   
 91.4 
 % 
   
 89.6 
 % 
 
 
   New Mexico 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1,573 
   
   
 1,592 
   
   
 216,154 
   
   
 216,064 
   
   
 85.0 
 % 
   
 86.2 
 % 
 
 
   New York 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 16,534 
   
   
 16,471 
   
   
 1,351,830 
   
   
 1,351,605 
   
   
 90.0 
 % 
   
 90.1 
 % 
 
 
   Ohio 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 10,254 
   
   
 10,279 
   
   
 1,353,710 
   
   
 1,345,470 
   
   
 88.7 
 % 
   
 88.7 
 % 
 
 
   Oregon 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 2,144 
   
   
 2,140 
   
   
 250,410 
   
   
 250,610 
   
   
 92.5 
 % 
   
 92.0 
 % 
 
 
   Pennsylvania 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 5,724 
   
   
 5,728 
   
   
 648,885 
   
   
 650,755 
   
   
 88.9 
 % 
   
 88.8 
 % 
 
 
   Rhode Island 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,183 
   
   
 1,180 
   
   
 131,321 
   
   
 130,836 
   
   
 91.6 
 % 
   
 86.3 
 % 
 
 
   South Carolina 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 2,709 
   
   
 2,700 
   
   
 329,700 
   
   
 327,725 
   
   
 90.5 
 % 
   
 85.9 
 % 
 
 
   Tennessee 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 5,487 
   
   
 5,443 
   
   
 753,427 
   
   
 743,859 
   
   
 88.9 
 % 
   
 84.6 
 % 
 
 
   Texas 
   
   
 30 
   
   
 19,396 
   
   
 19,375 
   
   
 2,303,491 
   
   
 2,305,064 
   
   
 86.4 
 % 
   
 84.2 
 % 
 
 
   Utah 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 3,523 
   
   
 3,528 
   
   
 443,431 
   
   
 444,500 
   
   
 90.5 
 % 
   
 89.8 
 % 
 
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 7,499 
   
   
 7,485 
   
   
 758,522 
   
   
 757,546 
   
   
 88.9 
 % 
   
 86.8 
 % 
 
 
   Washington 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 3,065 
   
   
 3,054 
   
   
 370,983 
   
   
 370,630 
   
   
 84.0 
 % 
   
 86.6 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Wholly-Owned Stabilized  
   
   
 489 
   
   
 330,956 
   
   
 330,629 
   
   
 35,675,551 
   
   
 35,699,438 
   
   
 88.9 
 % 
   
 87.3 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 
  
  22 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 
 
 Location

 

  
   
 Number of 
Properties  
   
 Number of 
Units as of 
December 31, 
2013(1)  
   
 Number of 
Units as of 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 Net Rentable 
Square Feet 
as of 
December 31, 
2013(2)  
   
 Net Rentable 
Square Feet 
as of 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 Square Foot 
Occupancy % 
December 31, 
2013  
   
 Square Foot 
Occupancy % 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Joint-Venture Properties 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Alabama 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,148 
   
   
 1,147 
   
   
 145,153 
   
   
 145,213 
   
   
 90.3 
 % 
   
 89.7 
 % 
 
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 4,224 
   
   
 4,211 
   
   
 492,831 
   
   
 493,191 
   
   
 90.4 
 % 
   
 88.6 
 % 
 
 
   California 
   
   
 72 
   
   
 51,819 
   
   
 51,540 
   
   
 5,322,350 
   
   
 5,323,259 
   
   
 91.3 
 % 
   
 91.1 
 % 
 
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,323 
   
   
 1,320 
   
   
 158,863 
   
   
 158,553 
   
   
 89.9 
 % 
   
 88.5 
 % 
 
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 5,296 
   
   
 5,298 
   
   
 611,790 
   
   
 612,255 
   
   
 92.7 
 % 
   
 88.9 
 % 
 
 
   Delaware 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 590 
   
   
 589 
   
   
 71,705 
   
   
 71,680 
   
   
 92.4 
 % 
   
 92.8 
 % 
 
 
   Florida 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 15,189 
   
   
 15,274 
   
   
 1,526,503 
   
   
 1,532,906 
   
   
 89.4 
 % 
   
 87.8 
 % 
 
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,056 
   
   
 1,061 
   
   
 151,524 
   
   
 151,684 
   
   
 86.6 
 % 
   
 86.8 
 % 
 
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 3,442 
   
   
 3,390 
   
   
 364,933 
   
   
 361,998 
   
   
 90.4 
 % 
   
 89.8 
 % 
 
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 2,166 
   
   
 2,145 
   
   
 284,826 
   
   
 283,611 
   
   
 90.5 
 % 
   
 91.9 
 % 
 
 
   Kansas 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 843 
   
   
 842 
   
   
 109,605 
   
   
 108,990 
   
   
 83.4 
 % 
   
 85.0 
 % 
 
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 2,228 
   
   
 2,289 
   
   
 254,769 
   
   
 270,013 
   
   
 87.6 
 % 
   
 89.5 
 % 
 
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 9,731 
   
   
 9,644 
   
   
 954,975 
   
   
 951,480 
   
   
 90.2 
 % 
   
 88.8 
 % 
 
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 13 
   
   
 6,904 
   
   
 6,871 
   
   
 782,515 
   
   
 777,077 
   
   
 90.9 
 % 
   
 90.2 
 % 
 
 
   Michigan 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 4,781 
   
   
 4,749 
   
   
 611,243 
   
   
 611,558 
   
   
 89.8 
 % 
   
 91.2 
 % 
 
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 531 
   
   
 532 
   
   
 61,225 
   
   
 61,275 
   
   
 83.8 
 % 
   
 88.5 
 % 
 
 
   Nevada 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 3,046 
   
   
 3,062 
   
   
 327,113 
   
   
 325,923 
   
   
 87.7 
 % 
   
 86.7 
 % 
 
 
   New Hampshire 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1,305 
   
   
 1,309 
   
   
 137,024 
   
   
 137,024 
   
   
 88.6 
 % 
   
 89.7 
 % 
 
 
   New Jersey 
   
   
 16 
   
   
 12,947 
   
   
 12,869 
   
   
 1,357,003 
   
   
 1,356,579 
   
   
 90.3 
 % 
   
 90.7 
 % 
 
 
   New Mexico 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 3,605 
   
   
 3,612 
   
   
 398,245 
   
   
 398,007 
   
   
 85.4 
 % 
   
 80.8 
 % 
 
 
   New York 
   
   
 13 
   
   
 14,177 
   
   
 14,119 
   
   
 1,107,419 
   
   
 1,106,469 
   
   
 91.0 
 % 
   
 92.8 
 % 
 
 
   Ohio 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 3,963 
   
   
 3,946 
   
   
 531,522 
   
   
 531,937 
   
   
 88.6 
 % 
   
 87.1 
 % 
 
 
   Oregon 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 652 
   
   
 652 
   
   
 64,970 
   
   
 64,970 
   
   
 90.4 
 % 
   
 93.2 
 % 
 
 
   Pennsylvania 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 7,961 
   
   
 7,944 
   
   
 802,240 
   
   
 799,590 
   
   
 89.6 
 % 
   
 89.6 
 % 
 
 
   Tennessee 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 9,354 
   
   
 9,288 
   
   
 1,240,082 
   
   
 1,214,916 
   
   
 89.7 
 % 
   
 85.8 
 % 
 
 
   Texas 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 10,563 
   
   
 10,536 
   
   
 1,387,706 
   
   
 1,388,171 
   
   
 92.2 
 % 
   
 89.3 
 % 
 
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 13 
   
   
 9,359 
   
   
 9,337 
   
   
 994,449 
   
   
 993,306 
   
   
 89.7 
 % 
   
 86.8 
 % 
 
 
   Washington, DC 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1,530 
   
   
 1,529 
   
   
 102,017 
   
   
 101,989 
   
   
 91.3 
 % 
   
 90.6 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Joint-Venture Stabilized  
   
   
 273 
   
   
 189,733 
   
   
 189,105 
   
   
 20,354,600 
   
   
 20,333,624 
   
   
 90.4 
 % 
   
 89.4 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Managed Properties 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1,225 
   
   
 1,225 
   
   
 228,847 
   
   
 228,822 
   
   
 86.4 
 % 
   
 80.2 
 % 
 
 
   California 
   
   
 60 
   
   
 40,240 
   
   
 40,305 
   
   
 5,313,158 
   
   
 5,326,706 
   
   
 79.0 
 % 
   
 75.4 
 % 
 
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 5,782 
   
   
 5,764 
   
   
 680,801 
   
   
 678,304 
   
   
 89.7 
 % 
   
 90.4 
 % 
 
 
   Connecticut 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 477 
   
   
 481 
   
   
 61,600 
   
   
 61,480 
   
   
 88.3 
 % 
   
 78.6 
 % 
 
 
   Florida 
   
   
 28 
   
   
 16,639 
   
   
 16,376 
   
   
 2,000,476 
   
   
 1,972,131 
   
   
 83.4 
 % 
   
 82.2 
 % 
 
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 4,630 
   
   
 4,621 
   
   
 703,228 
   
   
 700,948 
   
   
 86.0 
 % 
   
 83.2 
 % 
 
 
   Hawaii 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 4,109 
   
   
 4,112 
   
   
 234,772 
   
   
 236,279 
   
   
 81.1 
 % 
   
 69.3 
 % 
 
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 2,928 
   
   
 2,928 
   
   
 318,195 
   
   
 318,195 
   
   
 91.4 
 % 
   
 91.4 
 % 
 
 
   Indiana 
   
   
 9 
   
   
 5,035 
   
   
 5,039 
   
   
 618,777 
   
   
 618,727 
   
   
 86.5 
 % 
   
 85.6 
 % 
 
 
   Kentucky 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 547 
   
   
 535 
   
   
 67,268 
   
   
 66,868 
   
   
 85.7 
 % 
   
 89.4 
 % 
 
 
   Louisiana 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1,006 
   
   
 1,013 
   
   
 135,035 
   
   
 134,940 
   
   
 77.0 
 % 
   
 76.5 
 % 
 
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 6,084 
   
   
 5,814 
   
   
 614,972 
   
   
 598,802 
   
   
 86.3 
 % 
   
 89.2 
 % 
 
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 1,100 
   
   
 1,109 
   
   
 108,405 
   
   
 108,605 
   
   
 87.4 
 % 
   
 83.2 
 % 
 
 
   Mississippi 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,893 
   
   
 1,893 
   
   
 281,823 
   
   
 281,823 
   
   
 79.2 
 % 
   
 79.2 
 % 
 
 
   Missouri 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,209 
   
   
 1,206 
   
   
 152,021 
   
   
 151,716 
   
   
 85.5 
 % 
   
 84.7 
 % 
 
 
   Nevada 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,554 
   
   
 1,562 
   
   
 170,025 
   
   
 170,575 
   
   
 80.1 
 % 
   
 75.6 
 % 
 
 
   New Jersey 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 4,033 
   
   
 4,114 
   
   
 428,388 
   
   
 430,198 
   
   
 90.7 
 % 
   
 74.4 
 % 
 
 
   New Mexico 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,119 
   
   
 1,109 
   
   
 131,112 
   
   
 132,137 
   
   
 87.0 
 % 
   
 88.8 
 % 
 
 
   North Carolina 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 5,721 
   
   
 5,630 
   
   
 704,621 
   
   
 704,818 
   
   
 86.8 
 % 
   
 81.7 
 % 
 
 
   Ohio 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 3,521 
   
   
 3,521 
   
   
 489,384 
   
   
 489,384 
   
   
 84.0 
 % 
   
 84.0 
 % 
 
 
   Pennsylvania 
   
   
 16 
   
   
 7,800 
   
   
 7,832 
   
   
 927,771 
   
   
 929,071 
   
   
 85.2 
 % 
   
 82.7 
 % 
 
 
   South Carolina 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 2,763 
   
   
 2,745 
   
   
 359,600 
   
   
 359,250 
   
   
 87.1 
 % 
   
 85.1 
 % 
 
 
   Tennessee 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1,510 
   
   
 1,503 
   
   
 206,530 
   
   
 206,465 
   
   
 87.4 
 % 
   
 87.3 
 % 
 
 
   Texas 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 9,507 
   
   
 9,294 
   
   
 1,324,030 
   
   
 1,329,570 
   
   
 83.5 
 % 
   
 81.9 
 % 
 
 
   Utah 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 785 
   
   
 795 
   
   
 136,005 
   
   
 136,005 
   
   
 79.7 
 % 
   
 74.8 
 % 
 
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 2,513 
   
   
 2,517 
   
   
 258,556 
   
   
 258,481 
   
   
 81.8 
 % 
   
 76.0 
 % 
 
 
   Washington 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 470 
   
   
 468 
   
   
 56,590 
   
   
 56,590 
   
   
 89.1 
 % 
   
 85.6 
 % 
 
 
   Washington, DC 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,262 
   
   
 1,263 
   
   
 112,409 
   
   
 112,459 
   
   
 91.8 
 % 
   
 84.7 
 % 
 
 
   Puerto Rico 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 2,701 
   
   
 2,775 
   
   
 288,190 
   
   
 289,003 
   
   
 84.2 
 % 
   
 80.2 
 % 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Managed Stabilized  
   
   
 232 
   
   
 138,163 
   
   
 137,549 
   
   
 17,112,589 
   
   
 17,088,352 
   
   
 83.3 
 % 
   
 80.5 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Stabilized Properties  
   
   
 994 
   
   
 658,852 
   
   
 657,283 
   
   
 73,142,740 
   
   
 73,121,414 
   
   
 88.0 
 % 
   
 86.3 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Represents
unit count as of December 31, 2013, which may differ from unit count as of December 31, 2012, due to unit conversions or
expansions.  
  
 23 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
  
 (2) Represents
net rentable square feet as of December 31, 2013, which may differ from net rentable square feet as of December 31, 2012, due to
unit conversions or expansions.  
  
          The
following table presents additional information regarding the occupancy of our lease-up properties by state as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. The information as of
December 31, 2012, is on a pro forma basis as though all the properties owned at December 31, 2013, were under our control as of December 31, 2012.  

  Lease-up Property Data Based on Location   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 Company  
   
 Pro forma  
   
 
 
 Location

 

  
   
 Number of 
Properties  
   
 Number of 
Units as of 
December 31, 
2013(1)  
   
 Number of 
Units as of 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 Net Rentable 
Square Feet 
as of 
December 31, 
2013(2)  
   
 Net Rentable 
Square Feet 
as of 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 Square Foot 
Occupancy % 
December 31, 
2013  
   
 Square Foot 
Occupancy % 
December 31, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Wholly-Owned Properties 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Arizona 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 631 
   
   
 633 
   
   
 71,355 
   
   
 71,355 
   
   
 73.0 
 % 
   
 57.0 
 % 
 
 
   California 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 2,143 
   
   
 2,167 
   
   
 206,835 
   
   
 206,023 
   
   
 87.7 
 % 
   
 71.5 
 % 
 
 
   Florida 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 5,143 
   
   
 5,252 
   
   
 513,994 
   
   
 516,079 
   
   
 86.2 
 % 
   
 75.9 
 % 
 
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 2,679 
   
   
 1,675 
   
   
 274,237 
   
   
 172,035 
   
   
 69.9 
 % 
   
 72.5 
 % 
 
 
   Massachusetts 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 686 
   
   
 684 
   
   
 72,465 
   
   
 72,770 
   
   
 72.5 
 % 
   
 64.4 
 % 
 
 
   New York 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 822 
   
   
 822 
   
   
 100,480 
   
   
 100,480 
   
   
 78.9 
 % 
   
 78.3 
 % 
 
 
   North Carolina 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 568 
   
   
 564 
   
   
 64,477 
   
   
 64,427 
   
   
 84.8 
 % 
   
 69.9 
 % 
 
 
   Utah 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 501 
   
   
 504 
   
   
 59,500 
   
   
 59,250 
   
   
 86.7 
 % 
   
 68.4 
 % 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Wholly-Owned in Lease-up  
   
   
 17 
   
   
 13,173 
   
   
 12,301 
   
   
 1,363,343 
   
   
 1,262,419 
   
   
 81.1 
 % 
   
 72.5 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Managed Properties 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Colorado 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 1,011 
   
   
 1,014 
   
   
 117,327 
   
   
 117,327 
   
   
 85.7 
 % 
   
 81.9 
 % 
 
 
   Florida 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1,491 
   
   
 1,482 
   
   
 151,909 
   
   
 150,024 
   
   
 85.4 
 % 
   
 66.4 
 % 
 
 
   Georgia 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 1,844 
   
   
 1,835 
   
   
 261,037 
   
   
 258,566 
   
   
 72.7 
 % 
   
 62.7 
 % 
 
 
   Illinois 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 675 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 46,599 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10.8 
 % 
   
 0.0 
 % 
 
 
   Maryland 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 2,256 
   
   
 2,255 
   
   
 215,035 
   
   
 215,085 
   
   
 76.2 
 % 
   
 47.3 
 % 
 
 
   North Carolina 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 715 
   
   
 345 
   
   
 61,386 
   
   
 31,145 
   
   
 46.4 
 % 
   
 0.0 
 % 
 
 
   Texas 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 2,384 
   
   
 1,551 
   
   
 266,493 
   
   
 171,238 
   
   
 46.2 
 % 
   
 50.7 
 % 
 
 
   Utah 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 424 
   
   
 429 
   
   
 65,790 
   
   
 66,750 
   
   
 86.8 
 % 
   
 82.8 
 % 
 
 
   Virginia 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 600 
   
   
 600 
   
   
 54,640 
   
   
 54,640 
   
   
 51.3 
 % 
   
 0.0 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Managed in Lease-up  
   
   
 18 
   
   
 11,400 
   
   
 9,511 
   
   
 1,240,216 
   
   
 1,064,775 
   
   
 66.6 
 % 
   
 59.1 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Lease up-Properties  
   
   
 35 
   
   
 24,573 
   
   
 21,812 
   
   
 2,603,559 
   
   
 2,327,194 
   
   
 74.2 
 % 
   
 66.4 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Represents
unit count as of December 31, 2013, which may differ from unit count as of December 31, 2012, due to unit conversions or
expansions.
 (2) Represents
net rentable square feet as of December 31, 2013, which may differ from net rentable square feet as of December 31, 2012, due to
unit conversions or expansions.  
  
    
       Item 3.    Legal Proceedings          

         We are involved in various litigation and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. We are not a party to any material
litigation or legal proceedings, or to the best of our knowledge, any threatened litigation or legal proceedings which, in the opinion of management, will have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition or results of operations either individually or in the aggregate.   

   
       Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures          

         Not Applicable.  

 24 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 


 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART II          

   
       Item 5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities          


  Market Information   

         Our common stock has been traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "EXR" since our IPO on August 17,
2004. Prior to that time there was no public market for our common stock.  

         The
following table presents, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales price for our common stock as reported by the NYSE and the per share dividends declared:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Range  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Dividends Declared  
   
 
 
 Year

 

  
   
 Quarter  
   
 High  
   
 Low  
   
 
 
   2012 
   
 1st 
   
   
 28.92 
   
   
 23.80 
   
   
 0.20 
   
 
 
   
   
 2nd 
   
   
 30.82 
   
   
 27.45 
   
   
 0.20 
   
 
 
   
   
 3rd 
   
   
 35.17 
   
   
 30.21 
   
   
 0.20 
   
 
 
   
   
 4th 
   
   
 36.56 
   
   
 32.59 
   
   
 0.25 
   
 
 
   2013 
   
   1st 
   
   
 
40.97 
   
   
 
36.50 
   
   
 
0.25 
   
 
 
   
   
 2nd 
   
   
 45.29 
   
   
 38.87 
   
   
 0.40 
   
 
 
   
   
 3rd 
   
   
 47.11 
   
   
 39.98 
   
   
 0.40 
   
 
 
   
   
 4th 
   
   
 49.29 
   
   
 40.32 
   
   
 0.40 
   
 
 
 
  
          On
February 14, 2014, the closing price of our common stock as reported by the NYSE was $47.20. At February 14, 2014, we had 274 holders of record of our common stock.
Certain shares of the Company are held in "street" name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known or included in the foregoing number.  

         Holders
of shares of common stock are entitled to receive distributions when declared by our board of directors out of any assets legally available for that purpose. As a REIT, we are
required to distribute at least 90% of our "REIT taxable income," which is generally equivalent to our net taxable ordinary income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid to our
stockholders annually in order to maintain our REIT qualification for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  

         Information
about our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities   

         On December 2, 2013, we completed the purchase of six of eight self-storage facilities affiliated with Grupe
Properties Co. Inc. ("Grupe"), all of which are located in California. On December 3, 2013, we completed the purchase of the remaining two facilities. We previously held 35%
interests in five of these eight properties through separate joint ventures with Grupe. These properties were acquired in exchange for approximately $42.7 million in cash, the
assumption of approximately $4.3 million in existing debt, and the issuance of 407,996 Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units ("Series C Units") valued at approximately
$17.2 million.  

         The
Series C Units rank junior to the Operating Partnership's Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units, on parity with the Operating Partnership's Series B
Redeemable Preferred Units and senior to all other partnership interests with respect to distributions and liquidation. The Series C Units have a priority quarterly return per unit
(1) before the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance of such units, equal to $0.18 plus the then-payable quarterly distribution per common unit of the Operating Partnership, and
(2) after the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance of such units, equal to the  

 25 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 aggregate
quarterly distribution per common unit of the Operating Partnership for the four quarters immediately preceding the fifth anniversary of issuance divided by four. The Series C Units
have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit. The Series C Units will be convertible at the option of the holders after the first anniversary of the date of issuance of such units and until the
fifth anniversary of the date of issuance of such units, into approximately 0.9145 common units of the Operating Partnership per Series C Unit. The Series C Units will be redeemable for
the liquidation value per unit at the option of the holders after the first anniversary of the date of issuance of such units, which redemption obligation may be satisfied, at our option, in cash or
shares of our common stock.  

         The
Series C Units were issued in private placements in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.  

 26 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       Item 6.    Selected Financial Data          


         The following table presents selected financial data and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto
included in Item 8, "Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data" and Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Form 10-K (amounts in thousands, except share and per
share data).  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 2009  
   
 
 
   Revenues: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property rental 
   
 $ 
 446,682 
   
 $ 
 346,874 
   
 $ 
 268,725 
   
 $ 
 232,447 
   
 $ 
 238,256 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance and management fees 
   
   
 73,931 
   
   
 62,522 
   
   
 61,105 
   
   
 49,050 
   
   
 41,890 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total revenues 
   
   
 520,613 
   
   
 409,396 
   
   
 329,830 
   
   
 281,497 
   
   
 280,146 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property operations 
   
   
 140,012 
   
   
 114,028 
   
   
 95,481 
   
   
 86,165 
   
   
 88,935 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 9,022 
   
   
 7,869 
   
   
 6,143 
   
   
 6,505 
   
   
 5,461 
   
 
 
   Acquisition related costs, loss on sublease and severance 
   
   
 8,618 
   
   
 5,351 
   
   
 5,033 
   
   
 3,235 
   
   
 21,236 
   
 
 
   General and administrative 
   
   
 54,246 
   
   
 50,454 
   
   
 49,683 
   
   
 44,428 
   
   
 40,224 
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 95,232 
   
   
 74,453 
   
   
 58,014 
   
   
 50,349 
   
   
 52,403 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total expenses 
   
   
 307,130 
   
   
 252,155 
   
   
 214,354 
   
   
 190,682 
   
   
 208,259 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 213,483 
   
   
 157,241 
   
   
 115,476 
   
   
 90,815 
   
   
 71,887 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 
(73,034 
 ) 
   
 
(72,294 
 ) 
   
 
(69,062 
 ) 
   
 
(65,780 
 ) 
   
 
(69,818 
 ) 
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 5,599 
   
   
 6,666 
   
   
 5,877 
   
   
 5,748 
   
   
 6,432 
   
 
 
   Gain on repurchase of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 27,928 
   
 
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition and gain on sale of real estate assets 
   
   
 (8,193 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income before equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures and income tax expense 
   
   
 137,855 
   
   
 91,613 
   
   
 52,291 
   
   
 30,783 
   
   
 36,429 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 
11,653 
   
   
 
10,859 
   
   
 
7,287 
   
   
 
6,753 
   
   
 
6,964 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners'
interests 
   
   
 46,032 
   
   
 30,630 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 (9,984 
 ) 
   
 (5,413 
 ) 
   
 (1,155 
 ) 
   
 (4,162 
 ) 
   
 (4,300 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 185,556 
   
   
 127,689 
   
   
 58,423 
   
   
 33,374 
   
   
 39,093 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership and other 
   
   
 (13,480 
 ) 
   
 (10,380 
 ) 
   
 (7,974 
 ) 
   
 (7,043 
 ) 
   
 (7,116 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 172,076 
   
 $ 
 117,309 
   
 $ 
 50,449 
   
 $ 
 26,331 
   
 $ 
 31,977 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 1.54 
   
 $ 
 1.15 
   
 $ 
 0.55 
   
 $ 
 0.30 
   
 $ 
 0.37 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 1.53 
   
 $ 
 1.14 
   
 $ 
 0.54 
   
 $ 
 0.30 
   
 $ 
 0.37 
   
 
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 111,349,361 
   
   
 102,290,200 
   
   
 92,097,008 
   
   
 87,324,104 
   
   
 86,343,029 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 113,105,094 
   
   
 106,523,015 
   
   
 96,683,508 
   
   
 92,050,453 
   
   
 91,082,834 
   
 
 
   Cash dividends paid per common share 
   
 $ 
 
1.45 
   
 $ 
 
0.85 
   
 $ 
 
0.56 
   
 $ 
 
0.40 
   
 $ 
 
0.38 
   
 
 
 
  
  27 

 
 

 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2010  
   
 2009  
   
 
 
   Balance Sheet Data 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 3,977,140 
   
 $ 
 3,223,477 
   
 $ 
 2,517,524 
   
 $ 
 2,249,820 
   
 $ 
 2,407,566 
   
 
 
   Total notes payable, notes payable to trusts, exchangeable senior notes and lines of credit 
   
 $ 
 1,946,647 
   
 $ 
 1,577,599 
   
 $ 
 1,363,656 
   
 $ 
 1,246,918 
   
 $ 
 1,402,977 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
   
 $ 
 173,425 
   
 $ 
 53,524 
   
 $ 
 54,814 
   
 $ 
 57,670 
   
 $ 
 62,040 
   
 
 
   Total stockholders' equity 
   
 $ 
 1,758,470 
   
 $ 
 1,491,807 
   
 $ 
 1,018,947 
   
 $ 
 881,401 
   
 $ 
 884,179 
   
 
 
   Other Data 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
 $ 
 271,259 
   
 $ 
 215,879 
   
 $ 
 144,164 
   
 $ 
 104,815 
   
 $ 
 81,165 
   
 
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
 $ 
 (366,976 
 ) 
 $ 
 (606,938 
 ) 
 $ 
 (251,919 
 ) 
 $ 
 (83,706 
 ) 
 $ 
 (104,410 
 ) 
 
 
   Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
   
 $ 
 191,655 
   
 $ 
 395,360 
   
 $ 
 87,489 
   
 $ 
 (106,309 
 ) 
 $ 
 91,223 
   
 
 
 
  
  28 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

   
       Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations          


          The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto
appearing elsewhere in this report. We make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. For a complete discussion of
forward-looking statements, see the section in this Form 10-K entitled "Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Information." Certain risk factors may cause actual results, performance or
achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the following discussion. For a discussion of such risk factors, see the section in this Form 10-K entitled "Risk Factors."
Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data. 

  Overview   

         We are a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, formed to continue the business
commenced in 1977 by Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed self-storage facilities.  

         At
December 31, 2013, we owned, had ownership interests in, or managed 1,029 operating properties in 35 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico. Of these 1,029 operating
properties, we owned 506, we held joint venture interests in 273 properties, and our taxable REIT subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc., operated an additional 250 properties that are owned
by third parties. These operating properties contain approximately 75.7 million square feet of rentable space in approximately 680,000 units and currently serve a customer base of approximately
600,000 tenants.  

         Our
properties are generally situated in convenient, highly visible locations clustered around large population centers such as Atlanta, Baltimore/Washington, D.C., Boston, Chicago,
Dallas, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, St. Petersburg/Tampa and San Francisco/Oakland. These areas all enjoy above average population
growth and income levels. The clustering of our assets around these population centers enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of scale. We consider a property to be in the lease-up
stage after it has been issued a certificate of occupancy, but before it has achieved stabilization. A property is considered to be stabilized once it has achieved an 80% occupancy rate for a full
year measured as of January 1, or has been open for three years.  

         To
maximize the performance of our properties, we employ industry-leading revenue management systems. Developed by our management team, these systems enable us to analyze, set and adjust
rental rates in real time across our portfolio in order to respond to changing market conditions. We believe our systems and processes allow us to more proactively manage revenues.  

         We
derive substantially all of our revenues from rents received from tenants under leases at each of our wholly-owned self-storage properties, from management fees on the properties we
manage for joint-venture partners and unaffiliated third parties, and from our tenant reinsurance program. Our management fee is generally equal to approximately 6% of cash collected from total
revenues generated by the managed properties. We also receive an asset management fee of 0.5% of the total asset value from one of our joint ventures.  

         We
operate in competitive markets, often where consumers have multiple self-storage properties from which to choose. Competition has impacted, and will continue to impact, our property
results. We experience seasonal fluctuations in occupancy levels, with occupancy levels generally higher in the summer months due to increased moving activity. Our operating results depend materially
on our ability to lease available self-storage units, to actively manage unit rental rates, and on the ability of our tenants to make required rental payments. We believe that we are able to respond
quickly and effectively to changes in local, regional and national economic conditions by adjusting rental rates through the combination of our revenue management team and our industry-leading
technology systems.  

 29 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

         We
continue to evaluate a range of new initiatives and opportunities in order to enable us to maximize stockholder value. Our strategies to maximize stockholder value include the
following: 

 
 
 • Maximize the performance of properties through strategic, efficient and proactive
management.     We pursue revenue-generating and expense-minimizing opportunities in our operations. Our revenue management team seeks to maximize revenue by
responding to changing market conditions through our technology system's ability to provide real-time, interactive rental rate and discount management. Our size allows us greater ability than the
majority of our competitors to implement more effective online marketing programs, which we believe will attract more customers to our stores at a lower net cost.    
 • Acquire self-storage properties.     Our acquisitions team
continues to pursue the acquisition of multi-property portfolios and single properties that we believe can provide stockholder value. We have established a reputation as a reliable, ethical buyer,
which we believe enhances our ability to negotiate and close acquisitions. In addition, we believe our status as an UPREIT enables flexibility when structuring deals. We continue to see available
acquisitions on which to bid and are seeing increasing prices. However, we remain a disciplined buyer and look for acquisitions that will strengthen our portfolio and increase stockholder value.    
 • Expand our management business.     Our management business
enables us to generate increased revenues through management fees and expand our geographic footprint. We believe this expanded footprint enables us to reduce our operating costs through economies of
scale. In addition, we see our management business as a future acquisition pipeline. We pursue strategic relationships with owners whose properties would enhance our portfolio in the event an
opportunity arises to acquire such properties.  
 

  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES   

         Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these
financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those that impact our most critical accounting policies. We base our estimates and
assumptions on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We believe the following are
our most critical accounting policies:  

          CONSOLIDATION:     Arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights are accounted for as variable interest entities
("VIEs"). An
enterprise is required to consolidate a VIE if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE.  

         A
VIE is created when (i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from
other parties, or (ii) the entity's equity holders as a group either: (a) lack the power, through voting or similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly
impact the entity's economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they occur, or (c) do not have the right to receive expected residual returns
of the entity if they occur. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE, the enterprise that is deemed to have a variable interest, or combination of variable interests, that provides the
enterprise with a controlling financial interest in the VIE is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE.  

         We
have concluded that under certain circumstances when we (1) enter into option agreements for the purchase of land or facilities from an entity and pay a non-refundable deposit,
or (2) enter into arrangements for the formation of joint ventures, a VIE may be created under condition (i), (ii) (b) or  

 30 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 (c) of
the previous paragraph. For each VIE created, we have performed a qualitative analysis, including considering which party, if any, has the power to direct the activities most significant
to the economic performance of each VIE and whether that party has the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. If we
are determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the assets, liabilities and operations of the VIE are consolidated with our financial statements. As of December 31, 2013, we had no
consolidated VIEs. Additionally, our Operating Partnership has notes payable to three trusts that are VIEs under condition (ii)(a) above. Since the Operating Partnership is not the primary
beneficiary of the trusts, these VIEs are not consolidated.  

          REAL ESTATE ASSETS:     Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Direct and allowable internal costs
associated with the
development, construction, renovation, and improvement of real estate assets are capitalized. Interest, property taxes, and other costs associated with development incurred during the construction
period are capitalized.  

         Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major replacements and betterments that improve or extend the life of the asset are capitalized and
depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the buildings and improvements, which are generally between 5
and 39 years.  

         In
connection with our acquisition of properties, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired based on their fair values, which are
estimated using significant unobservable inputs. The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, is determined as if vacant. Intangible assets, which represent the value of
existing tenant relationships, are recorded at their fair values based on the avoided cost to replace the current leases. We measure the value of tenant relationships based on the rent lost due to the
amount of time required to replace existing customers, which is based on our historical experience with turnover in our facilities. Debt assumed as part of an acquisition is recorded at fair value
based on current interest rates compared to contractual rates. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred.  

         Intangible
lease rights include: (1) purchase price amounts allocated to leases on three properties that cannot be classified as ground or building leases; these rights are
amortized to expense over the term of the leases; and (2) intangibles related to ground leases on five properties where the ground leases were assumed by the Company at rates that were
different than the current market rates for similar leases. The value associated with these assumed leases were recorded as intangibles, which will be amortized over the lease terms.  

          EVALUATION OF ASSET IMPAIRMENT:     Long lived assets held for use are evaluated for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that
there may be
impairment. We review each storage facility at least annually to determine if any such events or circumstances have occurred or exist. We focus on facilities where occupancy and/or rental income have
decreased by a significant amount. For these facilities, we determine whether the decrease is temporary or permanent and whether the facility will likely recover the lost occupancy and/or revenue in
the short term. In addition, we review facilities in the lease-up stage and compare actual operating results to original projections.  

         When
we determine that an event that may indicate impairment has occurred, we compare the carrying value of the related long-lived assets to the undiscounted future net operating cash
flows attributable to the assets. An impairment loss is recorded if the net carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. The
impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the assets.  


         When
real estate assets are identified as held for sale, we discontinue depreciating the assets and estimate the fair value of the assets, net of selling costs. If the estimated fair
values, net of selling costs, of the assets that have been identified for sale are less than the net carrying value of the assets, then a  

 31 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 valuation
allowance is established. The operations of assets held for sale or sold during the period are generally presented as discontinued operations for all periods presented.  

          INVESTMENTS IN REAL ESTATE VENTURES:     Our investments in real estate joint ventures where we have significant influence but not control,
and joint
ventures which are VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  

         Under
the equity method, our investment in real estate ventures is stated at cost and adjusted for our share of net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions. Equity in earnings of
real estate ventures is generally recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate ventures. For the purposes of presentation in the statement of
cash flows, we follow the "look through" approach for classification of distributions from joint ventures. Under this approach, distributions are reported under operating cash flow unless the facts
and circumstances of a specific distribution clearly indicate that it is a return of capital (e.g., a liquidating dividend or distribution of the proceeds from the joint venture's sale of
assets) in which case it is reported as an investing activity.  

         Our
management assesses annually whether there are any indicators that the value of our investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures may be impaired and when events or
circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. An investment is impaired if management's estimate of the fair value of the investment, using significant unobservable inputs, is less than its
carrying value. To the extent impairment has occurred and is considered to be other than temporary, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of
the investment.  

          DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES:     The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use
of the
derivative and the resulting designation. Derivatives used to hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, are
considered fair value hedges. Derivatives used to hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges.  

         For
derivatives designated as fair value hedges, changes in the fair value of the derivative and the hedged item related to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. For derivatives
designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is initially reported in other comprehensive income, outside of earnings and subsequently
reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affects earnings.  


         REVENUE AND EXPENSE RECOGNITION:     Rental revenues are recognized as earned based upon amounts that are currently due from tenants. Leases
are
generally on month-to-month terms. Prepaid rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. Promotional discounts are recognized as a reduction to rental income over the
promotional period. Late charges, administrative fees, merchandise sales and truck rentals are recognized in income when earned. Management fee revenues are recognized monthly as services are
performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. Equity in earnings of real estate entities is recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the
unconsolidated real estate entities. Interest income is recognized as earned.  


         Tenant
reinsurance premiums are recognized as revenue over the period of insurance coverage. We record an unpaid claims liability at the end of each period based on existing unpaid
claims and historical claims payment history. The unpaid claims liability represents an estimate of the ultimate cost to settle all unpaid claims as of each period end, including both reported but
unpaid claims and claims that may have been incurred but have not been reported. We use a third party claims administrator to adjust all tenant reinsurance claims received. The administrator evaluates
each claim to determine the  

 32 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 ultimate
claim loss and includes an estimate for claims that may have been incurred but not reported. Annually, a third party actuary evaluates the adequacy of the unpaid claims liability. Prior year
claim reserves are adjusted as experience develops or new information becomes known. The impact of such adjustments is included in the current period operations. The unpaid claims liability is not
discounted to its present value. Each tenant chooses the amount of insurance coverage they want through the tenant reinsurance program. Tenants can purchase policies in amounts of two thousand dollars
to ten thousand dollars of insurance coverage in exchange for a monthly fee. Our exposure per claim is limited by the maximum amount of coverage chosen by each tenant. We purchase reinsurance for
losses exceeding a set amount on any one event. We do not currently have any amounts recoverable under the reinsurance arrangements.  

         Property
expenses, including utilities, property taxes, repairs and maintenance and other costs to manage the facilities are recognized as incurred. We accrue for property tax expense
based upon invoice amounts, estimates and historical trends. If these estimates are incorrect, the timing of expense recognition could be affected.  


         INCOME TAXES:     We have elected to be treated as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. In order to
maintain our
qualification as a REIT, among other things, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature of our income and
assets. As a REIT, we are not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of our income which meets certain criteria and is distributed annually to our stockholders. We plan to continue
to operate so that we meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. If we were to fail to meet these requirements, we would be
subject to federal income tax. We are subject to certain state and local taxes. Provision for such taxes has been included in income tax expense in our consolidated statements of operations.  

         We
have elected to treat one of our corporate subsidiaries, Extra Space Management, Inc., as a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"). In general, our TRS may perform additional services
for tenants and generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business. A TRS is subject to
corporate federal income tax. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Interest and penalties
relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred.  


  RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

         In February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2013-02 "Comprehensive
Income—Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income," which supersedes and replaces the presentation requirements for reclassifications out of
accumulated other comprehensive income in ASUs 2011-05 and 2011-12. The amendment requires an entity to report the effect of significant reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income
on the respective line items in net income if the amount being reclassified is required under GAAP. For other amounts that are not required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net
income in the same reporting period, an entity is required to cross-reference other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. ASU 2013-02 was effective for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after December 15, 2012. We adopted the amended standard beginning January 1, 2013 and presents accumulated other
comprehensive income in accordance with the requirements of the standard.  

 33 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

  Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2013 to the Year Ended December 31, 2012   

  Overview   

         Results for the year ended December 31, 2013, included the operations of 779 properties (525 of which were consolidated and 254
of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method) compared to the results for the year ended December 31, 2012, which included the operations of 729 properties (449 of
which were consolidated and 280 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method).  


  Revenues   

         The following table presents information on revenues earned for the years indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 $ Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Revenues: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property rental 
   
 $ 
 446,682 
   
 $ 
 346,874 
   
 $ 
 99,808 
   
   
 28.8 
 % 
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 47,317 
   
   
 36,816 
   
   
 10,501 
   
   
 28.5 
 % 
 
 
   Management fees 
   
   
 26,614 
   
   
 25,706 
   
   
 908 
   
   
 3.5 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total revenues 
   
 $ 
 520,613 
   
 $ 
 409,396 
   
 $ 
 111,217 
   
   
 27.2 
 % 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Property Rental —The change in property rental revenues consists primarily of an increase of $75,401 associated with acquisitions completed in 2013 and
2012. We acquired 78 properties during 2013 and 91 properties during 2012. In addition, revenues increased by $21,551 as a result of increases in occupancy and rental rates to existing customers at
our stabilized properties. We have seen no significant increase in overall customer renewal rates; our average length of stay is approximately 12 months. For existing customers we seek to
increase rental rates approximately 7% to 10% at least annually. Occupancy at our stabilized properties increased to 88.0% at December 31, 2013, as compared to 86.3% at December 31,
2012. Rental rates to new tenants increased by approximately 2.7% over the same period in the prior year.  

          Tenant Reinsurance —The increase in tenant reinsurance revenues was partially due to the increase in overall customer participation to approximately
68.7% at December 31, 2013, compared to approximately 67.0% at December 31, 2012. In addition, we operated 1,029 properties at December 31, 2013, compared to 910 properties at
December 31, 2012.  

         Management Fees —Our taxable REIT subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc., manages properties owned by our joint ventures and third parties.
Management fees generally represent 6% of cash collected from properties owned by third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. The Company also earns an asset management fee from the Storage
Portfolio I ("SPI") joint venture, equal to 0.50% multiplied by the total asset value, provided certain conditions are met.  

 34 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

  Expenses   

         The following table presents information on expenses for the years indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 $ Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property operations 
   
 $ 
 140,012 
   
 $ 
 114,028 
   
 $ 
 25,984 
   
   
 22.8 
 % 
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 9,022 
   
   
 7,869 
   
   
 1,153 
   
   
 14.7 
 % 
 
 
   Acquisition related costs 
   
   
 8,618 
   
   
 5,351 
   
   
 3,267 
   
   
 61.1 
 % 
 
 
   General and administrative 
   
   
 54,246 
   
   
 50,454 
   
   
 3,792 
   
   
 7.5 
 % 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 95,232 
   
   
 74,453 
   
   
 20,779 
   
   
 27.9 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total expenses 
   
 $ 
 307,130 
   
 $ 
 252,155 
   
 $ 
 54,975 
   
   
 21.8 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Property Operations —The increase in property operations expense consists primarily of an increase of $24,335 related to acquisitions completed in 2013
and 2012. We acquired 78 properties during the year ended December 31, 2013 and 91 properties during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

          Tenant Reinsurance —Tenant reinsurance expense represents the costs that are incurred to provide tenant reinsurance. The change is due primarily to the
increase in the number of properties we
owned and/or managed. At December 31, 2013, we owned and/or managed 1,029 properties compared to 910 properties at December 31, 2012. In addition, there was an increase in overall
customer participation to approximately 68.7% at December 31, 2013 from approximately 67.0% at December 31, 2012.  

          Acquisition Related Costs —These costs relate to acquisition activities during the periods indicated. The increase for the year ended
December 31, 2013 when compared to the prior year was related primarily to the expense of $2,441 of defeasance reimbursement costs paid to the seller in a property acquisition in December 2013.  


         General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses primarily include all expenses not related to our properties, including corporate
payroll, travel and professional fees. The expenses are recognized as incurred. General and administrative expense increased over the prior year primarily as a result of the costs related to the
management of additional properties. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we acquired 78 properties, 47 of which we did not previously manage. We did not observe any material trends
specific to payroll, travel or other expense that contributed significantly to the increase in general and administrative expenses apart from the increase due to the management of additional
properties.  

         Depreciation and Amortization —Depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the acquisition of new properties. We acquired 78
properties during the year ended December 31, 2013, and 91 properties during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

 35 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

  Other Income and Expenses   

         The following table presents information on other revenues and expenses for the years indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 $ Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Other income and expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Gain on sale of real estate assets 
   
 $ 
 960 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 960 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition 
   
   
 (9,153 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (9,153 
 ) 
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (71,630 
 ) 
   
 (71,850 
 ) 
   
 220 
   
   
 (0.3 
 )% 
 
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 (1,404 
 ) 
   
 (444 
 ) 
   
 (960 
 ) 
   
 216.2 
 % 
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 749 
   
   
 1,816 
   
   
 (1,067 
 ) 
   
 (58.8 
 )% 
 
 
   Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 
   
   
 4,850 
   
   
 4,850 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 11,653 
   
   
 10,859 
   
   
 794 
   
   
 7.3 
 % 
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners'
interests 
   
   
 46,032 
   
   
 30,630 
   
   
 15,402 
   
   
 50.3 
 % 
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 (9,984 
 ) 
   
 (5,413 
 ) 
   
 (4,571 
 ) 
   
 84.4 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other expense, net 
   
 $ 
 (27,927 
 ) 
 $ 
 (29,552 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,625 
   
   
 (5.5 
 )% 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets —The gain on sale of real estate assets recorded for the year ended December 31, 2013 was related to two
transactions: (1) we recorded a gain of $800 as a result of the condemnation of a portion of land in California that resulted from eminent domain, and (2) we recorded a gain of $160 as a
result of the sale of one property in Florida for $3,250 in cash.  

         Loss on Extinguishment of Debt Related to Portfolio Acquisition —The loss on extinguishment of debt occurred as part of a loan assumption and immediate
defeasance upon closing of a portfolio acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2013.  

          Interest Expense —Interest expense remained fairly constant as the increase the total amount of debt outstanding was offset by a decrease in the
average interest rate. At December 31, 2013, our total face value of debt was $1,958,586, compared to total face value of debt of $1,574,280 at December 31, 2012. The average interest
rate was 3.8% as of December 31, 2013, compared to 4.2% as of December 31, 2012.  

          Non-cash Interest Expense Related to Amortization of Discount on Equity Component of Exchangeable Senior Notes —Represents the amortization of the
discount related to the equity component of the exchangeable senior notes issued by our Operating Partnership, which reflects the effective interest rate relative to the carrying amount of the
liability. Our Operating Partnership had
$87,663 of its 3.625% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2027 (the "Notes due 2027") outstanding prior to April 2012, when all of the Notes due 2027 were surrendered for exchange. In June 2013, our
Operating Partnership issued $250,000 of its 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 (the "Notes due 2033").  

          Interest Income —Interest income represents amounts earned on cash and cash equivalents deposited with financial institutions and interest earned on
notes receivable. The decrease relates primarily to the payoff of two note receivables in December 2012 when the related properties were purchased by us.  

 36 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

          Interest Income on Note Receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership Unit Holder  —Represents interest on a $100,000 loan to the holder of the
Operating Partnership's Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units (the "Series A Units").  

          Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures —The increase in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures was due primarily
to an increase in revenues at joint ventures, which resulted from higher occupancy and rental rates to new and existing customers. This increase was partially offset by a slight decrease in equity in
earnings due to the acquisition of our joint venture partners' interests in several joint ventures during 2012 and 2013.  

          Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures—Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets and Purchase of Joint Venture Partners'
Interests —In December 2013, we acquired our partners' equity interest in five joint ventures that each held one self-storage property. Each of these joint venture
partners was associated with with Grupe Properties Co. Inc. ("Grupe"). As a result of these transactions, we recorded non-cash gains of $9,340, which represents the increase in the fair
values of our prior interests in the Grupe joint ventures from their formations to the acquisition dates.  

         On
November 1, 2013, we acquired an additional 49% equity interest from our joint venture partners, which retained a 1% interest in the HSRE-ESP IA, LLC joint venture
("HSRE") that owns 19 properties. This transaction resulted in a non-cash gain of $34,136, which represents the increase in the fair value of our 50% interest in HSRE from the formation of the joint
venture to the acquisition date.  

         In
February 2013, we acquired our partners' equity interests in two joint ventures that each held one self-storage property. As a result of the acquisitions, we recognized non-cash gains
of $2,556, which represents the increase in the fair values of our prior interests in the joint ventures from their formations to the acquisition dates.  

         In
December 2012, two joint ventures in which we held a 20% equity interest, each sold its only self-storage property. As a result of the sales, the joint ventures were dissolved, and we
received cash proceeds which resulted in a gain of $1,409.  

         On
November 30, 2012, we acquired our joint venture partner's 80% interest in the Storage Portfolio Bravo II LLC joint venture ("SPB II"). This transaction resulted in a
non-cash gain of $10,171, which represents the increase in fair value of our 20% interest in SPB II from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.  

         On
July 2, 2012, we acquired Prudential Real Estate Investors' ("PREI®") 94.9% interest in the ESS PRISA III LLC joint venture ("PRISA III"). This transaction
resulted in a non-cash gain of $13,499, which represents the increase in fair value of our 5.1% interest in PRISA III from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.  


         In
February 2012, a joint venture in which we held a 40% equity interest sold its only self-storage property. As a result of the sale, the joint venture was dissolved, and we received
cash proceeds which resulted in a gain of $5,550.  

          Income Tax Expense —The increase in income tax expense relates primarily to increased tenant reinsurance income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiary
and lower solar tax credits when compared to the prior year.  

 37 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Net Income Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests   


         The following table presents information on net income allocated to noncontrolling interests for the years indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 $ Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests 
   
 $ 
 (8,006 
 ) 
 $ 
 (6,876 
 ) 
 $ 
 (1,130 
 ) 
   
 16.4 
 % 
 
 
   Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (5,474 
 ) 
   
 (3,504 
 ) 
   
 (1,970 
 ) 
   
 56.2 
 % 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total income allocated to noncontrolling interests:           
   
 $ 
 (13,480 
 ) 
 $ 
 (10,380 
 ) 
 $ 
 (3,100 
 ) 
   
 29.9 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Net Income Allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership Noncontrolling Interests —In December 2013, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our Operating
Partnership issued 407,996 Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units ("Series C Units"). The Series C Units have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit. From issuance until
the fifth anniversary of issuance, the Series C Units receive distributions at an annual rate of $0.18 plus the then-payable quarterly distribution per common OP Unit.  


         During
August and September 2013, as part of a portfolio acquisition, our Operating Partnership issued 1,342,727 Series B Redeemable Preferred Units ("Series B Units"). The
Series B Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit and receive distributions at an annual rate of 6%.  

         Income
allocated to the Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests for the year ended December 31, 2013 represents the fixed distributions paid to the holders of the
Series A Units, Series B Units, and Series C Units plus approximately 0.9% of the remaining net income allocated after adjustment for the fixed distribution paid.  


         For
the year ended December 31, 2012, income allocated to the Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interest equals the fixed distribution paid to the Series A
Unit holder, plus approximately 0.9% of the remaining net income allocated after the adjustment for the fixed distribution paid. The increase in the percentage was primarily a result of the issuance
of the Series B Units and Series C Units as noted above.  

          Net Income Allocated to Operating Partnership and Other Noncontrolling Interests  —Income allocated to the Operating Partnership represents
approximately 3.6% and 2.9% of net income after the allocation of the fixed distribution paid to the Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively.  

  Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2012 to the Year Ended December 31, 2011   

  Overview   

         Results for the year ended December 31, 2012, included the operations of 729 properties (449 of which were consolidated and 280
of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method) compared to the results for the year ended December 31, 2011, which included the operations of 697 properties (357 of
which were consolidated and 340 of which were in joint ventures accounted for using the equity method).  

 38 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

  Revenues   

         The following table presents information on revenues earned for the years indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 $ Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Revenues: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property rental 
   
 $ 
 346,874 
   
 $ 
 268,725 
   
 $ 
 78,149 
   
   
 29.1 
 % 
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 36,816 
   
   
 31,181 
   
   
 5,635 
   
   
 18.1 
 % 
 
 
   Management fees 
   
   
 25,706 
   
   
 29,924 
   
   
 (4,218 
 ) 
   
  (14.1 
 )% 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total revenues 
   
 $ 
 409,396 
   
 $ 
 329,830 
   
 $ 
 79,566 
   
   
 24.1 
 % 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Property Rental —The increase in property rental revenues consists primarily of an increase of $56,777 associated with acquisitions completed in 2012
and 2011. We completed the acquisition of 91 properties during 2012 and 55 properties during 2011. In addition, revenues increased by $15,493 as a result of increases in occupancy and rental
rates to existing customers at our stabilized properties. Occupancy at our stabilized properties increased to 87.8% at December 31, 2012, as compared to 85.8% at December 31, 2011.
Rental rates to new tenants increased by approximately 4.1% in 2012 over the same period in 2011. Finally, revenues at our lease-up properties increased by $5,879 in 2012 as compared to 2011, as a
result of increased occupancy.  

          Tenant Reinsurance —The increase in tenant reinsurance revenues was partially due to the increase in overall customer participation to 67% at
December 31, 2012, compared to approximately 63% at December 31, 2011. In addition, we operated 910 properties at December 31, 2012, compared to 882 at December 31, 2011.  

          Management Fees —Our taxable REIT subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc., manages properties owned by our joint ventures and third parties.
Management fees generally represent 6% of cash collected from properties owned by third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. We also earn an asset management fee from the Storage Portfolio I
("SPI") joint venture, equal to 0.50% of the total asset value, provided certain conditions are met.  

         During
2011, it was discovered that the asset management fee owed to us by the SPI joint venture had not been recorded by either party for the five-year period ended December 31,
2010. The annual asset management fee for this period was $885. After determining that the amounts were not material either in the prior periods or the year ended December 31, 2011 for
restatement purposes, $4,425 of asset management fees earned during the five-year period ended December 31, 2010, was recorded in the year ended December 31, 2011. There were no such
adjustments made during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

 39 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

  Expenses   

         The following table presents information on expenses for the years indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 $ Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property operations 
   
 $ 
 114,028 
   
 $ 
 95,481 
   
 $ 
 18,547 
   
   
 19.4 
 % 
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 7,869 
   
   
 6,143 
   
   
 1,726 
   
   
 28.1 
 % 
 
 
   Acquisition related costs 
   
   
 5,351 
   
   
 2,896 
   
   
 2,455 
   
   
 84.8 
 % 
 
 
   Severance costs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,137 
   
   
 (2,137 
 ) 
   
  (100.0 
 )% 
 
 
   General and administrative 
   
   
 50,454 
   
   
 49,683 
   
   
 771 
   
   
 1.6 
 % 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 74,453 
   
   
 58,014 
   
   
 16,439 
   
   
 28.3 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total expenses 
   
 $ 
 252,155 
   
 $ 
 214,354 
   
 $ 
 37,801 
   
   
 17.6 
 % 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Property Operations —The increase in property operations expense consists primarily of an increase of $18,375 related to acquisitions completed in 2012
and 2011. We completed the
acquisition of 91 properties during the year ended December 31, 2012 and 55 properties during the year ended December 31, 2011.  

          Tenant Reinsurance —Tenant reinsurance expense represents the costs that are incurred to provide tenant reinsurance. The increase is due primarily to
approximately $1,000 of claims related to Superstorm Sandy which affected sites in the northeastern United States in October 2012.  

          Acquisition Related Costs —These costs relate to acquisition activities during the periods indicated. The increases were related to increased
acquisition activity when compared to the prior year. During 2012, we acquired 91 properties, compared to 55 properties during the year ended December 31, 2011.  

          Severance Costs —The severance costs recorded during the year ended December 31, 2011, relate to severance granted to our former Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer, Kent Christensen, who left the Company on December 7, 2011. There were no severance costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

          General and Administrative —General and administrative expenses primarily include all expenses not related to our properties, including corporate
payroll, travel and professional fees. The expenses are recognized as incurred. General and administrative expenses increased over the prior year primarily as a result of costs related to the
management of additional properties. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we purchased 91 properties, 31 of which we did not previously manage. We did not observe any material trends
specific to payroll, travel or other expenses that contributed significantly to the increase in general and administrative expenses apart from the increase due to the management of additional
properties. Also included in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2011, is an expense of $1,800 related to litigation matters. There were no such expenses
incurred during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

          Depreciation and Amortization —Depreciation and amortization expense increased as a result of the acquisition and development of new properties. We
acquired 91 properties and completed the development of one property during the year ended December 31, 2012.  

 40 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Other Income and Expenses   

         The following table presents information on other revenues and expenses for the years indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 $ Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Other income and expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
 $ 
 (71,850 
 ) 
 $ 
 (67,301 
 ) 
 $ 
 (4,549 
 ) 
   
 6.8 
 % 
 
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior
notes               
   
   
 (444 
 ) 
   
 (1,761 
 ) 
   
 1,317 
   
   
  (74.8 
 )% 
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 1,816 
   
   
 1,027 
   
   
 789 
   
   
 76.8 
 % 
 
 
   Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 
   
   
 4,850 
   
   
 4,850 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 10,859 
   
   
 7,287 
   
   
 3,572 
   
   
 49.0 
 % 
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners'
interests 
   
   
 30,630 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 30,630 
   
   
 100.0 
 % 
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 (5,413 
 ) 
   
 (1,155 
 ) 
   
 (4,258 
 ) 
   
 368.7 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total other expense, net 
   
 $ 
 (29,552 
 ) 
 $ 
 (57,053 
 ) 
 $ 
 27,501 
   
   
  (48.2 
 )% 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Interest Expense —The increase in interest expense was primarily the result of an increase in the total amount of debt outstanding. At
December 31, 2012, our total face value of debt was $1,574,280, compared to total face value of debt of $1,359,254 at December 31, 2011. The increase was partially offset by lower
average interest rates of 4.2% as of December 31, 2012, compared to 4.7% as of December 31, 2011.  


         Non-cash Interest Expense Related to Amortization of Discount on Equity Component of Exchangeable Senior Notes —Represents the amortization of the
discount on the Notes due 2027, which reflects the effective interest rate relative to the carrying amount of the liability. All of the outstanding Notes due 2027 were surrendered for exchange in
April 2012.  

          Interest Income —Interest income represents amounts earned on cash and cash equivalents deposited with financial institutions. The increase in interest
income is due to higher average cash balances during the year ended December 31, 2012, primarily as a result of the cash proceeds received from stock offerings completed in April 2012 and
November 2012.  

          Interest Income on Note Receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership Unit Holder  —Represents interest on a $100,000 loan to the holder of the
Series A Units.  

          Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures —The increase in equity in earnings of real estate ventures was due primarily to an increase
in revenues at joint ventures, which resulted from higher occupancy and rental rates to new and existing customers. This increase was partially offset by a slight decrease in equity in earnings due to
the acquisition of our joint venture partners' interests in two joint ventures in July 2012 and November 2012.  

         During
2011, there was an increase of approximately $1,100 in equity in earnings as a result of the asset management fee expense recorded by the SPI joint venture in the prior year.
During 2011, it was discovered that the asset management fee owed to us by the SPI joint venture had not been recorded by either party for the five-year period ended December 31, 2010. The
annual asset management fee for
this period was $885, offset by an annual reduction of $221 of equity in earnings of SPI. The total prior period adjustment for the years 2006 through 2010 that was recorded during the year ended  

 41 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 December 31,
2011, increased asset management fee revenues by $4,425 and decreased equity in earnings by $1,106. There were no similar adjustments made during the year ended December 31,
2012.  

         Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures—Gain on Sale of Real Estate Assets and Purchase of Joint Venture Partners'
Interests —In December 2012, two joint ventures in which we held a 20.0% equity interest, each sold its only self-storage property. As a result of the sales, the
joint ventures were dissolved, and we received cash proceeds which resulted in a gain of $1,409.  

         On
November 30, 2012, we acquired our joint venture partner's 80.0% interest in SPB II. This transaction resulted in a non-cash gain of $10,171, which represents the increase in
fair value of our 20.0% interest in SPB II from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.  


         On
July 2, 2012, we acquired PREI's 94.9% interest in PRISA III. This transaction resulted in a non-cash gain of $13,499, which represents the increase in fair value of our 5.1%
interest in PRISA III from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.  

         In
February 2012, a joint venture in which we held a 40% equity interest sold its only self-storage property. As a result of the sale, the joint venture was dissolved, and we received
cash proceeds which resulted in a gain of $5,550.  


         Income Tax Expense —The increase in income tax expense relates primarily to increased tenant reinsurance income earned by our taxable REIT subsidiary.
 

  Net Income Allocated to Noncontrolling Interests   


         The following table presents information on net income allocated to noncontrolling interests for the years indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 $ Change  
   
 % Change  
   
 
 
   Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests 
   
 $ 
 (6,876 
 ) 
 $ 
 (6,289 
 ) 
 $ 
 (587 
 ) 
   
 9.3 
 % 
 
 
   Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (3,504 
 ) 
   
 (1,685 
 ) 
   
 (1,819 
 ) 
   
 108.0 
 % 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total income allocated to noncontrolling interests: 
   
 $ 
 (10,380 
 ) 
 $ 
 (7,974 
 ) 
 $ 
 (2,406 
 ) 
   
 30.2 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
           Net Income Allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership Noncontrolling Interests  —Income allocated to the Preferred Operating Partnership
noncontrolling interest equals the fixed distribution paid to the Series A Units holder plus approximately 0.9% and 1.0% of the remaining net income allocated after the adjustment for the fixed
distribution paid for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The amount allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests was higher in 2012 when compared
to 2011, as a result of an increase in net income.  

          Net Income Allocated to Operating Partnership and Other Noncontrolling Interests  —Income allocated to the Operating Partnership represents
approximately 2.9% and 3.2% of net income after the allocation of the fixed distribution paid to the Series A Units holder for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

 42 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

  FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS   

         FFO provides relevant and meaningful information about our operating performance that is necessary, along with net income and cash
flows, for an understanding of our operating results. We believe FFO is a meaningful disclosure as a supplement to net earnings. Net earnings assume that the values of real estate assets diminish
predictably over time as reflected through depreciation and amortization expenses. The values of real estate assets fluctuate due to market conditions and we believe FFO more accurately reflects the
value of our real estate assets. FFO is defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. ("NAREIT") as net income computed in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP"), excluding gains or losses on sales of operating properties and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate assets, plus depreciation and amortization and after
adjustments to record unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures on the same basis. We believe that to further understand our performance, FFO should be considered along with the reported net
income and cash flows in accordance with GAAP, as presented in the consolidated financial statements.  


         The
computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or that
interpret the current NAREIT definition differently. FFO does not represent cash generated from
operating activities determined in accordance with GAAP, and should not be considered as an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance, as an alternative to net cash flow from
operating activities as a measure of our liquidity, or as an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions.  

         The
following table presents the calculation of FFO for the periods indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 172,076 
   
 $ 
 117,309 
   
 $ 
 50,449 
   
 
 
   Adjustments: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Real estate depreciation 
   
   
 78,943 
   
   
 64,301 
   
   
 52,647 
   
 
 
   Amortization of intangibles 
   
   
 11,463 
   
   
 6,763 
   
   
 2,375 
   
 
 
   Gain on sale of real estate assets 
   
   
 (960 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 5,676 
   
   
 7,014 
   
   
 7,931 
   
 
 
   Unconsolidated joint venture gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of partners' interests 
   
   
 (46,032 
 ) 
   
 (30,630 
 ) 
   
 185 
   
 
 
   Distributions paid on Series A Preferred Operating Partnership units 
   
   
 (5,750 
 ) 
   
 (5,750 
 ) 
   
 (5,750 
 ) 
 
 
   Income allocated to Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests           
   
   
 13,431 
   
   
 10,349 
   
   
 7,978 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Funds from operations 
   
 $ 
 228,847 
   
 $ 
 169,356 
   
 $ 
 115,815 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   SAME-STORE STABILIZED PROPERTY RESULTS   

         We consider our same-store stabilized portfolio to consist of only those properties which were wholly-owned at the beginning and at the
end of the applicable periods presented that had achieved stabilization as of the first day of such period. The following tables present
operating data for our same-store portfolio. We consider the following same-store presentation to be meaningful in regards to  

 43 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 


 the
properties shown below because these results provide information relating to property level operating changes without the effects of acquisitions or completed developments.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Three Months 
Ended December 31,  
   
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Percent 
Change  
   
 Percent 
Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
   
 $ 
 88,056 
   
 $ 
 82,603 
   
   
 6.6 
 % 
 $ 
 345,825 
   
 $ 
 321,962 
   
   
 7.4 
 % 
 
 
   Same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
   
   
 26,071 
   
   
 25,704 
   
   
 1.4 
 % 
   
 104,377 
   
   
 102,379 
   
   
 2.0 
 % 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Same-store net operating income 
   
 $ 
 61,985 
   
 $ 
 56,899 
   
   
 8.9 
 % 
 $ 
 241,448 
   
 $ 
 219,583 
   
   
 10.0 
 % 
 
 
   Non same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
   
 $ 
 
47,174 
   
 $ 
 
24,834 
   
   
 
90.0 
 % 
 $ 
 
148,174 
   
 $ 
 
61,728 
   
   
 
140.0 
 % 
 
 
   Non same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
   
 $ 
 13,703 
   
 $ 
 8,819 
   
   
 55.4 
 % 
 $ 
 44,657 
   
 $ 
 19,518 
   
   
 128.8 
 % 
 
 
   Total rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
   
 $ 
 
135,230 
   
 $ 
 
107,437 
   
   
 
25.9 
 % 
 $ 
 
493,999 
   
 $ 
 
383,690 
   
   
 
28.7 
 % 
 
 
   Total operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
   
 $ 
 39,774 
   
 $ 
 34,523 
   
   
 15.2 
 % 
 $ 
 149,034 
   
 $ 
 121,897 
   
   
 22.3 
 % 
 
 
   Same-store square foot occupancy as of quarter end 
   
   
 
89.2 
 % 
   
 
87.9 
 % 
   
   
   
   
 
89.2 
 % 
   
 
87.9 
 % 
   
   
   
 
 
   Properties included in same-store 
   
   
 
344 
   
   
 
344 
   
   
   
   
   
 
344 
   
   
 
344 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Three Months 
Ended December 31,  
   
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Percent 
Change  
   
 Percent 
Change  
   
 
 
   
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
   
 $ 
 70,751 
   
 $ 
 66,433 
   
   
 6.5 
 % 
 $ 
 276,811 
   
 $ 
 259,733 
   
   
 6.6 
 % 
 
 
   Same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
   
   
 21,698 
   
   
 21,208 
   
   
 2.3 
 % 
   
 86,414 
   
   
 86,953 
   
   
  (0.6 
 )% 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Same-store net operating income 
   
 $ 
 49,053 
   
 $ 
 45,225 
   
   
 8.5 
 % 
 $ 
 190,397 
   
 $ 
 172,780 
   
   
 10.2 
 % 
 
 
   Non same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
   
 $ 
 
36,686 
   
 $ 
 
15,319 
   
   
 
139.5 
 % 
 $ 
 
106,879 
   
 $ 
 
40,173 
   
   
 
166.0 
 % 
 
 
   Non same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
   
 $ 
 12,825 
   
 $ 
 5,497 
   
   
 133.3 
 % 
 $ 
 35,483 
   
 $ 
 14,671 
   
   
 141.9 
 % 
 
 
   Total rental and tenant reinsurance revenues 
   
 $ 
 
107,437 
   
 $ 
 
81,752 
   
   
 
31.4 
 % 
 $ 
 
383,690 
   
 $ 
 
299,906 
   
   
 
27.9 
 % 
 
 
   Total operating and tenant reinsurance expenses 
   
 $ 
 34,523 
   
 $ 
 26,705 
   
   
 29.3 
 % 
 $ 
 121,897 
   
 $ 
 101,624 
   
   
 19.9 
 % 
 
 
   Same-store square foot occupancy as of quarter end 
   
   
 
88.6 
 % 
   
 
86.9 
 % 
   
   
   
   
 
88.6 
 % 
   
 
86.9 
 % 
   
   
   
 
 
   Properties included in same-store 
   
   
 282 
   
   
 282 
   
   
   
   
   
 282 
   
   
 282 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2013 to the Year Ended December 31, 2012   

         The increases in same-store rental and tenant reinsurance revenues for the three months and year ended December 31, 2013, as
compared to the same periods ended December 31, 2012, were due primarily to an increase in average occupancy, a decrease in discounts to new customers, and an  

 44 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 average
increase of 2.0% to 4.0% in incoming rates to new tenants. The increases in same-store operating and tenant reinsurance expenses for the three months and year ended December 31, 2013
were primarily due to increases in payroll, property taxes and repairs and maintenance expenses.  

  Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2012 to the Year Ended December 31, 2011   


         The increase in same-store rental revenues was primarily due to increases in occupancy and rental rates to both incoming and existing
customers, and to decreases in discounts to new customers. The decreases in same-store operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2012 were primarily due to decreases in utilities and
office expenses. These decreases were partially offset by increased expenses as a result of Superstorm Sandy and higher property taxes.  

  CASH FLOWS   

  Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2013 to the Year Ended December 31, 2012   


         Cash provided by operating activities were $271,259 and $215,879 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
The change when compared to the prior year was primarily due to a $57,867 increase in net income. There was also an increase in depreciation and amortization of $20,779 and an increase of $9,153 in
loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition. These increases were partially offset by an increase in the non-cash gain on the purchase of joint venture partners' interests of
$22,362.  

         Cash
used in investing activities was $366,976 and $606,938 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The change was primarily the result of a decrease of
$249,061 in the amount of cash used to acquire new properties in 2013 when compared to 2012.  


         Cash
provided by financing activities was $191,655 and $395,360 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The net decrease was due to a number of factors,
including a decrease of $223,600 in the cash proceeds received from the sale of common stock, a decrease of $492,078 in the proceeds from notes payable and lines of credit, and an increase in cash
paid for dividends of $74,727. These decreases in cash were partially offset by an increase of $246,250 in proceeds received from the issuance of the Notes due 2033, a decrease of $257,459 in cash
paid for principal payments on notes payable and lines of credit, including defeasance, and an increase of $87,663 in cash paid to repurchase the Notes due 2027.  


  Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2012 to the Year Ended December 31, 2011   

         Cash provided by operating activities was $215,879 and $144,164 for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
The increase when compared to the prior year was primarily due to a $69,266 increase in net income. There was also an increase in depreciation and amortization of $16,439 and an increase of $16,073 in
cash received from affiliated joint ventures and related parties in 2012 when compared to 2011. These increases were partially offset by a $23,670 non-cash gain on the purchase of joint venture
partners' interests.  

         Cash
used in investing activities was $606,938 and $251,919 for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The increase in 2012 was primarily the result of $406,768
more cash being used to acquire new properties in 2012 compared to 2011. This increase was partially offset by a decrease of $42,265 in the amount paid to purchase notes receivable.  

         Cash
provided by financing activities was $395,360 and $87,489 for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The increase in cash provided was the result of an
increase of $317,239 in the net cash proceeds generated from the sale of common stock in 2012 compared to 2011, along with an increase of $598,776 in cash proceeds received from notes payable and
lines of credit in 2012 when compared to 2011. These increases of cash were partially offset by the increase of $469,484 of cash  

 45 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 used
for principal repayments on notes payable and lines of credit during 2012 when compared to 2011, the use of $87,663 of cash to repurchase the Notes due 2027 in 2012, compared to $0 in 2011, and
the increase of $36,260 of dividends paid on common stock in 2012, compared to 2011.  

  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   

         As of December 31, 2013, we had $126,723 available in cash and cash equivalents. We intend to use this cash for acquisitions, to
repay debt scheduled to mature in 2014 and for general corporate purposes. We are required to distribute at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding net capital gains, to our stockholders on an
annual basis to maintain our qualification as a REIT.  

         Our
cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts managed by third party financial institutions and consist of invested cash and cash in our operating accounts. During 2013, we
experienced no loss or lack of access to our cash or cash equivalents; however, there can be no assurance that access to our cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the
financial markets.  

         The
following table presents information on our lines of credit for the period presented. All of our lines of credit are guaranteed by us and secured by mortgages on certain real estate
assets.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Line of Credit

 

  
   
 Amount 
Drawn  
   
 Capacity  
   
 Interest 
Rate  
   
 Origination 
Date  
   
 Maturity  
   
 Basis Rate  
   
 Notes  
   
 
 
   Credit Line 1 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 75,000 
   
   
 2.07 
 % 
 2/13/2009 
   
 5/13/2014 
   
 LIBOR plus 1.90% 
   
   
   
 (1) 
 
 
   Credit Line 2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 85,000 
   
   
 2.07 
 % 
 6/4/2010 
   
 6/3/2016 
   
 LIBOR plus 1.90% 
   
   
   
 (2) 
 
 
   Credit Line 3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 40,000 
   
   
 2.37 
 % 
 11/16/2010 
   
 2/13/2017 
   
 LIBOR plus 2.20% 
   
   
   
 (3)(4) 
 
 
   Credit Line 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 80,000 
   
   
 1.87 
 % 
 4/29/2011 
   
 11/18/2016 
   
 LIBOR plus 1.70% 
   
   
   
 (4) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 280,000 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) One
year extension available
 (2) One
two-year extension available
 (3) Amended
February 13, 2014 to extend the maturity date to February 13, 2017, increase the capacity to $50,000 and lower the interest rate to
Libor plus 1.75%.
 (4) Two
one-year extensions available   
  
          As
of December 31, 2013, we had $1,958,186 face value of debt, resulting in a debt to total capitalization ratio of 27.5%. As of December 31, 2013, the ratio of total fixed
rate debt and other instruments to total debt was 82.7% (including $857,966 on which we have interest rate swaps that have been included as fixed-rate debt). The weighted average interest rate of the
total of fixed and variable rate debt at December 31, 2012 was 3.8%. Certain of our real estate assets are pledged as collateral for our debt. We are subject to certain restrictive covenants
relating to our outstanding debt. We were in compliance with all financial covenants at December 31, 2013.  

         We
expect to fund our short-term liquidity requirements, including operating expenses, recurring capital expenditures, dividends to stockholders, distributions to holders of OP Units and
interest on our outstanding indebtedness out of our operating cash flow, cash on hand and borrowings under our Credit Lines. In addition, we are pursuing additional term loans secured by unencumbered
properties.  

         Our
liquidity needs consist primarily of cash distributions to stockholders, property acquisitions, principal payments under our borrowings and non-recurring capital expenditures. We may
from time to time seek to repurchase our outstanding debt, shares of common stock or other securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if
any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors.  

 46 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 In
addition, we evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of strategic acquisitions and other relationships, which may require us to raise additional funds. We do not expect that our operating cash
flow will be sufficient to fund our liquidity needs and instead expect to fund such needs out of additional borrowings of secured or unsecured indebtedness, joint ventures with third parties, and from
the proceeds of public and private offerings of equity and debt. Additional capital may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. Any additional issuance of equity or equity-linked
securities may result in dilution to our stockholders. In addition, any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of our common stock. We may also use OP
Units as currency to fund acquisitions from self-storage owners who desire tax-deferral in their exiting transactions.  

  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

         Except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, we do not currently have any relationships with unconsolidated entities
or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purposes entities, which typically are established for
the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. Further, except as disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, we have not
guaranteed any obligations of unconsolidated entities nor do we have any commitments or intent to provide funding to any such entities. Accordingly, we are not materially exposed to any financing,
liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in these relationships.  

  CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS   


         The following table presents information on future payments due by period as of December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Payments due by Period:  
   
 
 
   
   
 Total  
   
 Less Than 
1 Year  
   
 1 - 3 Years  
   
 3 - 5 Years  
   
 After 
5 Years  
   
 
 
   Operating leases 
   
 $ 
 69,857 
   
 $ 
 7,806 
   
 $ 
 10,255 
   
 $ 
 5,934 
   
 $ 
 45,862 
   
 
 
   Notes payable, notes payable to trusts and lines of credit 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest 
   
   
 401,949 
   
   
 73,593 
   
   
 122,404 
   
   
 75,633 
   
   
 130,319 
   
 
 
   Principal 
   
   
 1,958,186 
   
   
 29,004 
   
   
 413,747 
   
   
 810,009 
   
   
 705,426 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total contractual obligations 
   
 $ 
 2,429,992 
   
 $ 
 110,403 
   
 $ 
 546,406 
   
 $ 
 891,576 
   
 $ 
 881,607 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
operating leases above include minimum future lease payments on leases for 18 of our operating properties as well as leases of our corporate offices. Two ground leases include
additional contingent rental payments based on the level of revenue achieved at the property.  

         As
of December 31, 2013, the weighted average interest rate for all fixed rate loans was 4.1%, and the weighted average interest rate on all variable rate loans was 2.1%.  


  FINANCING STRATEGY   

         We will continue to employ leverage in our capital structure in amounts reviewed from time to time by our board of directors. Although
our board of directors has not adopted a policy which limits the total amount of indebtedness that we may incur, we will consider a number of factors in evaluating our level of indebtedness from time
to time, as well as the amount of such indebtedness that will be  

 47 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 either
fixed or variable rate. In making financing decisions, we will consider factors including but not limited to: 

 
 
 • the interest rate of the proposed financing;  
 • the extent to which the financing impacts flexibility in managing our properties;    
 • prepayment penalties and restrictions on refinancing;  
 • the purchase price of properties acquired with debt financing;  
 • long-term objectives with respect to the financing;  
 • target investment returns;  
 • the ability of particular properties, and our Company as a whole, to generate cash flow sufficient to cover expected debt
service payments;  
 • overall level of consolidated indebtedness;  
 • timing of debt and lease maturities;  
 • provisions that require recourse and cross-collateralization;  
 • corporate credit ratios including debt service coverage, debt to total capitalization and debt to undepreciated assets;
and  
 • the overall ratio of fixed and variable rate debt.  
 

         Our
indebtedness may be recourse, non-recourse or cross-collateralized. If the indebtedness is non-recourse, the collateral will be limited to the particular properties to which the
indebtedness relates. In addition, we may invest in properties subject to existing loans collateralized by mortgages or similar liens on our properties, or may refinance properties acquired on a
leveraged basis. We may use the proceeds from any borrowings to refinance existing indebtedness, to refinance investments, including the redevelopment of existing properties, for general working
capital or to purchase additional interests in partnerships or joint ventures or for other purposes when we believe it is advisable.  


         We
may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt, as well as shares of common stock or other securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated
transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be
material.  

  SEASONALITY   

         The self-storage business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. A greater portion of revenues and profits are realized from May through
September. Historically, our highest level of occupancy has been at the end of July, while our lowest level of occupancy has been in late February and early March. Results for any quarter may not be
indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year.   

   
       Item 7a.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk          

  Market Risk   


         Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Our future income, cash flows and fair
values of financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates.  

 48 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

  Interest Rate Risk   


         Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international
economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control.  

         As
of December 31, 2013, we had approximately $1,958,186 in total face value debt, of which approximately $339,302 was subject to variable interest rates (excluding debt with
interest rate swaps). If LIBOR were to increase or decrease by 100 basis points, the increase or decrease in interest expense on the variable rate debt (excluding variable rate debt with interest rate
floors) would increase or decrease future earnings and cash flows by approximately $3,000 annually.  


         Interest
rate risk amounts were determined by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change
in overall economic activity that could occur. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty
of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure.  

 49 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

       Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data          

       EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC.   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   AND SCHEDULES          

 
   
  
 

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
   
  51 
 
 
   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
   
  52 
 
 
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
   
  53 
 
 
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
   
  54 
 
 
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
   
  55 
 
 
   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
   
  58 
 
 
   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  59 
 
 
   SCHEDULE III 
   
  106 
 
 
 
 

 

   
  
          All
other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information
required is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.  

 50 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm          

 To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Extra Space Storage Inc.  


         We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Extra Space Storage Inc. ("the Company") as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule listed in the index at Item 8. These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.  

         We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2013 and
2012 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material
respects the information set forth therein.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992
Framework) and our report dated March 3, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

 /s/
Ernst & Young LLP  

 Salt
Lake City, Utah 
March 3, 2014  

 51 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       Extra Space Storage Inc.              Consolidated Balance Sheets              (dollars in thousands, except share data)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 
2013  
   
 December 31, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Real estate assets, net 
   
 $ 
 3,636,544 
   
 $ 
 2,991,722 
   
 
 
   Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 
88,125 
   
   
 
106,313 
   
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 126,723 
   
   
 30,785 
   
 
 
   Restricted cash 
   
   
 21,451 
   
   
 16,976 
   
 
 
   Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 7,542 
   
   
 11,078 
   
 
 
   Other assets, net 
   
   
 96,755 
   
   
 66,603 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 3,977,140 
   
 $ 
 3,223,477 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities, Noncontrolling Interests and Equity: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Notes payable 
   
 $ 
 1,588,596 
   
 $ 
 1,369,690 
   
 
 
   Premium on notes payable 
   
   
 4,948 
   
   
 3,319 
   
 
 
   Exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 250,000 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Discount on exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 (16,487 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Notes payable to trusts 
   
   
 119,590 
   
   
 119,590 
   
 
 
   Lines of credit 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 85,000 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
   
 60,601 
   
   
 52,299 
   
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 37,997 
   
   
 48,248 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 2,045,245 
   
   
 1,678,146 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling Interests and Equity: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Extra Space Storage Inc. stockholders' equity: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Common stock, $0.01 par value, 300,000,000 shares authorized, 115,755,527 and 110,737,205 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2013, and
December 31, 2012, respectively 
   
   
 1,157 
   
   
 1,107 
   
 
 
   Paid-in capital 
   
   
 1,973,159 
   
   
 1,740,037 
   
 
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (deficit) 
   
   
 10,156 
   
   
 (14,273 
 ) 
 
 
   Accumulated deficit 
   
   
 (226,002 
 ) 
   
 (235,064 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Extra Space Storage Inc. stockholders' equity 
   
   
 1,758,470 
   
   
 1,491,807 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interest represented by Preferred Operating Partnership units, net of $100,000 note receivable 
   
   
 80,947 
   
   
 29,918 
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 
   
   
 91,453 
   
   
 22,492 
   
 
 
   Other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 1,025 
   
   
 1,114 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total noncontrolling interests and equity 
   
   
 1,931,895 
   
   
 1,545,331 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total liabilities, noncontrolling interests and equity 
   
 $ 
 3,977,140 
   
 $ 
 3,223,477 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes.  

 52 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       Extra Space Storage Inc.              Consolidated Statements of Operations              (dollars in thousands, except share data)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Revenues: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property rental 
   
 $ 
 446,682 
   
 $ 
 346,874 
   
 $ 
 268,725 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 47,317 
   
   
 36,816 
   
   
 31,181 
   
 
 
   Management fees 
   
   
 26,614 
   
   
 25,706 
   
   
 29,924 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total revenues 
   
   
 520,613 
   
   
 409,396 
   
   
 329,830 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Expenses: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property operations 
   
   
 140,012 
   
   
 114,028 
   
   
 95,481 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 9,022 
   
   
 7,869 
   
   
 6,143 
   
 
 
   Acquisition related costs 
   
   
 8,618 
   
   
 5,351 
   
   
 2,896 
   
 
 
   Severance costs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,137 
   
 
 
   General and administrative 
   
   
 54,246 
   
   
 50,454 
   
   
 49,683 
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 95,232 
   
   
 74,453 
   
   
 58,014 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total expenses 
   
   
 307,130 
   
   
 252,155 
   
   
 214,354 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income from operations 
   
   
 213,483 
   
   
 157,241 
   
   
 115,476 
   
 
 
   Gain on sale of real estate assets 
   
   
 
960 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition 
   
   
 (9,153 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
 (71,630 
 ) 
   
 (71,850 
 ) 
   
 (67,301 
 ) 
 
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 (1,404 
 ) 
   
 (444 
 ) 
   
 (1,761 
 ) 
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
 749 
   
   
 1,816 
   
   
 1,027 
   
 
 
   Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 
   
   
 4,850 
   
   
 4,850 
   
   
 4,850 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income before equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures and income tax expense 
   
   
 137,855 
   
   
 91,613 
   
   
 52,291 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 
11,653 
   
   
 
10,859 
   
   
 
7,287 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures—gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners'
interests 
   
   
 
46,032 
   
   
 
30,630 
   
   
 
— 
   
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
 (9,984 
 ) 
   
 (5,413 
 ) 
   
 (1,155 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 185,556 
   
   
 127,689 
   
   
 58,423 
   
 
 
   Net income allocated to Preferred Operating Partnership noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (8,006 
 ) 
   
 (6,876 
 ) 
   
 (6,289 
 ) 
 
 
   Net income allocated to Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (5,474 
 ) 
   
 (3,504 
 ) 
   
 (1,685 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 172,076 
   
 $ 
 117,309 
   
 $ 
 50,449 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 1.54 
   
 $ 
 1.15 
   
 $ 
 0.55 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 1.53 
   
 $ 
 1.14 
   
 $ 
 0.54 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted average number of shares 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
   
 111,349,361 
   
   
 101,766,385 
   
   
 91,301,265 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
   
 113,105,094 
   
   
 103,767,365 
   
   
 93,633,573 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes.  

 53 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       Extra Space Storage Inc.              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income              (dollars in thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 185,556 
   
 $ 
 127,689 
   
 $ 
 58,423 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Change in fair value of interest rate swaps 
   
   
 25,335 
   
   
 (6,587 
 ) 
   
 (2,237 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total comprehensive income 
   
   
 210,891 
   
   
 121,102 
   
   
 56,186 
   
 
 
   Less: comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 14,386 
   
   
 10,130 
   
   
 7,886 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 196,505 
   
 $ 
 110,972 
   
 $ 
 48,300 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes  

 54 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc.   

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity   

  (dollars in thousands, except share data)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Noncontrolling Interests  
   
 Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders' Equity  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Series A 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Series B 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Series C 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Other  
   
 Shares  
   
 Par Value  
   
 Paid-in 
Capital  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Deficit  
   
 Accumulated 
Deficit  
   
 Total 
Equity  
   
 
 
   Balances at December 31, 2010 
   
 $ 
 29,733 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 26,803 
   
 $ 
 1,134 
   
   
 87,587,322 
   
 $ 
 876 
   
 $ 
 1,148,820 
   
 $ 
 (5,787 
 ) 
 $ 
 (262,508 
 ) 
 $ 
 939,071 
   
 
 
   Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
1,388,269 
   
   
 
14 
   
   
 
18,608 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
— 
   
   
 
18,622 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock grants issued 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 226,630 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock grants cancelled 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (47,695 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,335,423 
   
   
 53 
   
   
 112,296 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 112,349 
   
 
 
   Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,757 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,757 
   
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,344 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 293,641 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 2,341 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for cash 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (271 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (271 
 ) 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
 6,289 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,689 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 50,449 
   
   
 58,423 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (22 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (66 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,149 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,237 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,199 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,199 
   
 
 
   Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (6,305 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,793 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (8,098 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (29 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (29 
 ) 
 
 
   Dividends paid on common stock at $0.56 per share 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (52,027 
 ) 
   
 (52,027 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balances at December 31, 2011 
   
 $ 
 29,695 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 24,018 
   
 $ 
 1,101 
   
   
 94,783,590 
   
 $ 
 948 
   
 $ 
 1,290,021 
   
 $ 
 (7,936 
 ) 
 $ 
 (264,086 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,073,761 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  See
accompanying notes.  

 55 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc.   

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Continued)   

  (dollars in thousands, except share data)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Noncontrolling Interests  
   
 Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders' Equity  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Series A 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Series B 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Series C 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Other  
   
 Shares  
   
 Par Value  
   
 Paid-in 
Capital  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Deficit  
   
 Accumulated 
Deficit  
   
 Total 
Equity  
   
 
 
   Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 768,853 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 10,260 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10,267 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock grants issued 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 182,052 
   
   
 2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock grants cancelled 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (16,792 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,030,000 
   
   
 140 
   
   
 429,448 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 429,588 
   
 
 
   Issuance of common stock related to settlement of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 684,685 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7 
   
 
 
   Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,356 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,356 
   
 
 
   New issuance of Operating Partnership units 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 429 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 429 
   
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,479 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 304,817 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 2,476 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for cash 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (155 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (155 
 ) 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 6,876 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,473 
   
   
 31 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 117,309 
   
   
 127,689 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive loss 
   
   
 (61 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (189 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (6,337 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (6,587 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,476 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,476 
   
 
 
   Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (6,592 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,605 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (9,197 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (18 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (18 
 ) 
 
 
   Dividends paid on common stock at $0.85 per share 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (88,287 
 ) 
   
 (88,287 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balances at December 31, 2012 
   
 $ 
 29,918 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 22,492 
   
 $ 
 1,114 
   
   
 110,737,205 
   
 $ 
 1,107 
   
 $ 
 1,740,037 
   
 $ 
 (14,273 
 ) 
 $ 
 (235,064 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,545,331 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  See
accompanying notes.  

 56 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc.   

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Continued)   

  (dollars in thousands, except share data)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Noncontrolling Interests  
   
 Extra Space Storage Inc. Stockholders' Equity  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Series A 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Series B 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Series C 
Preferred 
Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Operating 
Partnership  
   
 Other  
   
 Shares  
   
 Par Value  
   
 Paid-in 
Capital  
   
 Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Deficit  
   
 Accumulated 
Deficit  
   
 Total 
Equity  
   
 
 
   Issuance of common stock upon the exercise of options 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 391,543 
   
   
 4 
   
   
 5,892 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,896 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock grants issued 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 137,602 
   
   
 1 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1 
   
 
 
   Restricted stock grants cancelled 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (23,323 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,500,000 
   
   
 45 
   
   
 205,943 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 205,988 
   
 
 
   Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,819 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,819 
   
 
 
   Purchase of additional equity interests in existing consolidated joint ventures 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,008 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,481 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (2,489 
 ) 
 
 
   Noncontrolling interest related to consolidated joint venture 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 870 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 870 
   
 
 
   Issuance of exchangeable senior notes—equity component 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,496 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,496 
   
 
 
   Issuance of Operating Partnership units in conjunction with portfolio acquisition 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 33,568 
   
   
 17,177 
   
   
 68,471 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 119,216 
   
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for common stock 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (260 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 12,500 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 260 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units for cash 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (41 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (41 
 ) 
 
 
   Net income 
   
   
 7,255 
   
   
 673 
   
   
 78 
   
   
 5,425 
   
   
 49 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 172,076 
   
   
 185,556 
   
 
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 214 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 692 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 24,429 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 25,335 
   
 
 
   Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,193 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,193 
   
 
 
   Distributions to Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (7,185 
 ) 
   
 (673 
 ) 
   
 (78 
 ) 
   
 (5,326 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (13,262 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to other noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Dividends paid on common stock at $1.45 per share 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (163,014 
 ) 
   
 (163,014 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balances at December 31, 2013 
   
 $ 
 30,202 
   
 $ 
 33,568 
   
 $ 
 17,177 
   
 $ 
 91,453 
   
 $ 
 1,025 
   
   
 115,755,527 
   
 $ 
 1,157 
   
 $ 
 1,973,159 
   
 $ 
 10,156 
   
 $ 
 (226,002 
 ) 
 $ 
 1,931,895 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  See
accompanying notes.  

 57 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       Extra Space Storage Inc.              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows              (dollars in thousands)          
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 185,556 
   
 $ 
 127,689 
   
 $ 
 58,423 
   
 
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 95,232 
   
   
 74,453 
   
   
 58,014 
   
 
 
   Amortization of deferred financing costs 
   
   
 5,997 
   
   
 5,889 
   
   
 5,583 
   
 
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition 
   
   
 9,153 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Gain on sale of real estate assets 
   
   
 (960 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 1,404 
   
   
 444 
   
   
 1,761 
   
 
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of premium on notes payable 
   
   
 (1,194 
 ) 
   
 (1,270 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Compensation expense related to stock-based awards 
   
   
 4,819 
   
   
 4,356 
   
   
 5,757 
   
 
 
   Gain on purchase of joint venture partners' interests 
   
   
 (46,032 
 ) 
   
 (23,670 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Distributions from unconsolidated real estate ventures in excess of earnings 
   
   
 4,838 
   
   
 2,581 
   
   
 7,008 
   
 
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Receivables from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 1,277 
   
   
 7,439 
   
   
 (8,634 
 ) 
 
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 8,725 
   
   
 8,746 
   
   
 7,533 
   
 
 
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
   
   
 8,302 
   
   
 7,220 
   
   
 9,837 
   
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 (5,858 
 ) 
   
 2,002 
   
   
 (1,118 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
   
   
 271,259 
   
   
 215,879 
   
   
 144,164 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquisition, development and redevelopment of real estate assets 
   
   
 (356,425 
 ) 
   
 (605,486 
 ) 
   
 (202,019 
 ) 
 
 
   Proceeds from sale of real estate assets 
   
   
 6,964 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 (1,516 
 ) 
   
 (1,423 
 ) 
   
 (4,088 
 ) 
 
 
   Return of investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,421 
   
   
 4,614 
   
 
 
   Change in restricted cash 
   
   
 (4,475 
 ) 
   
 8,792 
   
   
 4,730 
   
 
 
   Purchase/issuance of notes receivable 
   
   
 (5,000 
 ) 
   
 (7,875 
 ) 
   
 (50,140 
 ) 
 
 
   Purchase of equipment and fixtures 
   
   
 (6,524 
 ) 
   
 (3,367 
 ) 
   
 (5,016 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
   
   
 (366,976 
 ) 
   
 (606,938 
 ) 
   
 (251,919 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net of offering costs 
   
   
 205,988 
   
   
 429,588 
   
   
 112,349 
   
 
 
   Net proceeds from issuance of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 246,250 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Proceeds from notes payable and lines of credit 
   
   
 582,185 
   
   
 1,074,263 
   
   
 475,487 
   
 
 
   Principal payments on notes payable and lines of credit, including defeasance 
   
   
 (664,372 
 ) 
   
 (921,831 
 ) 
   
 (452,347 
 ) 
 
 
   Deferred financing costs 
   
   
 (7,975 
 ) 
   
 (11,607 
 ) 
   
 (6,197 
 ) 
 
 
   Repurchase of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (87,663 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interest 
   
   
 (41 
 ) 
   
 (155 
 ) 
   
 (271 
 ) 
 
 
   Net proceeds from exercise of stock options 
   
   
 5,896 
   
   
 10,267 
   
   
 18,622 
   
 
 
   Dividends paid on common stock 
   
   
 (163,014 
 ) 
   
 (88,287 
 ) 
   
 (52,027 
 ) 
 
 
   Distributions to noncontrolling interests 
   
   
 (13,262 
 ) 
   
 (9,215 
 ) 
   
 (8,127 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net cash provided by financing activities 
   
   
 191,655 
   
   
 395,360 
   
   
 87,489 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
   
   
 95,938 
   
   
 4,301 
   
   
 (20,266 
 ) 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period 
   
   
 30,785 
   
   
 26,484 
   
   
 46,750 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period 
   
 $ 
 126,723 
   
 $ 
 30,785 
   
 $ 
 26,484 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Supplemental schedule of cash flow information 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized 
   
 $ 
 65,511 
   
 $ 
 65,687 
   
 $ 
 61,726 
   
 
 
   Income taxes paid 
   
   
 1,916 
   
   
 831 
   
   
 665 
   
 
 
   Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Redemption of Operating Partnership units held by noncontrolling interests for common stock: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Noncontrolling interests in Operating Partnership 
   
 $ 
 260 
   
 $ 
 2,479 
   
 $ 
 2,344 
   
 
 
   Common stock and paid-in capital 
   
   
 (260 
 ) 
   
 (2,479 
 ) 
   
 (2,344 
 ) 
 
 
   Tax effect from vesting of restricted stock grants and stock option exercises 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Other assets 
   
 $ 
 3,193 
   
 $ 
 3,476 
   
 $ 
 2,199 
   
 
 
   Paid-in capital 
   
   
 (3,193 
 ) 
   
 (3,476 
 ) 
   
 (2,199 
 ) 
 
 
   Acquisitions of real estate assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Real estate assets, net 
   
 $ 
 331,230 
   
 $ 
 159,297 
   
 $ 
 137,177 
   
 
 
   Notes payable assumed 
   
   
 (110,803 
 ) 
   
 (150,284 
 ) 
   
 (132,327 
 ) 
 
 
   Notes payable assumed and immediately defeased 
   
   
 (98,960 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Notes payable issued to seller 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (8,584 
 ) 
   
 (4,850 
 ) 
 
 
   Value of Operating Partnership units issued 
   
   
 (119,216 
 ) 
   
 (429 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Receivables from related parties and affiliated joint ventures 
   
   
 (2,251 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 
  

      
 
   
     
See accompanying notes.  

 58 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
       Extra Space Storage Inc.              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              December 31, 2013              (amounts in thousands, except property
and share data)          

  1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS   

 
        Extra Space Storage Inc. (the "Company") is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust ("REIT"), formed as a Maryland Corporation on
April 30, 2004, to own, operate, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop professionally managed self-storage facilities located throughout the United States. The Company continues the business
of Extra Space Storage LLC and its subsidiaries, which had engaged in the self-storage business since 1977. The Company's interest in its properties is held through its operating partnership,
Extra Space Storage LP (the "Operating Partnership"), which was formed on May 5, 2004. The Company's primary assets are general partner and limited partner interests in the Operating
Partnership. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"). To the extent the Company continues to qualify as a REIT, it will not be subject to tax, with certain limited exceptions, on
the taxable income that is distributed to its stockholders.  

         The
Company invests in self-storage facilities by acquiring wholly-owned facilities or by acquiring an equity interest in real estate entities. At December 31, 2013, the Company
had direct and indirect equity interests in 779 storage facilities. In addition, the Company managed 250 properties for third parties bringing the total number of properties which it owns and/or
manages to 1,029. These properties are located in 35 states, Washington, D.C. and Puerto Rico.  

         The
Company operates in three distinct segments: (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and (3) property management, acquisition and development. The rental
operations activities include rental operations of self-storage facilities in which we have an ownership interest. No single tenant accounts for more than 5% of rental income. Tenant reinsurance
activities include the reinsurance of risks relating to the loss of goods stored by tenants in the Company's self-storage facilities. The Company's property management, acquisition and development
activities include managing, acquiring, developing and selling self-storage facilities.  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   


  Basis of Presentation   

         The consolidated financial statements are presented on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles ("GAAP") and include
the accounts of the Company and its wholly- or majority- owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

  Variable Interest Entities   

         The Company accounts for arrangements that are not controlled through voting or similar rights as variable interest entities ("VIEs").
An enterprise is required to consolidate a VIE if it is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. A VIE is created when (i) the equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to
finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties, or (ii) the entity's equity holders as a group either: (a) lack the power, through voting or
similar rights, to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance, (b) are not obligated to absorb expected losses of the entity if they
occur, or (c) do not  

 59 

 
 
 
   


 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 have
the right to receive expected residual returns of the entity if they occur. If an entity is deemed to be a VIE, the enterprise that is deemed to have a variable interest, or combination of
variable interests, that provides the enterprise with a controlling financial interest in the VIE, is considered the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE.  

         The
Company has concluded that under certain circumstances when the Company (1) enters into option agreements for the purchase of land or facilities from an entity and pays a
non-refundable deposit, or (2) enters into arrangements for the formation of joint ventures, a VIE may be created under condition (i), (ii) (b) or (c) of the
previous paragraph. For each VIE created, the Company has performed a qualitative analysis, including considering which party, if any, has the power to direct the activities most significant to the
economic performance of each VIE and whether that party has the obligation to absorb losses of the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could be significant to the VIE. If the
Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE, the assets, liabilities and operations of the VIE are consolidated with the Company's financial statements. Additionally, the Operating
Partnership has notes payable to three trusts that are VIEs under condition (ii)(a) above. Since the Operating Partnership is not the primary beneficiary of the trusts, these VIEs are not
consolidated.  

         The
Company's investments in real estate joint ventures, where the Company has significant influence, but not control, and joint ventures which are VIEs in which the Company is not the
primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  


  Use of Estimates   

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

  Reclassifications   


         Certain amounts in the 2012 and 2011 financial statements and supporting note disclosures have been reclassified to conform to the
current year presentation. Such reclassifications did not impact previously reported net income or accumulated deficit.  

  Fair Value Disclosures   

  Derivative financial instruments   

         Currently, the Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined
using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives,
including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including  

 60 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 interest
rate curves. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash payments and the discounted expected
variable cash receipts. The variable cash receipts are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate forward curves.  

         The
Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value
measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements,
such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. In conjunction with the Financial Accounting Standard Board's fair value measurement guidance, the Company made an accounting
policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio.  

         Although
the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments
associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. However, as of
December 31, 2013, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the
credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in
Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  

         The
table below presents the Company's assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2013, aggregated by the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which those measurements fall.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements at 
Reporting Date Using  
   
 
 
 Description

 

  
   
 December 31, 
2013  
   
 Quoted Prices 
in Active 
Markets for 
Identical 
Assets (Level 1)  
   
 Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs 
(Level 2)  
   
 Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs 
(Level 3)  
   
 
 
   Other assets—Cash Flow Hedge Swap Agreements 
   
 $ 
 13,630 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 13,630 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Other liabilities—Cash Flow Hedge Swap Agreements 
   
 $ 
 (3,684 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (3,684 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
          There
were no transfers of assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended December 31, 2013. The Company did not have any significant
assets or liabilities that are re-measured on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs as of December 31, 2013 or 2012.  

 61 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

  Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis   

         Long-lived assets held for use are evaluated by the Company for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that there may be
impairment. The Company reviews each self-storage facility at least annually to determine if any such events or circumstances have occurred or exist. The Company focuses on facilities where occupancy
and/or rental income have decreased by a significant amount. For these facilities, the Company determines whether the decrease is temporary or permanent and whether the facility will likely recover
the lost occupancy and/or revenue in the short term. In addition, the Company reviews facilities in the lease-up stage and compares actual operating results to original projections.  

         When
the Company determines that an event that may indicate impairment has occurred, the Company compares the carrying value of the related long-lived assets to the undiscounted future
net operating cash flows attributable to the assets. An impairment loss is recorded if the net carrying value of the assets exceeds the undiscounted future net operating cash flows attributable to the
assets. The impairment loss recognized equals the excess of net carrying value over the related fair value of the assets.  


         When
real estate assets are identified by management as held for sale, the Company discontinues depreciating the assets and estimates the fair value of the assets, net of selling costs.
If the estimated fair value, net of selling costs, of the assets that have been identified for sale is less than the net carrying value of the assets, then a valuation allowance is established. The
operations of assets held for sale or sold during the period are generally presented as discontinued operations for all periods presented.  

         The
Company assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company's investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures may be impaired annually and when events or
circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. An investment is impaired if management's estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value. To the extent impairment
has occurred, and is considered to be other than temporary, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the fair value of the investment.  

         As
of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.  

  Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

         The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, receivables, other financial instruments included in other assets,
accounts payable and accrued expenses, variable-rate notes payable, lines of credit and other liabilities reflected in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012, approximate
fair value.  

         The
fair values of the Company's note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders was based on the discounted estimated future cash flows of the note (categorized within
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy); the discount rate used approximated the current market rate for loans with similar maturities and credit quality. The fair values of the Company's fixed
rate notes  

 62 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 payable
and notes payable to trusts were estimated using the discounted estimated future cash payments to be made on such debt (categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy); the
discount rates used approximated current market rates for loans, or groups of loans, with similar maturities and credit quality. The fair value of the Company's exchangeable senior notes was estimated
using an average market price for similar securities obtained from a third party.  

         The
fair values of the Company's fixed-rate assets and liabilities were as follows for the periods indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Carrying 
Value  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Carrying 
Value  
   
 
 
   Note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holders 
   
 $ 
 103,491 
   
 $ 
 100,000 
   
 $ 
 108,138 
   
 $ 
 100,000 
   
 
 
   Fixed rate notes payable and notes payable to trusts 
   
 $ 
 1,365,290 
   
 $ 
 1,368,885 
   
 $ 
 1,342,957 
   
 $ 
 1,275,605 
   
 
 
   Exchangeable senior notes 
   
 $ 
 251,103 
   
 $ 
 250,000 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 
  
   Real Estate Assets   

         Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Direct and allowable internal costs associated with the
development, construction, renovation, and improvement of real estate assets are capitalized. Interest, property taxes, and other costs associated
with development incurred during the construction period are capitalized. The construction period begins when expenditures for the real estate assets have been made and activities that are necessary
to prepare the asset for its intended use are in progress. The construction period ends when the asset is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Capitalized interest during the years
ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, was $0, $0 and $752, respectively.  

         Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major replacements and betterments that improve or extend the life of the asset are capitalized and
depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the buildings and improvements, which are generally between
five and 39 years.  

         In
connection with the Company's acquisition of self-storage facilities, the purchase price is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired based on their
fair values, which are estimated using significant unobservable inputs. The value of the tangible assets, consisting of land and buildings, are determined as if vacant. Intangible assets, which
represent the value of existing tenant relationships, are recorded at their fair values based on the avoided cost to replace the current leases. The Company measures the value of tenant relationships
based on the rent lost due to the amount of time required to replace existing customers which is based on the Company's historical experience with turnover in its facilities. Debt assumed as part of
an acquisition is recorded at fair value based on current interest rates compared to contractual rates. Acquisition-related transaction costs are expensed as incurred.  

 63 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

         Intangible
lease rights represent: (1) purchase price amounts allocated to leases on three properties that cannot be classified as ground or building leases; these rights are
amortized to expense over the life of the leases and (2) intangibles related to ground leases on five properties where the leases were assumed by the Company at rates that were lower than the
current market rates for similar leases. The values associated with these assumed leases were recorded as intangibles, which will be amortized over the lease terms.  

  Investments in Real Estate Ventures   

         The Company's investments in real estate joint ventures, where the Company has significant influence, but not control and joint
ventures which are VIEs in which the Company is not the primary beneficiary, are recorded under the equity method of accounting in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  

         Under
the equity method, the Company's investment in real estate ventures is stated at cost and adjusted for the Company's share of net earnings or losses and reduced by distributions.
Equity in earnings of real estate ventures is generally recognized based on the Company's ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate ventures. For the purposes of
presentation in the statement of cash flows, the Company follows the "look through" approach for classification of distributions from joint ventures. Under this approach, distributions are reported
under operating cash flow unless the facts and circumstances of a specific distribution clearly indicate that it is a return of capital (e.g., a liquidating dividend or distribution of the
proceeds from the joint venture's sale of assets), in which case it is reported as an investing activity.  


  Cash and Cash Equivalents   

         The Company's cash is deposited with financial institutions located throughout the United States and at times may exceed federally
insured limits. The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments with a maturity date of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  

  Restricted Cash   

         Restricted cash is comprised of letters of credit and escrowed funds deposited with financial institutions located throughout the
United States relating to earnest money deposits on potential acquisitions, real estate taxes, insurance and capital expenditures.  


  Other Assets   

         Other assets consist primarily of equipment and fixtures, deferred financing costs, customer accounts receivable, investments in
trusts, other intangible assets, income taxes receivable, deferred tax assets, prepaid expenses and the fair value of interest rate swaps. Depreciation of equipment and fixtures is computed on a
straight-line basis over three to five years. Deferred financing costs are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the terms of the respective debt agreements.  

 64 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

  Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities   

         The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives
depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has
satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability or firm commitment
attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash
flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging
instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged
forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply
or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting.  

         The
Company made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by
counterparty portfolio.  

  Risk Management and Use of Financial Instruments   

         In the normal course of its ongoing business operations, the Company encounters economic risk. There are three main components of
economic risk: interest rate risk, credit risk and market risk. The Company is subject to interest rate risk on its interest-bearing liabilities. Credit risk is the risk of inability or unwillingness
of tenants to make contractually required payments. Market risk is the risk of declines in the value of properties due to changes in rental rates, interest rates or other market factors affecting the
value of properties held by the Company. The Company has entered into interest rate swap agreements to manage a portion of its interest rate risk.  

  Exchange of Common Operating Partnership Units   

         Redemption of common Operating Partnership units for share of common stock, when redeemed under the original provisions of the
Operating Partnership agreement, are accounted for by reclassifying the underlying net book value of the units from noncontrolling interest to the Company's equity. The difference between the fair
value of the consideration paid and the adjustment to the carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest is recognized as additional paid in capital for the Company.  

  Revenue and Expense Recognition   

         Rental revenues are recognized as earned based upon amounts that are currently due from tenants. Leases are generally on month-to-month
terms. Prepaid rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the leases. Promotional discounts are recognized as a reduction to rental income over the promotional period. Late
charges, administrative fees, merchandise sales and truck rentals are  

 65 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 recognized
as income when earned. Management fee revenues are recognized monthly as services are performed and in accordance with the terms of the related management agreements. Equity in earnings of
unconsolidated real estate entities is recognized based on our ownership interest in the earnings of each of the unconsolidated real estate entities. Interest income is recognized as earned.  

         Property
expenses, including utilities, property taxes, repairs and maintenance and other costs to manage the facilities are recognized as incurred. The Company accrues for property tax
expense based upon invoice amounts, estimates and historical trends. If these estimates are incorrect, the timing of expense recognition could be affected.  

         Tenant
reinsurance premiums are recognized as revenue over the period of insurance coverage. The Company records an unpaid claims liability at the end of each period based on existing
unpaid claims and historical claims payment history. The unpaid claims liability represents an estimate of the ultimate cost to settle all unpaid claims as of each period end, including both reported
but unpaid claims and claims that may have been incurred but have not been reported. The Company uses a third party
claims administrator to adjust all tenant reinsurance claims received. The administrator evaluates each claim to determine the ultimate claim loss and includes an estimate for claims that may have
been incurred but not reported. Annually, a third party actuary evaluates the adequacy of the unpaid claims liability. Prior year claim reserves are adjusted as experience develops or new information
becomes known. The impact of such adjustments is included in the current period operations. The unpaid claims liability is not discounted to its present value. Each tenant chooses the amount of
insurance coverage they want through the tenant reinsurance program. Tenants can purchase policies in amounts of two thousand dollars to ten thousand dollars of insurance coverage in exchange for a
monthly fee. As of December 31, 2013, the average insurance coverage for tenants was approximately two thousand two hundred dollars. The Company's exposure per claim is limited by the maximum
amount of coverage chosen by each tenant. The Company purchases reinsurance for losses exceeding a set amount for any one event. The Company does not currently have any amounts recoverable under the
reinsurance arrangements.  

  Real Estate Sales   

         In general, sales of real estate and related profits/losses are recognized when all consideration has changed hands and risks and
rewards of ownership have been transferred. Certain types of continuing involvement preclude sale treatment and related profit recognition; other forms of continuing involvement allow for sale
recognition but require deferral of profit recognition.  

  Advertising Costs   

         The Company incurs advertising costs primarily attributable to internet, directory and other advertising. These costs are expensed as
incurred. The Company recognized $6,482, $6,026, and $5,958 in advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  

 66 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  


  Income Taxes   

         The Company has elected to be treated as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code. In order to
maintain its qualification as a REIT, among other things, the Company is required to distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders and meet certain tests regarding the nature
of its income and assets. As a REIT, the Company is not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of its income which meets certain criteria and is distributed annually to
stockholders. The Company plans to continue to operate so that it meets the requirements for taxation as a REIT. Many of these requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. If the Company
were to fail to meet these requirements, it would be subject to federal income tax. The Company is subject to certain state and local taxes. Provision for such taxes has been included in income tax
expense on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2013, 21.4% (unaudited) of all distributions to stockholders qualified as a return of capital.  

         The
Company has elected to treat its corporate subsidiary, Extra Space Management, Inc. ("ESMI"), as a taxable REIT subsidiary ("TRS"). In general, the Company's TRS may perform
additional services for tenants and may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business. A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax. ESM Reinsurance Limited, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of ESMI, generates income from insurance premiums that are subject to corporate federal income tax and state insurance premiums tax.  

         Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, there
were no material unrecognized tax benefits. Interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions will be recognized in income tax expense when incurred. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012,
the Company had no interest or penalties related to uncertain tax provisions.  


  Stock-Based Compensation   

         The measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards to employees and directors are based on
estimated fair values. Awards granted are valued at fair value and any compensation element is recognized on a straight line basis over the service periods of each award.  

  Earnings Per Common Share   

         Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average number
of shares outstanding during the period. All outstanding unvested restricted stock awards contain rights to non-forfeitable dividends and participate in undistributed earnings with common
stockholders; accordingly, they are considered participating securities that are included in the two-class method of computing basic earnings per common share. Diluted earnings per common share
measures the performance of the Company over the reporting period while giving effect to all potential common shares that were dilutive and outstanding during the period. The denominator includes the
weighted average number of basic shares and the number of  

 67 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 additional
weighted average common shares that would have been outstanding if the potential common shares that were dilutive had been issued, and is calculated using either the treasury stock or as
if-converted method. Potential common shares are securities (such as options, convertible debt, redeemable Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units ("Series A Units"),
Series B Redeemable Preferred Units, ("Series B Units"), redeemable and convertible Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units ("Series C Units") and redeemable
Operating Partnership units ("OP Units")) that do not have a current right to participate in earnings but could do so in the future by virtue of their option, or redemption right. In computing the
dilutive effect of convertible securities, net income is adjusted to add back any changes in earnings in the period associated with the convertible security. The numerator also is adjusted for the
effects of any other non-discretionary changes in income or loss that would result from the assumed conversion of those potential common shares. In computing diluted earnings per common share, only
potential common shares that are dilutive (those that reduce earnings per share) are included. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, options to purchase approximately 44,958
shares, 57,335 shares and 107,523 shares of common stock, respectively, were excluded from the computation of earnings per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. As of
December 31, 2013, 3,334,956 OP Units, 257,266 Series B Units, and 33,202 Series C Units were excluded from the computation of earnings per share as their effect would have been
anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2012 and 2011, 2,755,650 OP Units and 3,049,935 OP Units, respectively, were excluded from the computation of earnings per share as their effect
would have been anti-dilutive.  

         The
Company's Operating Partnership had $250,000 of its 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 (the "Notes due 2033") issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2013. The Notes
due 2033 could potentially have a dilutive impact on the Company's earnings per share calculations. The Notes due 2033 are exchangeable by holders into shares of the Company's common stock under
certain circumstances per the terms of the indenture governing the Notes due 2033. The exchange price of the Notes due 2033 was $55.69 per share as of December 31, 2013, and could change over
time as described in the indenture. The Company has irrevocably agreed to pay only cash for the accreted principal amount of the Notes due 2033 relative to its exchange obligations, but retained the
right to satisfy the
exchange obligation in excess of the accreted principal amount in cash and/or common stock. Though the Company has retained that right, Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 260,    "Earnings per Share,"  requires an assumption that shares would be used to pay the exchange obligation in excess of the accreted principal amount, and
requires that those shares be included in the Company's calculation of weighted average common shares outstanding for the diluted earnings per share computation. For the year ended December 31,
2013, no shares related to the Notes due 2033 were included in the computation for diluted earnings per share as the per share price of the Company's common stock during this period did not exceed the
exchange price.  

         The
Company's Operating Partnership had $87,663 of Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2027 (the "Notes due 2027") that were surrendered for exchange in April 2012. Prior to their exchange,
the Notes due 2027 could potentially have had a dilutive effect on the Company's earnings per share calculations. The Notes due 2027 were exchangeable by holders into cash and shares of the Company's
common stock under certain circumstances per the terms of the indenture governing the Notes due  

 68 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

 2027
and at the time prior to surrender had an exchange price of $23.20 per share. The Company had irrevocably agreed to pay only cash for the accreted principal amount of the Notes due 2027 relative
to its exchange obligations, but retained the right to satisfy the exchange obligations in excess of the accreted principal amount in cash and/or common stock. Though the Company retained that right,
ASC 260 required an assumption that shares would be used to pay the exchange obligations in excess of the accreted principal amount, and required that those shares be included in the Company's
calculation of weighted average common shares outstanding for the diluted earnings per share computation. No shares were included in the diluted share calculation for the year ended
December 31, 2011 as the stock price during this time did not exceed the exchange price. No shares were included for the year ended December 31, 2012 as the Notes due 2027 were no longer
outstanding.  

         For
the purposes of computing the diluted impact on earnings per share of the potential exchange of Series A Units for common shares upon redemption, where the Company has the
option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the positive intent and ability to settle at least $115,000 of the instrument in cash (or net settle a portion of the
Series A Units against the related outstanding note receivable), only the amount of the instrument in excess of $115,000 is considered in the calculation of shares contingently issuable for the
purposes of computing diluted earnings per share as allowed by ASC 260-10-45-46.  


         For
the purposes of computing the diluted impact on earnings per share of the potential exchange of Series B Units for common shares upon redemption, where the Company has the
option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the intent and ability to settle the redemption in shares, the Company divided the total value of the Series B Units
outstanding as of December 31, 2013 of $33,568 by the closing price of the Company's common stock as of December 31, 2013 of $42.13 per
share. Assuming full exchange for common shares as of December 31, 2013, 796,776 shares would have been issued to the holders of the Series B Units.  

         For
the purposes of computing the diluted impact on earnings per share of the potential exchange of Series C Units into common shares upon redemption, where the Company has the
option to redeem in cash or shares and where the Company has stated the intent and ability to settle the redemption in shares, the Company divided the total value of the Series C Units
outstanding as of December 31, 2013 of $17,177 by the closing price of the Company's common stock as of December 31, 2013 of $42.13 per share. Assuming full exchange for common shares as
of December 31, 2013, 407,705 shares would have been issued to the holders of the Series C Units.  

 69 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)  

         The
computation of earnings per share is as follows for the periods presented:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 172,076 
   
 $ 
 117,309 
   
 $ 
 50,449 
   
 
 
   Earnings and dividends allocated to participating securities 
   
   
 (567 
 ) 
   
 (279 
 ) 
   
 (365 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Earnings for basic computations 
   
   
 171,509 
   
   
 117,030 
   
   
 50,084 
   
 
 
   Earnings and dividends allocated to participating securities 
   
   
 567 
   
   
 279 
   
   
 365 
   
 
 
   Add: Income allocated to noncontrolling interest—Preferred Operating Partnership and Operating Partnership 
   
   
 7,255 
   
   
 6,876 
   
   
 6,289 
   
 
 
   Subtract: Fixed component of income allocated to noncontrolling interest—Preferred Operating Partnership 
   
   
 (5,750 
 ) 
   
 (5,750 
 ) 
   
 (5,750 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income for diluted computations 
   
 $ 
 173,581 
   
 $ 
 118,435 
   
 $ 
 50,988 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Average number of common shares outstanding—basic 
   
   
 111,349,361 
   
   
 101,766,385 
   
   
 91,301,265 
   
 
 
   Series A Units 
   
   
 989,980 
   
   
 989,980 
   
   
 989,980 
   
 
 
   Dilutive and cancelled stock options and restricted stock awards 
   
   
 765,753 
   
   
 1,011,000 
   
   
 1,342,328 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Average number of common shares outstanding—diluted 
   
   
 113,105,094 
   
   
 103,767,365 
   
   
 93,633,573 
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 1.54 
   
 $ 
 1.15 
   
 $ 
 0.55 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 1.53 
   
 $ 
 1.14 
   
 $ 
 0.54 
   
 
 
 
  
   Recently Issued Accounting Standards   

         In February 2013, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2013-02
" Comprehensive Income—Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ," which supersedes and replaces the
presentation requirements for reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income in ASUs 2011-05 and 2011-12. The amendment requires an entity to report the effect of significant
reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line items in net income if the amount being reclassified is required under GAAP. For other amounts that are not
required under GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period, an entity is required to cross-reference other disclosures required under GAAP that provide
additional detail about those amounts. ASU 2013-02 was effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after December 15, 2012. The Company adopted the
amended standard beginning January 1, 2013 and presents accumulated other comprehensive income in accordance with the requirements of the standard.  

 70 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

  December 31, 2013   

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)   


  3. REAL ESTATE ASSETS   

 
        The components of real estate assets are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   Land—operating 
   
 $ 
 1,009,500 
   
 $ 
 755,565 
   
 
 
   Land—development 
   
   
 10,421 
   
   
 12,050 
   
 
 
   Buildings and improvements 
   
   
 3,032,218 
   
   
 2,551,886 
   
 
 
   Intangible assets—tenant relationships 
   
   
 65,811 
   
   
 51,355 
   
 
 
   Intangible lease rights 
   
   
 8,698 
   
   
 8,656 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
 4,126,648 
   
   
 3,379,512 
   
 
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
   
   
 (496,754 
 ) 
   
 (391,928 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net operating real estate assets 
   
   
 3,629,894 
   
   
 2,987,584 
   
 
 
   Real estate under development/redevelopment 
   
   
 6,650 
   
   
 4,138 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net real estate assets 
   
 $ 
 3,636,544 
   
 $ 
 2,991,722 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Real estate assets held for sale included in net real estate assets 
   
 $ 
 5,625 
   
 $ 
 8,600 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company amortizes to expense intangible assets—tenant relationships on a straight-line basis over the average period that a tenant is expected to utilize the facility
(currently estimated at 18 months). The Company amortizes to expense the intangible lease rights over the terms of the related leases. Amortization related to the tenant relationships and lease
rights was $12,065, $7,177 and $2,633, for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The remaining balance of the unamortized lease rights will be amortized over the next
5 to 49 years.  

         Real
estate assets held for sale included in net real estate assets as of December 31, 2013 are recorded at fair value and consist of undeveloped land.  

 71 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  4. PROPERTY ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS   


 
        The following table shows the Company's acquisition of operating properties for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, and does not include purchases of raw land or
improvements made to existing assets:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Consideration Paid  
   
 Acquisition Date Fair Value  
   
   
 
 
 Property Location


 

  
   
 Number of 
Properties  
   
 Date of 
Acquisition  
   
 Total  
   
 Cash Paid  
   
 Loan 
Assumed  
   
 Non-cash 
gain  
   
 Notes 
Issued 
to/from 
Seller  
   
 Previous 
equity 
interest  
   
 Net 
Liabilities/ 
(Assets) Assumed  
   
 Value of 
OP Units 
Issued  
   
 Number of 
OP Units 
Issued  
   
 Land  
   
 Building  
   
 Intangible  
   
 Closing 
costs— 
expensed  
   
 Notes  
 
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 12/9/2013 
   
 $ 
 4,616 
   
 $ 
 4,610 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 6 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 2,033 
   
 $ 
 2,495 
   
 $ 
 70 
   
 $ 
 18 
   
   
 
 
   Hawaii 
   
 1 
   
 12/6/2013 
   
   
 8,029 
   
   
 7,987 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 42 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,776 
   
   
 218 
   
   
 35 
   
   
 
 
   California 
   
 2 
   
 12/3/2013 
   
   
 24,334 
   
   
 16,588 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,208 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,263 
 ) 
   
 67 
   
   
 4,734 
   
   
 112,446 
   
   
 6,061 
   
   
 15,402 
   
   
 392 
   
   
 2,479 
   
 (1) 
 
 
   California 
   
 6 
   
 12/2/2013 
   
   
 48,514 
   
   
 26,114 
   
   
 4,342 
   
   
 5,131 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 311 
   
   
 173 
   
   
 12,443 
   
   
 295,550 
   
   
 8,859 
   
   
 38,347 
   
   
 864 
   
   
 444 
   
 (1) 
 
 
   Florida 
   
 2 
   
 11/8/2013 
   
   
 27,547 
   
   
 27,572 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (25 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,909 
   
   
 23,221 
   
   
 374 
   
   
 43 
   
   
 
 
   Florida 
   
 1 
   
 11/7/2013 
   
   
 10,500 
   
   
 10,460 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 40 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,108 
   
   
 8,028 
   
   
 161 
   
   
 203 
   
   
 
 
   Various states 
   
 16 
   
 11/4/2013 
   
   
 96,711 
   
   
 98,424 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,713 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 24,248 
   
   
 70,160 
   
   
 1,874 
   
   
 429 
   
   
 
 
   Various states 
   
 19 
   
 11/1/2013 
   
   
 187,825 
   
   
 43,475 
   
   
 99,339 
   
   
 34,137 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12,373 
   
   
 (1,499 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 85,123 
   
   
 99,500 
   
   
 3,203 
   
   
 1 
   
 (2) 
 
 
   Georgia 
   
 1 
   
 10/15/2013 
   
   
 12,414 
   
   
 12,382 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 32 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,773 
   
   
 10,456 
   
   
 174 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 
 
   North Carolina 
   
 1 
   
 10/15/2013 
   
   
 5,535 
   
   
 5,519 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 16 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,614 
   
   
 1,788 
   
   
 126 
   
   
 7 
   
   
 
 
   California 
   
 1 
   
 9/26/2013 
   
   
 10,928 
   
   
 4,791 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 51 
   
   
 6,086 
   
   
 177,107 
   
   
 3,138 
   
   
 7,429 
   
   
 181 
   
   
 180 
   
 (3) 
 
 
   California 
   
 19 
   
 8/29/2013 
   
   
 186,427 
   
   
 96,085 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 519 
   
   
 89,823 
   
   
 2,613,728 
   
   
 100,446 
   
   
 81,830 
   
   
 2,997 
   
   
 1,154 
   
 (3) 
 
 
   Arizona 
   
 2 
   
 7/25/2013 
   
   
 9,313 
   
   
 9,183 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 130 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,001 
   
   
 7,110 
   
   
 192 
   
   
 10 
   
   
 
 
   Maryland 
   
 1 
   
 6/10/2013 
   
   
 13,688 
   
   
 419 
   
   
 7,122 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 6,130 
   
   
 143,860 
   
   
 2,160 
   
   
 11,340 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 188 
   
   
 
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 5/8/2013 
   
   
 7,104 
   
   
 7,057 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 47 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,374 
   
   
 5,636 
   
   
 86 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 
 
   Hawaii 
   
 2 
   
 5/3/2013 
   
   
 27,560 
   
   
 27,491 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 69 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,991 
   
   
 20,976 
   
   
 438 
   
   
 155 
   
   
 
 
   Illinois 
   
 1 
   
 2/13/2013 
   
   
 11,083 
   
   
 7,592 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 341 
   
   
 2,251 
   
   
 1,173 
   
   
 (274 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,318 
   
   
 9,485 
   
   
 190 
   
   
 90 
   
   
 
 
   Maryland 
   
 1 
   
 2/13/2013 
   
   
 12,321 
   
   
 8,029 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,215 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,273 
   
   
 (196 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,266 
   
   
 10,789 
   
   
 260 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   2013 Totals 
   
  78 
   
   
   
 $ 
 704,449 
   
 $ 
 413,778 
   
 $ 
 110,803 
   
 $ 
 46,032 
   
 $ 
 2,251 
   
 $ 
 14,867 
   
 $ 
 (2,498 
 ) 
 $ 
 119,216 
   
   
 3,342,691 
   
 $ 
 255,422 
   
 $ 
 431,768 
   
 $ 
 11,800 
   
 $ 
 5,461 
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Florida 
   
 1 
   
 12/28/2012 
   
 $ 
 4,270 
   
 $ 
 4,258 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 12 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 $ 
 805 
   
 $ 
 3,345 
   
 $ 
 95 
   
 $ 
 25 
   
   
 
 
   Maryland 
   
 1 
   
 12/27/2012 
   
   
 13,107 
   
   
 10,596 
   
   
 2,692 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (181 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,314 
   
   
 8,412 
   
   
 206 
   
   
 175 
   
   
 
 
   Arizona 
   
 1 
   
 12/27/2012 
   
   
 8,667 
   
   
 8,608 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 59 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,973 
   
   
 5,545 
   
   
 141 
   
   
 8 
   
   
 
 
   Florida 
   
 2 
   
 12/27/2012 
   
   
 8,766 
   
   
 142 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8,584 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 40 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,597 
   
   
 6,862 
   
   
 215 
   
   
 92 
   
 (4) 
 
 
   Florida 
   
 1 
   
 12/3/2012 
   
   
 4,273 
   
   
 4,254 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 19 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,133 
   
   
 3,017 
   
   
 99 
   
   
 24 
   
   
 
 
   Various states 
   
 21 
   
 11/30/2012 
   
   
 164,566 
   
   
 140,513 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10,171 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 14,184 
   
   
 (302 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 41,988 
   
   
 119,681 
   
   
 2,881 
   
   
 16 
   
 (5) 
 
 
   New Jersey 
   
 4 
   
 11/30/2012 
   
   
 39,336 
   
   
 39,283 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 53 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10,920 
   
   
 26,712 
   
   
 825 
   
   
 879 
   
   
 
 
   Massachusetts 
   
 1 
   
 11/9/2012 
   
   
 9,011 
   
   
 8,994 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 17 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,115 
   
   
 5,684 
   
   
 190 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 
 
   Utah 
   
 1 
   
 9/28/2012 
   
   
 7,410 
   
   
 7,322 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 88 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,063 
   
   
 5,202 
   
   
 132 
   
   
 13 
   
 (6) 
 
 
   Virginia 
   
 1 
   
 9/20/2012 
   
   
 6,884 
   
   
 6,850 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 34 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,172 
   
   
 5,562 
   
   
 119 
   
   
 31 
   
   
 
 
   New Jersey 
   
 1 
   
 8/28/2012 
   
   
 13,678 
   
   
 13,678 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,511 
   
   
 11,732 
   
   
 241 
   
   
 194 
   
   
 
 
   New Jersey 
   
 1 
   
 8/23/2012 
   
   
 9,091 
   
   
 9,099 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (8 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,144 
   
   
 6,660 
   
   
 158 
   
   
 129 
   
   
 
 
   New Jersey 
   
 1 
   
 8/23/2012 
   
   
 15,475 
   
   
 15,431 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 44 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,890 
   
   
 13,112 
   
   
 269 
   
   
 204 
   
   
 
 
   New York 
   
 1 
   
 8/10/2012 
   
   
 15,300 
   
   
 15,377 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (77 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,800 
   
   
 12,173 
   
   
 269 
   
   
 58 
   
   
 
 
   Texas 
   
 2 
   
 8/10/2012 
   
   
 9,948 
   
   
 9,775 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 173 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,869 
   
   
 4,826 
   
   
 241 
   
   
 12 
   
   
 
 
   California 
   
 1 
   
 7/26/2012 
   
   
 4,860 
   
   
 2,376 
   
   
 2,592 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (108 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,428 
   
   
 2,317 
   
   
 93 
   
   
 22 
   
   
 
 
   South Carolina 
   
 1 
   
 7/19/2012 
   
   
 4,651 
   
   
 4,621 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 30 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,784 
   
   
 2,755 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 
 
   New Jersey, New York 
   
 6 
   
 7/18/2012 
   
   
 55,622 
   
   
 55,748 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (126 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 8,584 
   
   
 45,359 
   
   
 1,227 
   
   
 452 
   
   
 
 
   Colorado 
   
 1 
   
 7/18/2012 
   
   
 7,085 
   
   
 7,038 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 47 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,945 
   
   
 137 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 
 
   Various states 
   
 36 
   
 7/2/2012 
   
   
 322,516 
   
   
 162,705 
   
   
 145,000 
   
   
 13,499 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,355 
   
   
 (2,043 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 67,550 
   
   
 246,133 
   
   
 8,142 
   
   
 691 
   
 (7) 
 
 
   Maryland 
   
 1 
   
 5/31/2012 
   
   
 6,501 
   
   
 6,438 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 11 
   
   
 52 
   
   
 1,814 
   
   
 1,185 
   
   
 5,051 
   
   
 147 
   
   
 118 
   
   
 
 
   Florida 
   
 3 
   
 5/2/2012 
   
   
 14,942 
   
   
 14,792 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 150 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,933 
   
   
 12,682 
   
   
 321 
   
   
 6 
   
   
 
 
   Maryland 
   
 1 
   
 3/7/2012 
   
   
 6,284 
   
   
 5,886 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 21 
   
   
 377 
   
   
 14,193 
   
   
 465 
   
   
 5,600 
   
   
 128 
   
   
 91 
   
   
 
 
   Texas 
   
 1 
   
 2/29/2012 
   
   
 9,405 
   
   
 9,323 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 82 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,036 
   
   
 8,133 
   
   
 187 
   
   
 49 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   2012 Totals 
   
  91 
   
   
   
 $ 
 761,648 
   
 $ 
 563,107 
   
 $ 
 150,284 
   
 $ 
 23,670 
   
 $ 
 8,584 
   
 $ 
 17,539 
   
 $ 
 (1,965 
 ) 
 $ 
 429 
   
   
 16,007 
   
 $ 
 168,259 
   
 $ 
 573,500 
   
 $ 
 16,570 
   
 $ 
 3,319 
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) This
represents the acquisition of eight properties. The Company previously held no equity interest in three of the properties. For the remaining five, the
Company acquired its joint venture partners' 65% interests in five joint ventures, each of which held one property in California, resulting in full ownership by the Company. Prior to the acquisition
date the Company accounted for its 35% interests in these joint ventures as equity-method investments. The total acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interests was approximately $8,400
and is included as consideration transferred. The Company recognized non-cash gains of $9,340 as a result of re-measuring its prior equity interests in these joint ventures held before the
acquisition. The eight were acquired in exchange for approximately $42,702 of cash and 407,996 Series C Units valued at $17,177.  
  
  72 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  4. PROPERTY ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS (Continued)  
  
  
 (2) This
represents the acquisition of a joint venture partner's 49% interest in HSRE-ESP IA, LLC ("HSRE"), an existing joint venture, for $43,475 in
cash and the assumption of a $96,516 loan. The result of this acquisition is that the Company owns a 99% interest in HSRE. The joint venture partner retained a 1% interest, which is included in other
noncontrolling interests on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. HSRE owns 19 properties in California, Florida, Nevada, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia. Prior to the
acquisition date, the Company accounted for its 50% interest in the joint venture as an equity-method investment. The acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interest was approximately
$43,500 which was calculated based on the fair value of the assets in the joint venture, and is included as consideration transferred. The Company recognized a non-cash gain of $34,137 as a result of
re-measuring its prior equity interest in HSRE held before the acquisition. The properties are now consolidated as the Company owns the majority interest in the joint venture. A premium of $2,823 on
the debt assumed was recorded in order to record the loan at fair value on the date of purchase. This premium is included in premiums on notes payable in the consolidated balance sheets and will be
amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the loan.
 (3) On
August 29, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of 19 out of 20 self-storage facilities affiliated with All Aboard Mini Storage,
all of which are located in California. On September 26, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of the remaining facility. These properties were acquired in exchange for
$100,876 in cash (including $98,960 of debt assumed and immediately defeased at closing), 1,342,727 Series B Units valued at $33,568 and 1,448,108 common OP Units valued at $62,341. In
accordance with ASC 805,  "Business Combinations ," the assumed debt was recorded at its fair value as of the closing date. The difference between the
price paid to extinguish the debt, which included $9,153 of defeasance costs, and the carrying value of the debt was recorded as loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition on the
Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations.
 (4) On
May 1, 2012, the Company purchased two notes receivable from Capmark Bank for a total of $7,875. These receivables were due from Spacebox Land
O'Lakes, LLC and Spacebox North Fort Myers, LLC (collectively, "Spacebox"), a third party. The notes bore interest at 15% per annum. Spacebox owned two self-storage facilities located in
Florida that served as collateral for the notes. On December 27, 2012, the Company acquired the two properties owned by Spacebox in exchange for $142 of cash and forgiveness of the notes, which
had an outstanding balance at the time of purchase of $8,584, including accrued interest.
 (5) This
represents the acquisition of the Company's joint venture partner's 80% interest in the Storage Portfolio Bravo II LLC ("SPB II") joint venture,
resulting in full ownership by the Company. The joint venture owned 21 properties in eleven states. Prior to the acquisition date, the Company accounted for its 20% interest in the joint venture as an
equity-method investment. The acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interest was approximately $31,500 and is included as consideration transferred. The Company recognized a non-cash gain
of $10,171 as a result of re-measuring its prior equity interest in SPB II held before the acquisition.  
  
  73 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  4. PROPERTY ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS (Continued)  
  
  
 (6) This
property was purchased from Sandy Self Storage, LLC, which was partially owned by Kenneth T. Woolley, the son of Kenneth M. Woolley,
Executive Chairman.
 (7) This
represents the acquisition of Prudential Real Estate Investors' ("PREI®") 94.9% interest in the ESS PRISA III LLC joint venture
("PRISA III") that was formed in 2005, resulting in full ownership by the Company. The joint venture owned 36 properties located in 18 states. Prior to the acquisition date, the Company accounted for
its 5.1% interest in PRISA III as an equity-method investment. The acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interest was approximately $16,300 and is included as consideration transferred.
The Company recognized a non-cash gain of $13,499 as a result of re-measuring its prior equity interest in PRISA III held before the acquisition.   
  
          On
December 11, 2013, the Company sold 50% of its ownership in a parcel of undeveloped land held for sale located in California for $2,025. The buyer holds their 50% interest as a
tenant in common. No gain or loss was recorded as a result of the sale.  

         On
December 6, 2013, the Company sold a property located in Florida for $3,250 in cash. As a result of this transaction, a gain of $160 was recorded.  

         In
June 2013, the Company recorded a gain of $800 due to the condemnation of a portion of land at one self-storage property in California that resulted from eminent domain.  


         On
May 16, 2013, the Company sold a property located in New York for $950. No gain or loss was recorded as a result of the sale.  

         On
July 31, 2012, the Company acquired the land it had previously been leasing associated with a property in Bethesda, Maryland for a cash payment of $3,671.  

         As
noted above, during the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company acquired 78 properties. The following pro forma financial information includes 55 of the 78 properties
acquired. Twenty-three properties were excluded as it was impractical to obtain the historical information from the previous owners and in total they represent an immaterial amount of total revenues.
The pro forma information is based on the combined historical financial statements of the Company and 55 of the properties acquired, and presents the Company's results as if the acquisitions had
occurred as of January 1, 2012:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Total revenues 
   
 $ 
 558,484 
   
 $ 
 457,786 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 189,794 
   
 $ 
 132,744 
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 1.70 
   
 $ 
 1.30 
   
 
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 1.70 
   
 $ 
 1.30 
   
 
 
 
  
  74 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  4. PROPERTY ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS (Continued)  


         The
following table summarizes the revenues and earnings related to the acquisitions since the acquisition dates, included in the consolidated income statement for the year ended
December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the 
Year Ended 
December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   Total revenues 
   
 $ 
 17,907 
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 6,132 
   
 
 
 
  
   5. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES   


 
        Investments in unconsolidated real estate ventures consist of the following:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Investment balance at 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 Equity 
Ownership %  
   
 Excess Profit 
Participation %  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Extra Space West One LLC ("ESW") 
   
 5% 
   
 40% 
   
 $ 
 138 
   
 $ 
 413 
   
 
 
   Extra Space West Two LLC ("ESW II") 
   
 5% 
   
 40% 
   
   
 4,286 
   
   
 4,404 
   
 
 
   Extra Space Northern Properties Six LLC ("ESNPS") 
   
 10% 
   
 35% 
   
   
 263 
   
   
 626 
   
 
 
   Extra Space of Santa Monica LLC ("ESSM") 
   
 48% 
   
 48% 
   
   
 2,541 
   
   
 2,655 
   
 
 
   Clarendon Storage Associates Limited Partnership ("Clarendon") 
   
 50% 
   
 50% 
   
   
 3,155 
   
   
 3,160 
   
 
 
   HSRE-ESP IA, LLC ("HSRE") 
   
 99% 
   
 99% 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 12,506 
   
 
 
   PRISA Self Storage LLC ("PRISA") 
   
 2% 
   
 17% 
   
   
 10,737 
   
   
 10,972 
   
 
 
   PRISA II Self Storage LLC ("PRISA II") 
   
 2% 
   
 17% 
   
   
 9,143 
   
   
 9,331 
   
 
 
   VRS Self Storage LLC ("VRS") 
   
 45% 
   
 54% 
   
   
 41,810 
   
   
 43,107 
   
 
 
   WCOT Self Storage LLC ("WCOT") 
   
 5% 
   
 20% 
   
   
 4,145 
   
   
 4,315 
   
 
 
   Storage Portfolio I LLC ("SP I") 
   
 25% 
   
 25 - 40% 
   
   
 12,343 
   
   
 12,587 
   
 
 
   Extra Space of Eastern Avenue LLC ("Eastern Avenue") 
   
 58% 
   
 40% 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,305 
   
 
 
   Extra Space of Montrose Avenue LLC ("Montrose") 
   
 39% 
   
 50% 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,173 
   
 
 
   Other unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
 18 - 50% 
   
 19 - 50% 
   
   
 (436 
 ) 
   
 (1,241 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 88,125 
   
 $ 
 106,313 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 
  
          In
these joint ventures, the Company and the joint venture partner generally receive a preferred return on their invested capital. To the extent that cash/profits in excess of these
preferred returns are generated through operations or capital transactions, the Company would receive a higher percentage of the excess cash/profits than its equity interest.  

         In
accordance with ASC 810, the Company reviews all of its joint venture relationships quarterly to ensure that there are no entities that require consolidation. As of
December 31, 2013, there were no previously unconsolidated entities that were required to be consolidated as a result of this review.  

 75 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  5. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES (Continued)  

         On
December 2, 2013 and December 3, 2013, the Company acquired its joint venture partners' 65% interests in five joint ventures, each of which held one property in
California, resulting in full ownership by the Company. Prior to the acquisition date the Company accounted for its 35% interests in these joint ventures as equity-method investments. The total
acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interests was approximately $8,400 and is included as consideration transferred. The Company recognized non-cash gains of $9,340 as a result of
re-measuring its prior equity interests in these joint ventures held before the acquisition. These five properties were acquired in exchange for approximately $29,054 of cash and 295,107
Series C Units valued at $12,424. These amounts were previously classified in other minority owned properties in the table above.  

         On
November 1, 2013, the Company acquired its joint venture partner's 49% interest in HSRE-ESP IA, LLC ("HSRE"), an existing joint venture, for $43,475 in cash and the
assumption of a $96,516 loan. The result of this acquisition is that the Company owns a 99% interest in HSRE. The joint venture partner retained a 1% interest, valued at $870, which was recorded at
fair value based on the fair value of the assets in the joint venture and is included in other noncontrolling interests on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. HSRE owns 19 properties in various
states. The properties are now consolidated as the Company owns the majority interest in the joint venture. Prior to the acquisition date, the Company accounted for its 50% interest in the joint
venture as an equity-method investment. The acquisition date fair value of the previous equity interest was approximately $43,500, and is included as consideration transferred. The Company recognized
a non-cash gain of $34,137 as a result of re-measuring its prior equity interest in HSRE held before the acquisition.  


         On
February 13, 2013, the Company acquired its joint venture partner's 48% equity interest in Extra Space of Eastern Avenue LLC ("Eastern Avenue"), which owned one
self-storage property located in Maryland, for approximately $5,979. Prior to the acquisition, the remaining 52% interest was owned by the Company, which accounted for its investment in Eastern Avenue
using the equity method. The Company recorded a non-cash gain of $2,215 related to this transaction, which represents the increase in fair value of the Company's interest in Eastern Avenue from its
formation to the acquisition date.  

         On
February 13, 2013, the Company acquired its joint venture partner's 61% equity interest in Extra Space of Montrose Avenue LLC ("Montrose"), which owned one self-storage
property located in Illinois, for approximately $6,878. Prior to the acquisition, the remaining 39% interest was owned by the Company, which accounted for its investment in Montrose using the equity
method. The Company recorded a non-cash gain of $341 related to this transaction, which represents the increase in fair value of the Company's interest in the joint venture from its formation to the
acquisition date.  

         On
December 20, 2012 two joint ventures in which the Company held 20% interests each sold their only self storage properties. Both properties were located in Illinois. As a result
of the sale, the joint ventures were dissolved, and the Company received cash proceeds which resulted in a gain of $1,409.  


         On
November 30, 2012, the Company completed the acquisition of its joint venture partner's 80% interest in SPB II, which owned 21 properties located in eleven states. Prior to the
acquisition, the remaining 20% interest was owned by the Company, which accounted for its investment in SPB II using  

 76 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  5. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES (Continued)  

 the
equity method. Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company had full ownership. GAAP requires an entity that completes a business combination in stages to re-measure its previously held equity
interest in the acquiree at its acquisition date fair value and recognize the resulting gain or loss, if any, in earnings. The Company recorded a gain of $10,171 related to this transaction, which
represents the increase in fair value of the Company's 20% interest in SPB II from the time the Company purchased its interest in the joint venture to the acquisition date.  

         On
July 2, 2012, the Company completed the acquisition of PREI®'s 94.9% interest in PRISA III, which was formed in 2005 and owned 36 properties located in 18 states.
Prior to the acquisition, the remaining 5.1% interest was owned by the Company, which accounted for its investment in PRISA III using the equity method. Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company had
full ownership. GAAP requires an entity that completes a business combination in stages to re-measure its previously held equity interest in the acquiree at its acquisition date fair value and
recognize the resulting gain or loss, if any, in earnings. The Company recorded a gain of $13,499 related to this transaction, which represents the increase in fair value of the Company's 5.1%
interest in PRISA III from the formation of the joint venture to the acquisition date.  

         On
February 17, 2012, a joint venture in which the Company held a 40% equity interest sold its only self-storage property. The property was located in New York. As a result of the
sale, the joint venture was dissolved, and the Company received cash proceeds which resulted in a gain of $5,550.  


         On
January 15, 2012, the Company sold its 40% equity interest in U-Storage de Mexico S.A. and related entities to its joint venture partners for $4,841. The Company
received cash of $1,492 and a note receivable of $3,349. No gain or loss was recorded on the sale. At December 31, 2013, the balance of the note receivable was $747. The note receivable is due
December 15, 2014.  

 77 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  5. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES (Continued)  


         Equity
in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures consists of the following:  

         Equity
in earnings of real estate ventures consists of the following for the periods ended:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of ESW 
   
 $ 
 1,406 
   
 $ 
 1,263 
   
 $ 
 1,156 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings (losses) of ESW II 
   
   
 50 
   
   
 26 
   
   
 (8 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity in earnings of ESNPS 
   
   
 461 
   
   
 382 
   
   
 338 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of ESSM 
   
   
 369 
   
   
 314 
   
   
 114 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of Clarendon 
   
   
 516 
   
   
 471 
   
   
 465 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of HSRE 
   
   
 1,428 
   
   
 1,298 
   
   
 388 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of PRISA 
   
   
 890 
   
   
 821 
   
   
 674 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of PRISA II 
   
   
 703 
   
   
 643 
   
   
 530 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of PRISA III 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 187 
   
   
 330 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of VRS 
   
   
 3,464 
   
   
 2,849 
   
   
 2,279 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of WCOT 
   
   
 448 
   
   
 370 
   
   
 92 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings (losses) of SP I 
   
   
 1,243 
   
   
 1,103 
   
   
 (116 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity in earnings of SPB II 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 430 
   
   
 301 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of Everest 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 88 
   
 
 
   Equity in earnings of Eastern Avenue 
   
   
 461 
   
   
 157 
   
   
 137 
   
 
 
   Equity in losses of Montrose 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (20 
 ) 
   
 (46 
 ) 
 
 
   Equity in earnings of other minority owned properties 
   
   
 214 
   
   
 565 
   
   
 565 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 11,653 
   
 $ 
 10,859 
   
 $ 
 7,287 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Equity
in earnings (losses) of ESW II, SP I and SPB II includes the amortization of the Company's excess purchase price of $25,713 of these equity investments over its original basis.
The excess basis is amortized over 40 years.  

 78 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  5. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES (Continued)  

         Information
(unaudited) related to the real estate ventures' debt at December 31, 2013, is presented below:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Loan Amount  
   
 Current 
Interest Rate  
   
 Debt 
Maturity  
 
 
   ESW—Fixed 
   
 $ 
 16,700 
   
   
 5.00 
 % 
 September 2015 
 
 
   ESW II—Swapped to fixed 
   
   
 19,327 
   
   
 3.57 
 % 
 February 2019 
 
 
   ESNPS—Fixed 
   
   
 34,500 
   
   
 5.27 
 % 
 June 2015 
 
 
   ESSM—Variable 
   
   
 11,125 
   
   
 2.19 
 % 
 November 2014 
 
 
   Clarendon—Swapped to fixed 
   
   
 8,024 
   
   
 5.93 
 % 
 September 2018 
 
 
   PRISA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 Unleveraged 
 
 
   PRISA II 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 Unleveraged 
 
 
   VRS—Swapped to fixed 
   
   
 52,100 
   
   
 3.34 
 % 
 July 2019 
 
 
   WCOT—Swapped to fixed 
   
   
 87,500 
   
   
 3.34 
 % 
 August 2019 
 
 
   SP I—Fixed 
   
   
 93,994 
   
   
 4.66 
 % 
 April 2018 
 
 
   Other minority owned properties 
   
   
 25,504 
   
   
 Various 
   
 Various 
 
 
 
  
          Combined,
condensed unaudited financial information of ESW, ESW II, ESNPS, PRISA, PRISA II, PRISA III, VRS, WCOT, SP I and SPB II and HSRE as of December 31, 2013
and 2012, and for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31,  
   
 
 
 Balance Sheets:

 

  
   
 2013(a)  
   
 2012(a)(b)  
   
 
 
   Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net real estate assets 
   
 $ 
 1,474,754 
   
 $ 
 1,633,402 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 33,788 
   
   
 33,103 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 1,508,542 
   
 $ 
 1,666,505 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Liabilities and members' equity: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Notes payable 
   
 $ 
 304,121 
   
 $ 
 404,630 
   
 
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 22,040 
   
   
 27,383 
   
 
 
   Members' equity 
   
   
 1,182,381 
   
   
 1,234,492 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 1,508,542 
   
 $ 
 1,666,505 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
 Statements of Income:

 

  
   
 2013(a)  
   
 2012(a)(b)  
   
 2011(b)  
   
 
 
   Rents and other income 
   
 $ 
 260,487 
   
 $ 
 266,222 
   
 $ 
 304,499 
   
 
 
   Expenses 
   
   
 149,595 
   
   
 164,285 
   
   
 217,114 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 110,892 
   
 $ 
 101,937 
   
 $ 
 87,385 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (a) On
November 1, 2013 the Company acquired its partner's 49% interest in HSRE as disclosed in Note 4. Property Acquisitions and Dispositions. As
such, HSRE is now consolidated on the Company's balance sheet and has been excluded from the 2013 balance sheet table above.  
  
  79 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  5. INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED REAL ESTATE VENTURES (Continued)  
  
  
 (b) The
income statement information for the years ended December 31, 2012 and 2011 includes results from PRISA III and SPB II, which were acquired by
the Company during 2012. Balance sheet information as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 does not include PRISA III or SPB II.   
  
   Variable Interests in Unconsolidated Real Estate Joint Ventures:   

         The Company has an interest in one unconsolidated joint venture with an unrelated third party which is a variable interest entity
("VIE"). The Company holds an 18% equity interest and a 50% profit interest in the VIE joint venture ("VIE JV"), and has 50% of the voting rights in the VIE JV. Qualification as a VIE was based on the
determination that the equity investment at risk for the joint venture was not sufficient based on a qualitative and quantitative analysis performed by the Company. The Company performed a qualitative
analysis for the joint venture to
determine which party was the primary beneficiary of each VIE. The Company determined that since the powers to direct the activities most significant to the economic performance of the entity is
shared equally by the Company and its joint venture partner, there is no primary beneficiary. Accordingly, the interest is recorded using the equity method.  

         The
VIE JV owns a single self-storage property. This joint venture is financed through a combination of (1) equity contributions from the Company and its joint venture partner,
(2) a primary mortgage note payable and (3) amounts payable to the Company. The amounts payable to the Company consist of amounts owed for expenses paid on behalf of the joint venture by
the Company as manager and a secondary mortgage notes payable to the Company. The Company performs management services for the VIE JV in exchange for a management fee of approximately 6% of cash
collected by the property. Except as disclosed, the Company has not provided financial or other support during the periods presented to the VIE JV that it was not previously contractually obligated to
provide.  

         The
Company guarantees the primary mortgage notes payable of the VIE JV. The Company's maximum exposure to loss for this joint venture as of December 31, 2013, is the total of the
guaranteed loan balance, the amounts payable to the Company and the Company's investment balances in the joint venture. The Company believes that the risk of incurring a material loss as a result of
having to perform on the loan guarantee is unlikely and, therefore, no liability has been recorded related to this guarantee. Also, repossessing and/or selling the self-storage facility and land that
collateralize the loan could provide funds sufficient to reimburse the Company.  

         The
following table compares the liability balance and the maximum exposure to loss related to the Company's VIE JV as of December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Liability 
Balance  
   
 Investment 
Balance  
   
 Balance of 
Guaranteed 
Loan  
   
 Amounts 
Payable to 
the Company  
   
 Maximum 
Exposure 
to Loss  
   
 Difference  
   
 
 
   Extra Space of Sacramento One LLC 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 (1,096 
 ) 
 $ 
 4,307 
   
 $ 
 6,283 
   
 $ 
 9,494 
   
 $ 
 (9,494 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
  The
Company had no consolidated VIEs for the year ended December 31, 2013.  

 80 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

  December 31, 2013   

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)   

  6. OTHER ASSETS   

 
        The components of other assets are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   Equipment and fixtures 
   
 $ 
 21,774 
   
 $ 
 15,090 
   
 
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation 
   
   
 (12,805 
 ) 
   
 (10,223 
 ) 
 
 
   Other intangible assets 
   
   
 6,460 
   
   
 3,434 
   
 
 
   Deferred financing costs, net 
   
   
 21,881 
   
   
 19,783 
   
 
 
   Prepaid expenses and deposits 
   
   
 8,355 
   
   
 7,934 
   
 
 
   Receivables, net 
   
   
 32,025 
   
   
 19,881 
   
 
 
   Investments in Trusts 
   
   
 3,590 
   
   
 3,590 
   
 
 
   Income taxes receivable 
   
   
 1,845 
   
   
 3,609 
   
 
 
   Fair value of interest rate swaps 
   
   
 13,630 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax asset 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,505 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 96,755 
   
 $ 
 66,603 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   7. NOTES PAYABLE   

 
        The components of notes payable are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   Fixed Rate 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Mortgage loans with banks (including loans subject to interest rate swaps) bearing interest at fixed rates between 2.8% and 6.7%. The loans are
collateralized by mortgages on real estate assets and the assignment of rents. Principal and interest payments are made monthly with all outstanding principal and interest due between May 2014 and April 2021.  
   
 $ 
 1,249,295 
   
 $ 
 1,156,015 
   
 
 
   Variable Rate 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Mortgage loans with banks bearing floating interest rates based on LIBOR and Prime. Interest rates based on LIBOR are between LIBOR plus 1.8% (1.97% at
December 31, 2013 and 2.21% December 31, 2012) and LIBOR plus 2.1% (2.27% at December 31, 2013 and 3.21% December 31, 2012). Interest rates based on Prime are 3.25% at December 31, 2013. The loans are collateralized by
mortgages on real estate assets and the assignment of rents. Principal and interest payments are made monthly with all outstanding principal and interest due between December 2014 and April 2020.  
   
   
 339,301 
   
   
 213,675 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 1,588,596 
   
 $ 
 1,369,690 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  81 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  7. NOTES PAYABLE (Continued)  

         The
following table summarizes the scheduled maturities of notes payable at December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   2014 
   
 $ 
 29,004 
   
 
 
   2015 
   
   
 257,432 
   
 
 
   2016 
   
   
 156,315 
   
 
 
   2017 
   
   
 422,215 
   
 
 
   2018 
   
   
 137,794 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 585,836 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 1,588,596 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Certain
mortgage and construction loans with variable interest rates are subject to interest rate floors starting at 2.05%. Real estate assets are pledged as collateral for the notes
payable. Of the Company's $1,588,596 in notes payable outstanding at December 31, 2013, $1,016,463 were recourse due to guarantees or other security provisions. The Company is subject to
certain restrictive covenants relating
to the outstanding notes payable. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants at December 31, 2013.  

  8. DERIVATIVES   

 
        The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and
operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the amount, sources
and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business
activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. The Company's derivative financial instruments are
used to manage differences in the amount, timing and duration of the Company's known or expected cash receipts and its known or expected cash payments principally related to the Company's investments
and borrowings.  

  Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk   

         The Company's objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to
interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow
hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional
amount.  

         The
effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive deficit and is
subsequently reclassified into
earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. A portion of these changes is excluded from accumulated other comprehensive income as it is allocated to noncontrolling
interests. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, such derivatives were used to  

 82 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  8. DERIVATIVES (Continued)  

 hedge
the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. During 2014, the Company estimates that an additional $8,298 will be reclassified as an increase to interest expense.  


         The
following table summarizes the terms of the Company's 22 derivative financial instruments as of December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Hedge Product

 

  
   
 Current Notional 
Amounts  
   
 Strike  
   
 Effective Dates  
   
 Maturity Dates  
 
 
   Swap Agreements 
   
 $4,780 - $96,107 
   
 2.79% - 6.32% 
   
 7/1/2009 - 7/25/2013 
   
 7/1/2014 - 4/1/2021 
 
 
 
  
   Fair Values of Derivative Instruments   

         The table below presents the fair value of the Company's derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the
consolidated balance sheets:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Asset (Liability) Derivatives  
   
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
 Derivatives designated as 
hedging instruments:

 

  
   
 Balance Sheet 
Location  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 Balance Sheet 
Location  
   
 Fair 
Value  
   
 
 
   Swap Agreements 
   
 Other assets 
   
 $ 
 13,630 
   
 Other assets 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Swap Agreements 
   
 Other liabilities 
   
 $ 
 (3,684 
 ) 
 Other liabilities 
   
 $ 
 (15,228 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
   Effect of Derivative Instruments   


         The tables below present the effect of the Company's derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations for
the periods presented. No tax effect has been presented as the derivative instruments are held by the Company:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 Classification of 
Income (Expense)  
   
 
 
 Type

 

  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Swap Agreements 
   
 Interest expense 
   
 $ 
 (8,917 
 ) 
 $ 
 (6,758 
 ) 
 $ 
 (3,771 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gain (loss) 
reclassified 
from OCI  
   
 
 
   
   
 Gain (loss) 
recognized in OCI  
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Location of amounts 
reclassified from OCI 
into income  
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
 Type

 

  
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   Swap Agreements 
   
 $ 
 13,718 
   
 Interest expense 
   
 $ 
 (8,917 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   Credit-risk-related Contingent Features   

         The Company has agreements with some of its derivative counterparties that contain provisions pursuant to which, the Company could be
declared in default of its derivative obligations if the  

 83 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  8. DERIVATIVES (Continued)  

 Company
defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender.  

         The
Company also has an agreement with some of its derivative counterparties that incorporates the loan covenant provisions of the Company's indebtedness with a lender affiliate of the
derivative counterparty. Failure to comply with the loan covenant provisions would result in the Company being in default on any derivative instrument obligations covered by the agreement.  

         As
of December 31, 2013, the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to
these agreements was $3,684. As of December 31, 2013, the Company had not posted any collateral related to these agreements. If the Company had breached any of these provisions as of
December 31, 2013, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of $3,946.  

  9. NOTES PAYABLE TO TRUSTS   

 
        During July 2005, ESS Statutory Trust III (the "Trust III"), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a wholly-owned, unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, issued an
aggregate of $40,000 of preferred securities which mature on July 31, 2035. In addition, the Trust III issued 1,238 of Trust common securities to the Operating Partnership for a purchase price
of $1,238. On July 27, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the preferred and common securities of $41,238 were loaned in the form of a note to the Operating Partnership ("Note 3").
Note 3 had a fixed rate of 6.91% through July 31, 2010, and then was payable at a variable rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 2.40% per annum. Effective July 11, 2011, the
Trust III entered into an interest rate swap that fixes the interest rate to be paid at 4.99% per annum and matures July 11, 2018. The interest on Note 3, payable quarterly, will be used
by the Trust III to pay dividends on the trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities became redeemable by the Trust III with no prepayment premium on July 27, 2010.  


         During
May 2005, ESS Statutory Trust II (the "Trust II"), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a wholly-owned, unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership of the
Company, issued an aggregate of $41,000 of preferred securities which mature on June 30, 2035. In addition, the Trust II issued 1,269 of Trust common securities to the Operating Partnership for
a purchase price of $1,269. On May 24, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the preferred and common securities of $42,269 were loaned in the form of a note to the Operating Partnership
("Note 2"). Note 2 had a fixed rate of 6.67% through June 30, 2010, and then was payable at a variable rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 2.40% per annum. Effective
July 11, 2011, the Trust II entered into an interest rate swap that fixes the interest rate to be paid at 4.99% per annum and matures July 11, 2018. The interest on Note 2,
payable quarterly, will be used by the Trust II to pay dividends on the trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities became redeemable by the Trust II with no prepayment premium on
June 30, 2010.  

         During
April 2005, ESS Statutory Trust I (the "Trust"), a newly formed Delaware statutory trust and a wholly-owned, unconsolidated subsidiary of the Operating Partnership of the Company
issued an aggregate of $35,000 of trust preferred securities which mature on June 30, 2035. In addition, the Trust issued 1,083 of Trust common securities to the Operating Partnership for a
purchase price of $1,083.  

 84 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  9. NOTES PAYABLE TO TRUSTS (Continued)  

 On
April 8, 2005, the proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred and common securities of $36,083 were loaned in the form of a note to the Operating Partnership (the "Note"). The Note has a
variable rate equal to the three-month LIBOR plus 2.25% per annum. Effective June 30, 2010, the Trust entered into an interest rate swap that fixes the interest rate to be paid at 5.62% per
annum and matures on June 30, 2015. The interest on the Note, payable quarterly, will be used by the Trust to pay dividends on the trust preferred securities. The trust preferred securities
became redeemable by the Trust with no prepayment premium on June 30, 2010.  


         Trust,
Trust II and Trust III (together, the "Trusts") are VIEs because the holders of the equity investment at risk (the trust preferred securities) do not have the power to direct the
activities of the entities that most significantly affect the entities' economic performance because of their lack of voting or similar rights. Because the Operating Partnership's investment in the
Trusts' common securities was financed directly by the Trusts as a result of its loan of the proceeds to the Operating Partnership, that investment is not considered to be an equity investment at
risk. The Operating Partnership's investment in the Trusts is not a variable interest because equity interests are variable interests only to the extent that the investment is considered to be at
risk, and therefore the Operating Partnership cannot be the primary beneficiary of the Trusts. Since the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the Trusts, they have not been consolidated. A debt
obligation has been recorded in the form of notes as discussed above for the proceeds, which are owed to the Trusts by the Company. The Company has also recorded its investment in the Trusts' common
securities as other assets.  

         The
Company has not provided financing or other support during the periods presented to the Trusts that it was not previously contractually obligated to provide. The Company's maximum
exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the Trusts is equal to the total amount of the notes discussed above less the amounts of the Company's investments in the Trusts' common
securities. The net amount is the notes payable that the Trusts owe to third parties for their investments in the Trusts' preferred securities.  

         Following
is a tabular comparison of the liabilities the Company has recorded as a result of its involvements with the Trusts to the maximum exposure to loss the Company is subject to
related to the Trusts as of December 31, 2013:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Notes payable 
to Trusts  
   
 Investment 
Balance  
   
 Maximum 
exposure to loss  
   
 Difference  
   
 
 
   Trust 
   
 $ 
 36,083 
   
 $ 
 1,083 
   
 $ 
 35,000 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Trust II 
   
   
 42,269 
   
   
 1,269 
   
   
 41,000 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Trust III 
   
   
 41,238 
   
   
 1,238 
   
   
 40,000 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 119,590 
   
 $ 
 3,590 
   
 $ 
 116,000 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   10. EXCHANGEABLE SENIOR NOTES   

 
        On June 21, 2013, the Operating Partnership issued $250,000 of its 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033 due 2033 at a 1.5% discount, or $3,750. Costs incurred to issue the
Notes due 2033 were approximately $1,672. These costs are being amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over  

 85 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  10. EXCHANGEABLE SENIOR NOTES (Continued)  

 five
years, which represents the estimated term based on the first available redemption date, and are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. The Notes due 2033 are general
unsecured senior obligations of the Operating Partnership and are fully guaranteed by the Company. Interest is payable on January 1 and July 1 of each year beginning January 1,
2014, until the maturity date of July 1, 2033. The Notes due 2033 bear interest at 2.375% per annum and contain an exchange settlement feature, which provides that the Notes due 2033 may, under
certain circumstances, be exchangeable for cash (for the principal amount of the Notes due 2033) and, with respect to any excess exchange value, for cash, shares of the Company's common stock or a
combination of cash and shares of the Company's common stock at the Company's option. The initial exchange rate of the Notes due 2033 is approximately 17.96 shares of the Company's common stock per
$1,000 principal amount of the Notes due 2033.  

         The
Operating Partnership may redeem the Notes due 2033 at any time to preserve the Company's status as a REIT. In addition, on or after July 5, 2018, the Operating Partnership
may redeem the Notes due 2033 for cash, in whole or in part, at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, upon at least 30 days but not more than 60 days prior
written notice to the holders of the Notes due 2033. The holders of the Notes due 2033 have the right to require the Operating Partnership to repurchase the Notes due 2033 for cash, in whole or in
part, on July 1 of the years 2018, 2023, and 2028, and upon the occurrence of certain designated events, in each case for a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes
due 2033 plus accrued and unpaid interest. Certain events are considered "Events of Default," as defined in the indenture governing the Notes due 2033, which may result in the accelerated maturity of
the Notes due 2033.  

         GAAP
requires entities with convertible debt instruments that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion to separately account for the liability and equity components
of the instrument in a manner that reflects the issuer's economic interest cost. The Company therefore accounts for the liability and equity components of the Notes due 2033 separately. The equity
component is included in paid-in capital in stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheet, and the value of the equity component is treated as original issue discount for purposes of
accounting for the debt component. The discount is being amortized as interest expense over the remaining period of the debt through its first redemption date, July 1, 2018. The effective
interest rate on the liability component is 4.0%.  


         Information
about the carrying amount of the equity component, the principal amount of the liability component, its unamortized discount and its net carrying amount were as follows for
the periods indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   Carrying amount of equity component 
   
 $ 
 (14,496 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Principal amount of liability component 
   
 $ 
 250,000 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
   Unamortized discount—equity component 
   
   
 (13,131 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Unamortized cash discount 
   
   
 (3,356 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net carrying amount of liability component 
   
 $ 
 233,513 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  86 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  10. EXCHANGEABLE SENIOR NOTES (Continued)  

         On
March 27, 2007, the Company's Operating Partnership issued $250,000 of 3.625% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2027. The Notes due 2027 bore interest at 3.625% per annum and
contained an exchange settlement feature, which provided that under certain circumstances, the Notes due 2027 could have been exchanged for cash (up to the principal amount) and, with respect to any
excess exchange value, for cash, shares of the Company's common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company's common stock at the option of the Operating Partnership. The Company
accounted for the liability and equity components of the Notes due 2027 separately as required under GAAP. The effective interest rate on the liability component of the Notes due 2027 was 5.75%.  

         On
March 1, 2012, the Company announced that the holders of the Operating Partnership's then-outstanding $87,663 principal amount of the Notes due 2027 had the right to surrender
their notes for repurchase by the Operating Partnership on April 1, 2012 for 100% of the principal amount, pursuant to the holders' rights under the indenture governing the Notes due 2027.  


         As
of April 3, 2012, the Company received notice that the holders of the entire $87,663 principal amount of the Notes due 2027 had surrendered their notes for exchange. On
April 26, 2012, the Company settled the exchange by paying cash for the principal amount, as required by the indenture, and issuing 684,685 shares of common stock for the value in excess of the
principal amount. The
issuance of shares was reflected as an increase in paid-in-capital with a corresponding decrease in paid-in-capital attributable to the reacquisition of the equity component of the convertible debt.  


         The
amount of interest cost recognized relating to the contractual interest rate and the amortization of the discount on the liability component for the Notes due 2033 and the Notes due
2027 was as follows for the periods presented:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Contractual interest 
   
 $ 
 3,134 
   
 $ 
 790 
   
 $ 
 3,178 
   
 
 
   Amortization of discount 
   
   
 1,404 
   
   
 444 
   
   
 1,761 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total interest expense recognized 
   
 $ 
 4,538 
   
 $ 
 1,234 
   
 $ 
 4,939 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  87 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

  December 31, 2013   

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)   


  11. LINES OF CREDIT   

 
        All of the Company's lines of credit are guaranteed by the Company and secured by mortgages on certain real estate assets. The following table presents information on the Company's lines
of credit, the proceeds of which are used to repay debt and for general corporate purposes, for the periods indicated:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 As of December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 Line of Credit

 

  
   
 Amount 
Drawn  
   
 Capacity  
   
 Interest 
Rate  
   
 Origination 
Date  
   
 Maturity  
   
 Basis Rate  
   
 Notes  
 
 
   Credit Line 1 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 75,000 
   
   
 2.07 
 % 
   
 2/13/2009 
   
   
 5/13/2014 
   
   
 LIBOR plus 1.90 
 % 
 (1) 
 
 
   Credit Line 2 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 85,000 
   
   
 2.07 
 % 
   
 6/4/2010 
   
   
 6/3/2016 
   
   
 LIBOR plus 1.90 
 % 
 (2) 
 
 
   Credit Line 3 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 40,000 
   
   
 2.37 
 % 
   
 11/16/2010 
   
   
 2/13/2017 
   
   
 LIBOR plus 2.20 
 % 
 (3)(4) 
 
 
   Credit Line 4 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 80,000 
   
   
 1.87 
 % 
   
 4/29/2011 
   
   
 11/18/2016 
   
   
 LIBOR plus 1.70 
 % 
 (4) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 280,000 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) One
year extension available
 (2) One
two-year extension available
 (3) Amended
February 13, 2014 to extend the maturity date to February 13, 2017, increase the capacity to $50,000 and lower the interest rate to
Libor plus 1.75%.
 (4) Two
one-year extensions available   
  
   12. OTHER LIABILITIES   

 
        The components of other liabilities are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   Deferred rental income 
   
 $ 
 24,037 
   
 $ 
 20,752 
   
 
 
   Lease obligation liability 
   
   
 2,076 
   
   
 3,826 
   
 
 
   Fair value of interest rate swaps 
   
   
 3,684 
   
   
 15,228 
   
 
 
   Income taxes payable 
   
   
 671 
   
   
 1,414 
   
 
 
   Deferred tax liability 
   
   
 3,481 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
   Other miscellaneous liabilities 
   
   
 4,048 
   
   
 7,028 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 37,997 
   
 $ 
 48,248 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          Included
in the lease obligation liability is approximately $2,352 and $3,826 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to minimum rentals to be
received in the future under non-cancelable subleases.  

         Included
in other miscellaneous liabilities is unpaid claims related to the Company's tenant reinsurance program. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the number
of claims  

 88 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  12. OTHER LIABILITIES (Continued)  

 made
were 2,316, 2,060 and 1,834, respectively. The roll forward of the liability of unpaid claims is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 
 
   Unpaid claims liability at beginning of year 
   
 $ 
 1,414 
   
 $ 
 715 
   
 
 
   Provision for current year claims 
   
   
 3,817 
   
   
 3,417 
   
 
 
   Increase (decrease) in provision for prior year claims 
   
   
 (116 
 ) 
   
 22 
   
 
 
   Payments for current year claims 
   
   
 (2,627 
 ) 
   
 (2,028 
 ) 
 
 
   Payments for prior year claims 
   
   
 (1,252 
 ) 
   
 (712 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Unpaid claims liability at the end of the year 
   
 $ 
 1,236 
   
 $ 
 1,414 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   13. RELATED PARTY AND AFFILIATED REAL ESTATE JOINT VENTURE TRANSACTIONS   

 
        The Company provides management services to certain joint ventures, third parties and other related party properties. Management agreements provide generally for management fees of 6% of
cash collected from total revenues for the management of operations at the self-storage facilities. In addition, the Company receives an asset management fee equal to 50 basis points multiplied by the
total asset value of the properties owned by the SPI joint venture, provided certain requirements are met.  

 89 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  13. RELATED PARTY AND AFFILIATED REAL ESTATE JOINT VENTURE TRANSACTIONS (Continued)  


         Management
fee revenues for related party and affiliated real estate joint ventures are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
 Entity

 

  
   
 Type  
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   ESW 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
 $ 
 450 
   
 $ 
 430 
   
 $ 
 410 
   
 
 
   ESW II 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 382 
   
   
 354 
   
   
 335 
   
 
 
   ESNPS 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 528 
   
   
 498 
   
   
 479 
   
 
 
   ESSM 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 117 
   
   
 107 
   
   
 85 
   
 
 
   HSRE 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 1,146 
   
   
 1,094 
   
   
 1,045 
   
 
 
   PRISA 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 5,215 
   
   
 5,174 
   
   
 4,961 
   
 
 
   PRISA II 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 4,397 
   
   
 4,138 
   
   
 4,016 
   
 
 
   PRISA III 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 920 
   
   
 1,796 
   
 
 
   VRS 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 1,286 
   
   
 1,207 
   
   
 1,156 
   
 
 
   WCOT 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 1,601 
   
   
 1,520 
   
   
 1,497 
   
 
 
   SP I 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 1,953 
   
   
 1,885 
   
   
 6,392 
   
 
 
   SPB II 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 923 
   
   
 969 
   
 
 
   Everest 
   
 Affiliated real estate joint ventures 
   
   
 15 
   
   
 133 
   
   
 528 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
 Franchisees, third parties and other 
   
   
 9,524 
   
   
 7,323 
   
   
 6,255 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 26,614 
   
 $ 
 25,706 
   
 $ 
 29,924 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          During
2011, it was discovered that the asset management fee owed to the Company by the SPI joint venture had not been recorded by either party for the five-year period ended
December 31, 2010. The annual asset management fee for this period was $885, offset by an annual reduction of $221 of equity in earnings of SPI. Therefore, the Company's net income was
understated by $664 for each year in the five-year period ended December 31, 2010. After determining that the amounts were not material either in the prior periods or the year ended
December 31, 2011 for restatement purposes, the Company recorded the asset management fee adjustments for the years 2006 through 2010 in 2011. The total prior period adjustment increased asset
management fee revenues by $4,425 and decreased equity in earnings by $1,106. Additionally, the Company recorded a receivable of $5,327 which represents the
asset management fee owed for 2006 through 2011. This receivable was paid in full by December 31, 2012.  


         Receivables
from related parties and affiliated real estate joint ventures balances are summarized as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   Mortgage notes receivable 
   
 $ 
 5,818 
   
 $ 
 7,670 
   
 
 
   Other receivables from properties 
   
   
 1,724 
   
   
 3,408 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 7,542 
   
 $ 
 11,078 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  90 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  13. RELATED PARTY AND AFFILIATED REAL ESTATE JOINT VENTURE TRANSACTIONS (Continued)  

         Other
receivables from properties consist of amounts due for management fees, asset management fees and expenses paid on behalf of the properties that the Company manages. The Company
believes that all of these related party and affiliated real estate joint venture receivables are fully collectible. The Company does not have any payables to related parties at December 31,
2013 and 2012.  

         Centershift,
a related party service provider, is partially owned by one of the Company's board members. Effective January 1, 2004, the Company entered into a license agreement
with Centershift which secures a perpetual right for continued use of STORE (the site management software used at all sites operated by the Company) in all aspects of the Company's property
acquisition, development, redevelopment and operational activities. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company paid Centershift $1,095, $1,235, and $1,087,
respectively, relating to the purchase of software and license agreements. On October 1, 2013, the Company bought out the remainder of its three year contract with Centershift for $1,500, which
is recorded in general and administrative expense. In addition, the Company purchased a copy of the STORE source code and some equipment from Centershift for $2,600. The Company no longer has any
contractual liability to Centershift.  

         The
Company has entered into an annual aircraft dry lease and service and management agreement with SpenAero, L.C. ("SpenAero"), an affiliate of Spencer F. Kirk, the Company's Chief
Executive Officer. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company pays a defined hourly rate for use of the aircraft. During the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company paid
SpenAero $803, $649, and $608, respectively. The services that the Company receives from SpenAero are similar in nature and comparable in price to those that are provided to other outside third
parties.  

  14. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   

 
        The Company's charter provides that it can issue up to 300,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par
value per share. As of December 31, 2013, 115,755,527 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding.  


         All
holders of the Company's common stock are entitled to receive dividends and to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. The transfer agent and registrar for the
Company's common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company.  

         On
November 8, 2013, the Company issued and sold 4,500,000 shares of its common stock in a public offering at a price to the underwriter of $45.81 per share. The Company received
gross proceeds of $206,145. Transaction costs were $157, resulting in net proceeds of $205,988.  

         On
November 9, 2012, the Company issued and sold 5,980,000 shares of its common stock in a public offering at a price to the underwriter of $33.98 per share. The Company received
gross proceeds of $203,200. Transaction costs were $300, resulting in net proceeds of $202,900.  

         On
April 16, 2012, the Company issued and sold 8,050,000 shares of its common stock in a public offering at a price to the underwriter of $28.22 per share. The Company received
gross proceeds of $227,171. Transaction costs were $483, resulting in net proceeds of $226,688.  

 91 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  14. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Continued)  


         In
May 2011, the Company closed a public stock offering of 5,335,423 shares of its common stock at an offering price of $21.16 per share. The Company received gross proceeds of $112,898.
Transaction costs were $549, for net proceeds of $112,349.  

  15. NONCONTROLLING INTEREST REPRESENTED BY PREFERRED OPERATING PARTNERSHIP UNITS   

  Classification of Noncontrolling Interests   

         GAAP requires a company to present ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the company in the consolidated
financial statements within the equity section, but separate from the company's equity. It also requires the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling
interest to be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statement of operations and requires changes in ownership interest to be accounted for similarly as equity transactions.
If noncontrolling interests are determined to be redeemable, they are to be carried at their redemption value as of the balance sheet date and reported as temporary equity.  

         The
Company has evaluated the terms of the Operating Partnership's preferred units and classifies the noncontrolling interest represented by the such preferred units as stockholders'
equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company will periodically evaluate individual noncontrolling interests for the ability to continue to recognize the noncontrolling amount as
permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheets. Any noncontrolling interests that fail to qualify as permanent equity will be reclassified as temporary equity and adjusted to the greater of
(1) the carrying amount, or (2) its redemption value as of the end of the period in which the determination is made.  

  Series A Participating Redeemable Preferred Units   

         On June 15, 2007, the Operating Partnership entered into a Contribution Agreement with various limited partnerships affiliated
with AAAAA Rent-A-Space to acquire ten self-storage facilities (the "Properties") in exchange for 989,980 Series A Units. The self-storage facilities are located in California and Hawaii.  

         On
June 25, 2007, the Operating Partnership loaned the holders of the Series A Units $100,000. The note receivable bears interest at 4.85%. During 2013 a loan amendment was
signed extending the maturity date to September 1, 2020. The loan is secured by the borrower's Series A Units. The holders of the Series A Units can redeem up to 114,500
Series A Units prior to the maturity date of the loan. If any redemption in excess of 114,500 Series A Units occurs prior to the maturity date, the holder of the Series A Units is
required to repay the loan as of the date of that redemption. The Series A Units are shown on the balance sheet net of the $100,000 loan because the borrower under the loan receivable is also
the holder of the Series A Units.  

         The
partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership (as amended, the "Partnership Agreement") provides for the designation and issuance of the Series A Units. The
Series A Units will have priority over all other partnership interests of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation.  

 92 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  15. NONCONTROLLING INTEREST REPRESENTED BY PREFERRED OPERATING PARTNERSHIP UNITS (Continued)  

         Under
the Partnership Agreement, Series A Units in the amount of $115,000 bear a fixed priority return of 5% and have a fixed liquidation value of $115,000. The remaining balance
participates in distributions with, and has a liquidation value equal to, that of the common OP Units. The Series A Units became redeemable at the option of the holder on September 1,
2008, which redemption obligation may be satisfied, at the Company's option, in cash or shares of its common stock.  

  Series B Redeemable Preferred Units   

         On August 29, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of 19 out of 20 self-storage facilities affiliated with All
Aboard Mini Storage, all of which are located in
California. On September 26, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of the remaining facility. These properties were acquired in exchange for $100,876 in cash (including $98,960
of debt assumed and immediately defeased at closing), 1,342,727 Series B Units valued at $33,568, and 1,448,108 common OP Units valued at $62,341.  


         The
Partnership Agreement provides for the designation and issuance of the Series B Units. The Series B Units rank junior to the Series A Units, on parity with the
Series C Units, and senior to all other partnership interests of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation.  

         The
Series B Units have a liquidation value of $25.00 per unit for a fixed liquidation value of $33,568. Holders of the Series B Units receive distributions at an annual
rate of 6%. These distributions are cumulative and accrue each quarter regardless of the declaration of dividends or distributions. The Series B Units will become redeemable at the option of
the holder on August 29, 2014 and September 26, 2014, which redemption obligations may be satisfied at the Company's option in cash or shares of its common stock.  

  Series C Convertible Redeemable Preferred Units   

         On December 2, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of six of eight self-storage facilities affiliated with
Grupe Properties Co. Inc. ("Grupe"), all of which are located in California. On December 3, 2013, the Operating Partnership completed the purchase of the remaining two facilities.
The Company previously held 35% interests in five of these eight properties through separate joint ventures with Grupe. These properties were acquired in exchange for $42,702 of cash, the assumption
of $4,342 in existing debt, and the issuance of 407,996 Series C Units valued at $17,177.  

         The
Partnership Agreement provides for the designation and issuance of the Series C Units. The Series C Units rank junior to the Series A Units, on parity with the
Series B Units, and senior to all other partnership interests of the Operating Partnership with respect to distributions and liquidation.  

         The
Series C Units have a liquidation value of $42.10 per unit. From issuance to the fifth anniversary of issuance, each Series C Unit holder will receive quarterly
distributions equal to the quarterly distribution for common OP Unit plus $0.18. Beginning on the fifth anniversary of issuance, each Series C Unit holder will receive a fixed quarterly
distribution equal to the aggregate quarterly distribution payable in respect of such Series C Unit during the four quarters immediately preceding  

 93 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  15. NONCONTROLLING INTEREST REPRESENTED BY PREFERRED OPERATING PARTNERSHIP UNITS (Continued)  

 the
fifth anniversary of issuance divided by four. These distributions are cumulative. The Series C Units will become redeemable at the option of the holder one year from the date of issuance,
which redemption obligation may be satisfied at the Company's option in cash or shares of its common stock. The Series C Units will also become convertible into common OP Units at the option of
the holder one year from the date of issuance, at a rate of 0.9145 common OP Units per Series C Unit converted. This conversion option expires upon the fifth anniversary of the date of
issuance.  

  16. NONCONTROLLING INTEREST IN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP   

 
        The Company's interest in its properties is held through the Operating Partnership. ESS Holding Business Trust I, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is the sole general partner of
the Operating Partnership. ESS Business Trust II, also a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is a limited partner of the Operating Partnership. Between its general partner and limited partner
interests, the Company held a 94.2% majority ownership interest therein as of December 31, 2013. The remaining ownership interests in the Operating Partnership (including Preferred Operating
Partnership units) of 5.8% are held by certain former owners of assets acquired by the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2013, the Operating Partnership had 4,334,118 common OP Units
outstanding.  

         The
noncontrolling interest in the Operating Partnership represents OP Units that are not owned by the Company. In conjunction with the formation of the Company and as a result of
subsequent acquisitions, certain persons and entities contributing interests in properties to the Operating Partnership received limited partnership units in the form of OP units. Limited partners who
received OP Units in the formation transactions or in exchange for contributions for interests in properties have the right to require the Operating Partnership to redeem part or all of their OP Units
for cash based upon the fair market value of an equivalent number of shares of the Company's common stock (10 day average) at the time of the redemption. Alternatively, the Company may, at its
sole discretion, elect to acquire those OP Units in exchange for shares of its common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to anti-dilution adjustments provided in the Operating Partnership
agreement. The ten day average closing
stock price at December 31, 2013, was $42.05 and there were 4,334,118 OP units outstanding. Assuming that all of the unit holders exercised their right to redeem all of their OP Units on
December 31, 2013 and the Company elected to pay the non-controlling members cash, the Company would have paid $182,250 in cash consideration to redeem the units.  

         In
October 2013, 12,500 OP Units were redeemed in exchange for the Company's common stock. In March and April 2013, 1,000 OP Units were redeemed in exchange for $41 in cash.  

         On
August 29, 2013 and September 26, 2013, the Company purchased 20 properties in California. As part of the consideration, 1,448,108 OP Units were issued for a
value of $62,341.  

         In
December 2012, 304,817 OP Units were redeemed in exchange for the Company's common stock. In April 2012, 5,475 OP Units were redeemed for $155 in cash.  

         GAAP
requires a company to present ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the company in the consolidated financial statements within the equity section but
separate from the  

 94 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  16. NONCONTROLLING INTEREST IN OPERATING PARTNERSHIP (Continued)  

 company's
equity. It also requires the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest to be clearly identified and presented on the face of the
consolidated statement of operations and requires changes in ownership interest to be accounted for similarly as equity transactions. If noncontrolling interests are determined to be redeemable, they
are to be carried at their redemption value as of the balance sheet date and reported as temporary equity.  

         The
Company has evaluated the terms of the common OP Units and classifies the noncontrolling interest represented by the common OP Units as stockholders' equity in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. The Company will periodically evaluate individual noncontrolling interests for the ability to continue to recognize the noncontrolling amount as permanent equity in the
consolidated balance sheets. Any noncontrolling interests that fail to qualify as permanent equity will be reclassified as temporary equity and adjusted to the greater of (1) the carrying
amount, or (2) its redemption value as of the end of the period in which the determination is made.  

  17. OTHER NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS   

 
        Other noncontrolling interests represent the ownership interests of various third parties in two consolidated joint ventures as of December 31, 2013. One of these consolidated
joint ventures owns one property which was under construction at December 31, 2013. The second consolidated joint venture owns 19 properties. The ownership interests of the third party owners
range from 1.0% to 3.3%. Other noncontrolling interests are included in the stockholders' equity section of the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The income or losses attributable to these third
party owners based on their ownership percentages are reflected in net income allocated to the Operating Partnership and other noncontrolling interests in the consolidated statement of operations.  

         In
November 2013, the Company purchased its joint venture partner's 10% membership interest in an existing joint venture for $1,292. The joint venture owned a single property located in
California, and as a result of the acquisition, the property became wholly-owned by the Company. Since the Company retained its controlling financial interest in the subsidiary, this transaction was
accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to zero to reflect the purchase, and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the
adjustment to the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the parent.  

         In
May 2013, the Company purchased one of its joint venture partner's 27.6% capital interest and 35% profit interest in a previously unconsolidated joint venture for $950. The partner's
interest was reported in other noncontrolling interests prior to the purchase. As a result of the acquisition, the property became wholly-owned by the Company. Since the Company retained its
controlling financial interest in the subsidiary, this transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to zero to reflect the
purchase and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the parent.  

         In
February 2013, the Company purchased one of its joint venture partner's 1.7% capital interest and 17% profit interest in consolidated property for $200. As a result, the Company's
capital interest  

 95 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  17. OTHER NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)  

 percentage
in this joint venture increased from 95% to 96.7%. Since the Company retained its controlling financial interest in the subsidiary, this transaction was accounted for as an equity
transaction. The carrying amount of the noncontrolling interest was reduced to reflect the purchase and the difference between the price paid by the Company and the adjustment to the carrying value of
the noncontrolling interest was recorded as an adjustment to equity attributable to the parent.  

  18. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION   

 
        The Company has the following plans under which shares were available for grant at December 31, 2013: 

 
 
 • The 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan as amended and restated, effective March 25, 2008, and    
 • The 2004 Non-Employee Directors' Share Plan (together, the "Plans").  
 

         Option
grants are issued with an exercise price equal to the closing price of stock on the date of grant. Unless otherwise determined by the Compensation, Nominating and Governance
Committee ("CNG Committee") at the time of grant, options shall vest ratably over a four-year period beginning on the date of grant. Each option will be exercisable once it has vested. Options are
exercisable at such times and subject to such terms as determined by the CNG Committee, but under no circumstances may be exercised if such exercise would cause a violation of the ownership limit in
the Company's charter. Options expire 10 years from the date of grant.  

         Also
as defined under the terms of the Plans, restricted stock grants may be awarded. The stock grants are subject to a vesting period over which the restrictions are released and the
stock certificates are given to the grantee. During the performance or vesting period, the grantee is not permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, encumber or assign shares of restricted stock granted
under the Plans; however, the grantee has the ability to vote the shares and receive nonforfeitable dividends paid on shares. Unless otherwise determined by the CNG Committee at the time of grant, the
forfeiture and transfer restrictions on the shares lapse over a four-year period beginning on the date of grant.  

         As
of December 31, 2013, 2,390,415 shares were available for issuance under the Plans.  

 96 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  18. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  

  Option Grants   

         A summary of stock option activity is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Options

 

  
   
 Number of Shares  
   
 Weighted Average 
Exercise Price  
   
 Weighted Average 
Remaining 
Contractual Life 
(Years)  
   
 Aggregate 
Intrinsic Value as 
of December 31, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2010 
   
   
 3,105,905 
   
 $ 
 13.13 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 110,900 
   
   
 19.60 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (1,388,269 
 ) 
   
 13.44 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 (29,675 
 ) 
   
 15.65 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 1,798,861 
   
 $ 
 13.25 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 67,084 
   
   
 27.18 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (768,853 
 ) 
   
 13.55 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 1,097,092 
   
 $ 
 13.89 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 49,075 
   
   
 38.40 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (391,543 
 ) 
   
 14.81 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Forfeited 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 754,624 
   
 $ 
 15.00 
   
   
 5.10 
   
 $ 
 20,471 
   
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Vested and Expected to Vest 
   
   
 734,400 
   
 $ 
 14.52 
   
   
 5.01 
   
 $ 
 20,276 
   
 
 
   Ending Exercisable 
   
   
 556,191 
   
 $ 
 11.84 
   
   
 4.21 
   
 $ 
 16,847 
   
 
 
 
  
          The
aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total value (the difference between the Company's closing stock price on the last trading day of 2013 and the exercise
price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on December 31, 2013. The amount of
aggregate intrinsic value will change based on the fair market value of the Company's stock.  


         The
weighted average fair value of stock options granted in 2013, 2012 and 2011, was $9.74, $6.64 and $5.39, respectively. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Expected volatility 
   
   
 42 
 % 
   
 44 
 % 
   
 45 
 % 
 
 
   Dividend yield 
   
   
 4 
 % 
   
 5 
 % 
   
 5 
 % 
 
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
   
   
 1 
 % 
   
 1 
 % 
   
 2 
 % 
 
 
   Average expected term (years) 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 5 
   
   
 5 
   
 
 
 
  
  97 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

  December 31, 2013   

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)   


  18. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)   

 
        The Black-Scholes model incorporates assumptions to value stock-based awards. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant for the
estimated life of the option. The Company uses actual historical data to calculate the expected price volatility, dividend yield and average expected term. The forfeiture rate, which is estimated at a
weighted-average of 5.0% of unvested options outstanding as of December 31, 2013, is adjusted periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ,
from the previous estimates.  

         A
summary of stock options outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2013, is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Options Outstanding  
   
 Options Exercisable  
   
 
 
 Exercise Price

 

  
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted Average 
Remaining 
Contractual Life  
   
 Weighted Average 
Exercise Price  
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted Average 
Exercise Price  
   
 
 
   $6.22 - $11.50 
   
   
 191,465 
   
   
 5.13 
   
 $ 
 6.22 
   
   
 191,465 
   
 $ 
 6.22 
   
 
 
   $11.51 - $12.50 
   
   
 192,960 
   
   
 4.83 
   
   
 12.06 
   
   
 134,315 
   
   
 12.17 
   
 
 
   $12.51 - $15.50 
   
   
 143,700 
   
   
 2.56 
   
   
 14.76 
   
   
 143,700 
   
   
 14.76 
   
 
 
   $15.51 - $19.60 
   
   
 116,350 
   
   
 5.32 
   
   
 18.37 
   
   
 75,950 
   
   
 17.71 
   
 
 
   $19.61 - $38.40 
   
   
 110,149 
   
   
 8.61 
   
   
 32.20 
   
   
 10,761 
   
   
 27.35 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   $6.22 - $38.40 
   
   
 754,624 
   
   
 5.10 
   
 $ 
 15.00 
   
   
 556,191 
   
 $ 
 11.84 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
Company recorded compensation expense relating to outstanding options of $536, $585 and $942 in general and administrative expense for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011, respectively. Total cash received for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, related to option exercises was $5,896, $10,267 and $18,622, respectively. At
December 31, 2013, there was $704 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options under the Company's 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan. That cost is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.60 years. The valuation model applied in this calculation utilizes subjective assumptions that could potentially change over time,
including the expected forfeiture rate. Therefore, the amount of unrecognized compensation expense at December 31, 2013, noted above does not necessarily represent the expense that will
ultimately be realized by the Company in the statement of operations.  

  Common Stock Granted to Employees and Directors   

         The Company recorded $4,283, $3,771 and $4,815 of expense in general and administrative expense in its statement of operations related
to outstanding shares of common stock granted to employees and directors for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The forfeiture rate, which is estimated at a
weighted-average of 9.7% of unvested awards outstanding as of December 31, 2013, is adjusted periodically based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from
the previous estimates. At December 31, 2013 there was $6,659 of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards under the Company's 2004 Long-Term
Incentive Compensation Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.95 years.  

 98 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  18. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)  

         The
fair value of common stock awards is determined based on the closing trading price of the Company's common stock on the grant date.  

         A
summary of the Company's employee and director share grant activity is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Restricted Stock Grants

 

  
   
 Shares  
   
 Weighted-Average 
Grant-Date Fair Value  
   
 
 
   Unreleased at December 31, 2010 
   
   
 891,124 
   
 $ 
 10.62 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 226,630 
   
   
 20.09 
   
 
 
   Released 
   
   
 (407,293 
 ) 
   
 11.91 
   
 
 
   Cancelled 
   
   
 (47,695 
 ) 
   
 14.31 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Unreleased at December 31, 2011 
   
   
 662,766 
   
 $ 
 12.81 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 182,052 
   
   
 28.39 
   
 
 
   Released 
   
   
 (287,754 
 ) 
   
 12.98 
   
 
 
   Cancelled 
   
   
 (16,792 
 ) 
   
 14.03 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Unreleased at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 540,272 
   
 $ 
 17.93 
   
 
 
   Granted 
   
   
 137,602 
   
   
 39.51 
   
 
 
   Released 
   
   
 (259,191 
 ) 
   
 15.11 
   
 
 
   Cancelled 
   
   
 (23,323 
 ) 
   
 23.62 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Unreleased at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 395,360 
   
 $ 
 26.96 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
   19. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN   

 
        The Company has a retirement savings plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code under which eligible employees can contribute up to 15% of their annual salary, subject
to a statutory prescribed annual limit. For the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, the Company made matching contributions to the plan of $1,013, $894, and $832, respectively, based
on 100% of the first 3% and up to 50% of the next 2% of an employee's compensation.  

  20. INCOME TAXES   

 
        As a REIT, the Company is generally not subject to federal income tax with respect to that portion of its income which is distributed annually to its stockholders. However, the Company
has elected to treat one of its corporate subsidiaries, Extra Space Management, Inc., as a taxable REIT subsidiary. In general, the Company's TRS may perform additional services for tenants and
generally may engage in any real estate or non-real estate related business. A TRS is subject to corporate federal income tax. The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the provisions
of ASC 740,  "Income Taxes."  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax bases of assets
and liabilities. The Company has elected to use the Tax-Law-Ordering approach to determine when excess tax benefits will be realized.  

 99 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  20. INCOME TAXES (Continued)  

         The
income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, is comprised of the following components:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2013  
   
 
 
   
   
 Federal  
   
 State  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Current expense 
   
 $ 
 9,572 
   
 $ 
 615 
   
 $ 
 10,187 
   
 
 
   Tax credits 
   
   
 (4,556 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (4,556 
 ) 
 
 
   Change in deferred benefit 
   
   
 4,353 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,353 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total tax expense 
   
 $ 
 9,369 
   
 $ 
 615 
   
 $ 
 9,984 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   
   
 Federal  
   
 State  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Current expense 
   
 $ 
 8,240 
   
 $ 
 612 
   
 $ 
 8,852 
   
 
 
   Tax credits 
   
   
 (5,528 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (5,528 
 ) 
 
 
   Change in deferred benefit 
   
   
 2,089 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,089 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total tax expense 
   
 $ 
 4,801 
   
 $ 
 612 
   
 $ 
 5,413 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended 
December 31, 2011  
   
 
 
   
   
 Federal  
   
 State  
   
 Total  
   
 
 
   Current expense 
   
 $ 
 1,350 
   
 $ 
 606 
   
 $ 
 1,956 
   
 
 
   Tax credits 
   
   
 (6,849 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (6,849 
 ) 
 
 
   Change in deferred benefit 
   
   
 6,048 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,048 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total tax expense 
   
 $ 
 549 
   
 $ 
 606 
   
 $ 
 1,155 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          A
reconciliation of the statutory income tax provisions to the effective income tax provisions for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   Expected tax at statutory rate 
   
 $ 
 67,012 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
 $ 
 46,586 
   
   
 35.0 
 % 
 
 
   Non-taxable REIT income 
   
   
 (53,519 
 ) 
   
 (27.9 
 )% 
   
 (37,729 
 ) 
   
 (28.3 
 )% 
 
 
   State and local tax expense (benefit)—net of federal benefit 
   
   
 615 
   
   
 0.3 
 % 
   
 612 
   
   
 0.5 
 % 
 
 
   Change in valuation allowance 
   
   
 435 
   
   
 0.2 
 % 
   
 1,641 
   
   
 1.2 
 % 
 
 
   Tax Credits (WOTC & Solar) 
   
   
 (4,562 
 ) 
   
 (2.4 
 )% 
   
 (5,528 
 ) 
   
 (4.2 
 )% 
 
 
   Miscellaneous 
   
   
 3 
   
   
 0.0 
 % 
   
 (169 
 ) 
   
 (0.1 
 )% 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total provision 
   
 $ 
 9,984 
   
   
 5.2 
 % 
 $ 
 5,413 
   
   
 4.1 
 % 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  100 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  20. INCOME TAXES (Continued)  

 The
major sources of temporary differences stated at their deferred tax effects are as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 
2013  
   
 December 31, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Deferred Tax Liabilities: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Fixed Assets 
   
 $ 
 (14,557 
 ) 
 $ 
 (9,951 
 ) 
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 (663 
 ) 
   
 (340 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 
   
 $ 
 (15,220 
 ) 
 $ 
 (10,291 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Deferred Tax Assets: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Capitive Insurance Subsidiary 
   
 $ 
 400 
   
 $ 
 385 
   
 
 
   Accrued liabilities 
   
   
 1,043 
   
   
 1,193 
   
 
 
   Stock compensation 
   
   
 1,394 
   
   
 1,333 
   
 
 
   Solar Credit 
   
   
 8,480 
   
   
 10,313 
   
 
 
   Other 
   
   
 422 
   
   
 572 
   
 
 
   State Deferreds 
   
   
 4,570 
   
   
 4,135 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Total Deferred Tax Assets 
   
 $ 
 16,309 
   
 $ 
 17,931 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Valuation Allowance 
   
 $ 
 (4,570 
 ) 
 $ 
 (4,135 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net deferred income tax assets/(liabilities) 
   
 $ 
 (3,481 
 ) 
 $ 
 3,505 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 





 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
state income tax net operating losses expire between 2014 and 2032. The deferred tax benefits associated with the state income tax net operating losses have been fully reserved
through the valuation allowance. The solar tax credit carryforwards expire in 2016. The tax years 2009 through 2012 remain open related to the state returns, and 2010 through 2012 for the federal
returns.  

  21. SEGMENT INFORMATION   

 
        The Company operates in three distinct segments; (1) rental operations; (2) tenant reinsurance; and (3) property management, acquisition and development. Management
fees collected for  

 101 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  


  21. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)  

 wholly-owned
properties are eliminated in consolidation. Financial information for the Company's business segments is set forth below:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 December 31, 2013  
   
 December 31, 2012  
   
 
 
   Balance Sheet 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Investment in unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 88,125 
   
 $ 
 106,313 
   
 
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
 $ 
 301,001 
   
 $ 
 199,379 
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
   
 3,641,746 
   
   
 2,996,453 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 34,393 
   
   
 27,645 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 3,977,140 
   
 $ 
 3,223,477 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Statement of Operations 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Total revenues 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 446,682 
   
 $ 
 346,874 
   
 $ 
 268,725 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 47,317 
   
   
 36,816 
   
   
 31,181 
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
   
 26,614 
   
   
 25,706 
   
   
 29,924 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 520,613 
   
 $ 
 409,396 
   
 $ 
 329,830 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Operating expenses, including depreciation and amortization 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 229,229 
   
 $ 
 184,540 
   
 $ 
 150,199 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 9,022 
   
   
 7,869 
   
   
 6,143 
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
   
 68,879 
   
   
 59,746 
   
   
 58,012 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 307,130 
   
 $ 
 252,155 
   
 $ 
 214,354 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income (loss) from operations 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 217,453 
   
 $ 
 162,334 
   
 $ 
 118,526 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 38,295 
   
   
 28,947 
   
   
 25,038 
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
   
 (42,265 
 ) 
   
 (34,040 
 ) 
   
 (28,088 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 213,483 
   
 $ 
 157,241 
   
 $ 
 115,476 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Gain on sale of real estate assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 960 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Loss on extinguishment of debt related to portfolio acquisition 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
 $ 
 (9,153 
 ) 
 $ 
 — 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 
  
  102 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  21. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Year Ended December 31,  
   
 
 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Interest expense 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 (69,702 
 ) 
 $ 
 (70,472 
 ) 
 $ 
 (66,598 
 ) 
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
   
 (1,928 
 ) 
   
 (1,378 
 ) 
   
 (703 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 (71,630 
 ) 
 $ 
 (71,850 
 ) 
 $ 
 (67,301 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Non-cash interest expense related to amortization of discount on equity component of exchangeable senior notes 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
 $ 
 (1,404 
 ) 
 $ 
 (444 
 ) 
 $ 
 (1,761 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Interest income 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
 $ 
 17 
   
 $ 
 12 
   
 $ 
 11 
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
   
 732 
   
   
 1,804 
   
   
 1,016 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 749 
   
 $ 
 1,816 
   
 $ 
 1,027 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Interest income on note receivable from Preferred Operating Partnership unit holder 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
 $ 
 4,850 
   
 $ 
 4,850 
   
 $ 
 4,850 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 11,653 
   
 $ 
 10,859 
   
 $ 
 7,287 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures-gain on sale of real estate assets and purchase of joint venture partners interests 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 46,032 
   
 $ 
 30,630 
   
 $ 
 — 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Income tax expense 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 (149 
 ) 
 $ 
 (660 
 ) 
 $ 
 (696 
 ) 
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 (13,409 
 ) 
   
 (10,399 
 ) 
   
 (8,767 
 ) 
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
   
 3,574 
   
   
 5,646 
   
   
 8,308 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 (9,984 
 ) 
 $ 
 (5,413 
 ) 
 $ 
 (1,155 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 





 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net income (loss) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
 $ 
 206,247 
   
 $ 
 132,691 
   
 $ 
 58,519 
   
 
 
   Tenant reinsurance 
   
   
 24,903 
   
   
 18,560 
   
   
 16,282 
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
   
 (45,594 
 ) 
   
 (23,562 
 ) 
   
 (16,378 
 ) 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 185,556 
   
 $ 
 127,689 
   
 $ 
 58,423 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization expense 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
 $ 
 6,015 
   
 $ 
 3,941 
   
 $ 
 3,296 
   
 
 
   Rental operations 
   
   
 89,217 
   
   
 70,512 
   
   
 54,718 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 95,232 
   
 $ 
 74,453 
   
 $ 
 58,014 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Statement of Cash Flows 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Acquisition, development and redevelopment of real estate assets 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Property management, acquisition and development 
   
 $ 
 (356,425 
 ) 
 $ 
 (605,486 
 ) 
 $ 
 (202,019 
 ) 
 
 
 
  
  103 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.   

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)   

  December 31, 2013   

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)   


  22. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

 
        The Company has operating leases on its corporate offices and owns 18 self-storage facilities that are subject to leases. At December 31, 2013, future minimum rental payments
under these non-cancelable operating leases were as follows (unaudited):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Less than 1 year 
   
 $ 
 7,806 
   
 
 
   Year 2 
   
   
 5,690 
   
 
 
   Year 3 
   
   
 4,565 
   
 
 
   Year 4 
   
   
 3,274 
   
 
 
   Year 5 
   
   
 2,660 
   
 
 
   Thereafter 
   
   
 45,862 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
 $ 
 69,857 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
monthly rental amounts for two of the ground leases include contingent rental payments based on the level of revenue achieved at the properties. The Company recorded expense of
$2,983, $2,830 and $2,799 related to these ground leases in the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  


         The
Company has fully guaranteed loans for the following unconsolidated joint venture (unaudited):  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 Date of 
Guaranty  
   
 Loan 
Maturity 
Date  
   
 Guaranteed 
Loan Amount  
   
 Estimated 
Fair Market 
Value of 
Assets  
   
 
 
   Extra Space of Sacramento One LLC 
   
 Apr-09 
   
 Apr-14 
   
 $ 
 4,307 
   
 $ 
 9,290 
   
 
 
 
  
          If
the joint venture defaults on the loan, the Company may be forced to repay the loan. Repossessing and/or selling the self-storage facility and land that collateralize the loan could
provide funds sufficient to reimburse the Company. The Company has recorded no liability in relation to this guarantee as of December 31, 2013, as the fair value of the guarantee is not
material. The Company believes the risk of incurring a material loss as a result of having to perform on this guarantee is remote.  


         As
of December 31, 2013, the Company was not involved in any material litigation nor, to its knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against it which, in the opinion of
management, is expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition or results of operations.  

 104 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
Extra Space Storage Inc.  

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)  

  December 31, 2013  

  (amounts in thousands, except property and share data)  

  23. SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Three Months Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 March 31, 
2013  
   
 June 30, 
2013  
   
 September 30, 
2013  
   
 December 31, 
2013  
   
 
 
   Revenues 
   
 $ 
 119,322 
   
 $ 
 126,246 
   
 $ 
 133,111 
   
 $ 
 141,934 
   
 
 
   Cost of operations 
   
   
 72,593 
   
   
 72,871 
   
   
 77,047 
   
   
 84,619 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Revenues less cost of operations 
   
 $ 
 46,729 
   
 $ 
 53,375 
   
 $ 
 56,064 
   
 $ 
 57,315 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 33,931 
   
 $ 
 37,101 
   
 $ 
 32,352 
   
 $ 
 82,172 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 31,425 
   
 $ 
 34,466 
   
 $ 
 29,245 
   
 $ 
 76,940 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share—basic 
   
 $ 
 0.28 
   
 $ 
 0.31 
   
 $ 
 0.26 
   
 $ 
 0.68 
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share—diluted 
   
 $ 
 0.28 
   
 $ 
 0.31 
   
 $ 
 0.26 
   
 $ 
 0.67 
   
 
 
 
  
    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 For the Three Months Ended  
   
 
 
   
   
 March 31, 
2012  
   
 June 30, 
2012  
   
 September 30, 
2012  
   
 December 31, 
2012  
   
 
 
   Revenues 
   
 $ 
 90,987 
   
 $ 
 94,951 
   
 $ 
 109,791 
   
 $ 
 113,667 
   
 
 
   Cost of operations 
   
   
 58,217 
   
   
 57,076 
   
   
 66,307 
   
   
 70,555 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Revenues less cost of operations 
   
 $ 
 32,770 
   
 $ 
 37,875 
   
 $ 
 43,484 
   
 $ 
 43,112 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 22,518 
   
 $ 
 24,745 
   
 $ 
 41,553 
   
 $ 
 38,873 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Net income attributable to common stockholders 
   
 $ 
 20,214 
   
 $ 
 22,413 
   
 $ 
 38,606 
   
 $ 
 36,076 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share—basic 
   
 $ 
 0.21 
   
 $ 
 0.22 
   
 $ 
 0.37 
   
 $ 
 0.33 
   
 
 
   Earnings per common share—diluted 
   
 $ 
 0.21 
   
 $ 
 0.22 
   
 $ 
 0.37 
   
 $ 
 0.33 
   
 
 
 
  
   24. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

 
        On February 5, 2014 the Company purchased a single property located in Texas for $14,150.  

         On
January 7, 2014 the Company acquired a portfolio of 17 properties located in Virginia for $199,665.  

 105 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at 
December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 8115 
   
 Auburn 
   
 AL 
   
 $ 
 2,499 
   
 $ 
 324 
   
 $ 
 1,895 
   
 $ 
 112 
   
   
   
 $ 
 324 
   
 $ 
 2,007 
   
 $ 
 2,331 
   
 $ 
 197 
   
 Aug-10 
 
 
 8116 
   
 Auburn 
   
 AL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 92 
   
   
 138 
   
   
 158 
   
   
   
   
 92 
   
   
 296 
   
   
 388 
   
   
 53 
   
 Aug-10 
 
 
 0751 
   
 Birmingham 
   
 AL 
   
   
 4,665 
   
   
 790 
   
   
 9,369 
   
   
 34 
   
   
   
   
 790 
   
   
 9,403 
   
   
 10,193 
   
   
 352 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0654 
   
 Hoover 
   
 AL 
   
   
 2,712 
   
   
 1,313 
   
   
 2,858 
   
   
 621 
   
   
   
   
 1,313 
   
   
 3,479 
   
   
 4,792 
   
   
 936 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 1542 
   
 Chandler 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 547 
   
   
 4,213 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
   
 547 
   
   
 4,216 
   
   
 4,763 
   
   
 50 
   
 Jul-13 
 
 
 0239 
   
 Mesa 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 3,291 
   
   
 1,129 
   
   
 4,402 
   
   
 40 
   
   
   
   
 1,129 
   
   
 4,442 
   
   
 5,571 
   
   
 168 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1499 
   
 Mesa 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,973 
   
   
 5,545 
   
   
 76 
   
   
   
   
 2,973 
   
   
 5,621 
   
   
 8,594 
   
   
 155 
   
 Dec-12 
 
 
 1543 
   
 Mesa 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,453 
   
   
 2,897 
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
   
 1,453 
   
   
 2,913 
   
   
 4,366 
   
   
 35 
   
 Jul-13 
 
 
 8066 
   
 Mesa 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 849 
   
   
 2,547 
   
   
 165 
   
   
   
   
 849 
   
   
 2,712 
   
   
 3,561 
   
   
 691 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1211 
   
 Peoria 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 4,374 
   
   
 652 
   
   
 4,105 
   
   
 136 
   
   
   
   
 652 
   
   
 4,241 
   
   
 4,893 
   
   
 843 
   
 Apr-06 
 
 
 1431 
   
 Peoria 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,060 
   
   
 4,731 
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
   
 1,060 
   
   
 4,743 
   
   
 5,803 
   
   
 352 
   
 Jan-11 
 
 
 0338 
   
 Phoenix 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 7,053 
   
   
 1,441 
   
   
 7,982 
   
   
 562 
   
   
   
   
 1,441 
   
   
 8,544 
   
   
 9,985 
   
   
 2,071 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0659 
   
 Phoenix 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 669 
   
   
 4,135 
   
   
 248 
   
   
   
   
 669 
   
   
 4,383 
   
   
 5,052 
   
   
 858 
   
 Jan-07 
 
 
 0822 
   
 Phoenix 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,257 
   
   
 7,820 
   
   
 42 
   
   
   
   
 2,257 
   
   
 7,862 
   
   
 10,119 
   
   
 227 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1356 
   
 Phoenix 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 3,361 
   
   
 552 
   
   
 3,530 
   
   
 230 
   
   
   
   
 552 
   
   
 3,760 
   
   
 4,312 
   
   
 815 
   
 Jun-06 
 
 
 0814 
   
 Tucson 
   
 AZ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,090 
   
   
 7,845 
   
   
 22 
   
   
   
   
 1,090 
   
   
 7,867 
   
   
 8,957 
   
   
 228 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1370 
   
 Alameda 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,919 
   
   
 12,984 
   
   
 2,027 
   
   
   
   
 2,919 
   
   
 15,011 
   
   
 17,930 
   
   
 3,062 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1522 
   
 Alhambra 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10,109 
   
   
 6,065 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
   
 10,109 
   
   
 6,067 
   
   
 16,176 
   
   
 45 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1523 
   
 Anaheim 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,593 
   
   
 3,330 
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
   
 3,593 
   
   
 3,340 
   
   
 6,933 
   
   
 25 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1524 
   
 Anaheim 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,519 
   
   
 2,886 
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
   
 2,519 
   
   
 2,894 
   
   
 5,413 
   
   
 22 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1232 
   
 Antelope 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,525 
   
   
 8,345 
   
   
 (299 
 ) 
   
   
   
 1,185 
   
   
 8,386 
   
   
 9,571 
   
   
 1,136 
   
 Jul-08 
 
 
 1471 
   
 Bellflower 
   
 CA 
   
   
 1,264 
   
   
 640 
   
   
 1,350 
   
   
 35 
   
   
   
   
 640 
   
   
 1,385 
   
   
 2,025 
   
   
 82 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1222 
   
 Belmont 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,500 
   
   
 7,280 
   
   
 52 
   
   
   
   
 3,500 
   
   
 7,332 
   
   
 10,832 
   
   
 1,208 
   
 May-07 
 
 
 1371 
   
 Berkeley 
   
 CA 
   
   
 19,782 
   
   
 1,716 
   
   
 19,602 
   
   
 1,843 
   
   
   
   
 1,716 
   
   
 21,445 
   
   
 23,161 
   
   
 3,882 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1472 
   
 Bloomington 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 934 
   
   
 1,937 
   
   
 156 
   
   
   
   
 934 
   
   
 2,093 
   
   
 3,027 
   
   
 149 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1473 
   
 Bloomington 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 647 
   
   
 1,303 
   
   
 130 
   
   
   
   
 647 
   
   
 1,433 
   
   
 2,080 
   
   
 93 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1071 
   
 Burbank 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,199 
   
   
 5,082 
   
   
 1,751 
   
   
   
   
 3,618 
   
   
 6,414 
   
   
 10,032 
   
   
 2,266 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1525 
   
 Burbank 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,061 
   
   
 5,318 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
   
 4,061 
   
   
 5,320 
   
   
 9,381 
   
   
 40 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1461 
   
 Burlingame 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,441 
   
   
 2,211 
   
   
 5,829 
   
   
 114 
   
   
   
   
 2,211 
   
   
 5,943 
   
   
 8,154 
   
   
 423 
   
 Apr-11 
 
 
 1256 
   
 Carson 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,709 
   
   
 74 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,783 
   
   
 9,783 
   
   
 702 
   
 Mar-11 
 
 
 1372 
   
 Castro Valley 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,346 
   
   
 384 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,730 
   
   
 6,730 
   
   
 1,147 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1474 
   
 Cerritos 
   
 CA 
   
   
 17,173 
   
   
 8,728 
   
   
 15,895 
   
   
 565 
   
   
   
   
 8,728 
   
   
 16,460 
   
   
 25,188 
   
   
 953 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 
  
  106 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at 
December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 0224 
   
 Chatsworth 
   
 CA 
   
   
 10,675 
   
   
 5,853 
   
   
 11,286 
   
   
 382 
   
   
   
   
 9,921 
   
   
 7,600 
   
   
 17,521 
   
   
 869 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1004 
   
 Claremont 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,472 
   
   
 2,012 
   
   
 231 
   
   
   
   
 1,472 
   
   
 2,243 
   
   
 3,715 
   
   
 618 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 1475 
   
 Claremont 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,375 
   
   
 1,434 
   
   
 168 
   
   
   
   
 1,375 
   
   
 1,602 
   
   
 2,977 
   
   
 93 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1373 
   
 Colma 
   
 CA 
   
   
 23,332 
   
   
 3,947 
   
   
 22,002 
   
   
 2,242 
   
   
   
   
 3,947 
   
   
 24,244 
   
   
 28,191 
   
   
 4,561 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1255 
   
 Compton 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,426 
   
   
 7,582 
   
   
 42 
   
   
   
   
 1,426 
   
   
 7,624 
   
   
 9,050 
   
   
 1,042 
   
 Sep-08 
 
 
 1526 
   
 Concord 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,082 
   
   
 2,822 
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
   
 3,082 
   
   
 2,829 
   
   
 5,911 
   
   
 21 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1404 
   
 El Cajon 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,100 
   
   
 6,380 
   
   
 46 
   
   
   
   
 1,100 
   
   
 6,426 
   
   
 7,526 
   
   
 692 
   
 Sep-09 
 
 
 1378 
   
 El Sobrante 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,209 
   
   
 4,018 
   
   
 1,280 
   
   
   
   
 1,209 
   
   
 5,298 
   
   
 6,507 
   
   
 1,154 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 0683 
   
 Elk Grove 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 894 
   
   
 6,949 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 894 
   
   
 6,949 
   
   
 7,843 
   
   
 7 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 0696 
   
 Elk Grove 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 640 
   
   
 8,640 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 640 
   
   
 8,640 
   
   
 9,280 
   
   
 9 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 1166 
   
 Elk Grove 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,936 
   
   
 952 
   
   
 6,936 
   
   
 441 
   
   
   
   
 1,075 
   
   
 7,254 
   
   
 8,329 
   
   
 611 
   
 Dec-07 
 
 
 0765 
   
 Fair Oaks 
   
 CA 
   
   
 4,337 
   
   
 644 
   
   
 11,287 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 644 
   
   
 11,287 
   
   
 11,931 
   
   
 12 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 1121 
   
 Fontana 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,418 
   
   
 1,246 
   
   
 3,356 
   
   
 477 
   
   
   
   
 1,300 
   
   
 3,779 
   
   
 5,079 
   
   
 1,037 
   
 Oct-03 
 
 
 1157 
   
 Fontana 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,280 
   
   
 961 
   
   
 3,846 
   
   
 428 
   
   
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 4,235 
   
   
 5,235 
   
   
 1,296 
   
 Sep-02 
 
 
 1476 
   
 Fontana 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 768 
   
   
 4,208 
   
   
 117 
   
   
   
   
 768 
   
   
 4,325 
   
   
 5,093 
   
   
 254 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1477 
   
 Fontana 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 778 
   
   
 4,723 
   
   
 119 
   
   
   
   
 778 
   
   
 4,842 
   
   
 5,620 
   
   
 291 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1478 
   
 Fontana 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,997 
   
   
 684 
   
   
 3,951 
   
   
 97 
   
   
   
   
 684 
   
   
 4,048 
   
   
 4,732 
   
   
 241 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1031 
   
 Glendale 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,084 
   
   
 254 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,338 
   
   
 6,338 
   
   
 1,644 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 0305 
   
 Hawaiian Gardens 
   
 CA 
   
   
 9,468 
   
   
 2,964 
   
   
 12,478 
   
   
 95 
   
   
   
   
 2,964 
   
   
 12,573 
   
   
 15,537 
   
   
 487 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1030 
   
 Hawthorne 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,858 
   
   
 1,532 
   
   
 3,871 
   
   
 236 
   
   
   
   
 1,532 
   
   
 4,107 
   
   
 5,639 
   
   
 1,093 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 1374 
   
 Hayward 
   
 CA 
   
   
 8,585 
   
   
 3,149 
   
   
 8,006 
   
   
 2,359 
   
   
   
   
 3,149 
   
   
 10,365 
   
   
 13,514 
   
   
 2,194 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 0177 
   
 Hemet 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,051 
   
   
 1,146 
   
   
 6,369 
   
   
 272 
   
   
   
   
 1,146 
   
   
 6,641 
   
   
 7,787 
   
   
 1,546 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1479 
   
 Hesperia 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 156 
   
   
 430 
   
   
 105 
   
   
   
   
 156 
   
   
 535 
   
   
 691 
   
   
 47 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1070 
   
 Inglewood 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,530 
   
   
 1,379 
   
   
 3,343 
   
   
 961 
   
   
   
   
 1,529 
   
   
 4,154 
   
   
 5,683 
   
   
 1,557 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1480 
   
 Irvine 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,056 
   
   
 3,821 
   
   
 3,999 
   
   
 59 
   
   
   
   
 3,821 
   
   
 4,058 
   
   
 7,879 
   
   
 240 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1481 
   
 Lake Elsinore 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,310 
   
   
 587 
   
   
 4,219 
   
   
 179 
   
   
   
   
 587 
   
   
 4,398 
   
   
 4,985 
   
   
 252 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1482 
   
 Lake Elsinore 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 294 
   
   
 2,105 
   
   
 80 
   
   
   
   
 294 
   
   
 2,185 
   
   
 2,479 
   
   
 129 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1278 
   
 Lancaster 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,425 
   
   
 5,855 
   
   
 79 
   
   
   
   
 1,425 
   
   
 5,934 
   
   
 7,359 
   
   
 619 
   
 Oct-09 
 
 
 1358 
   
 Lancaster 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,706 
   
   
 1,347 
   
   
 5,827 
   
   
 234 
   
   
   
   
 1,347 
   
   
 6,061 
   
   
 7,408 
   
   
 1,278 
   
 Jul-06 
 
 
 1013 
   
 Livermore 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,134 
   
   
 4,615 
   
   
 227 
   
   
   
   
 1,134 
   
   
 4,842 
   
   
 5,976 
   
   
 1,233 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 1483 
   
 Long Beach 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,733 
   
   
 1,772 
   
   
 2,539 
   
   
 103 
   
   
   
   
 1,772 
   
   
 2,642 
   
   
 4,414 
   
   
 160 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 0354 
   
 Long Beach 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,909 
   
   
 2,205 
   
   
 8,356 
   
   
 290 
   
   
   
   
 5,859 
   
   
 4,992 
   
   
 10,851 
   
   
 627 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 
  
  107 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at 
December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 0352 
   
 Los Angeles 
   
 CA 
   
   
 10,345 
   
   
 4,555 
   
   
 10,590 
   
   
 33 
   
   
   
   
 4,555 
   
   
 10,623 
   
   
 15,178 
   
   
 400 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0353 
   
 Los Angeles 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,276 
   
   
 3,099 
   
   
 4,889 
   
   
 35 
   
   
   
   
 3,099 
   
   
 4,924 
   
   
 8,023 
   
   
 188 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1057 
   
 Los Angeles 
   
 CA 
   
   
 9,014 
   
   
 1,431 
   
   
 2,976 
   
   
 743 
   
   
   
   
 1,611 
   
   
 3,539 
   
   
 5,150 
   
   
 1,263 
   
 Mar-00 
 
 
 1160 
   
 Los Angeles 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,991 
   
   
 9,774 
   
   
 55 
   
   
   
   
 3,991 
   
   
 9,829 
   
   
 13,820 
   
   
 1,531 
   
 Dec-07 
 
 
 1235 
   
 Los Angeles 
   
 CA 
   
   
 4,862 
   
   
 2,200 
   
   
 8,108 
   
   
 47 
   
   
   
   
 2,200 
   
   
 8,155 
   
   
 10,355 
   
   
 1,117 
   
 Sep-08 
 
 
 1563 
   
 Los Angeles 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 287 
   
   
 2,011 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 287 
   
   
 2,011 
   
   
 2,298 
   
   
 2 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 1296 
   
 Los Gatos 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,550 
   
   
 8,257 
   
   
 52 
   
   
   
   
 2,550 
   
   
 8,309 
   
   
 10,859 
   
   
 402 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 8055 
   
 Manteca 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,673 
   
   
 848 
   
   
 2,543 
   
   
 146 
   
   
   
   
 848 
   
   
 2,689 
   
   
 3,537 
   
   
 717 
   
 Jan-04 
 
 
 0107 
   
 Marina del Rey 
   
 CA 
   
   
 17,537 
   
   
 14,875 
   
   
 22,464 
   
   
 1,332 
   
   
   
   
 19,928 
   
   
 18,743 
   
   
 38,671 
   
   
 1,588 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1527 
   
 Menlo Park 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,675 
   
   
 1,812 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
   
 7,675 
   
   
 1,815 
   
   
 9,490 
   
   
 14 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1383 
   
 Modesto 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,231 
   
   
 909 
   
   
 3,043 
   
   
 269 
   
   
   
   
 909 
   
   
 3,312 
   
   
 4,221 
   
   
 651 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1528 
   
 Modesto 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,647 
   
   
 4,215 
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
   
 1,647 
   
   
 4,223 
   
   
 5,870 
   
   
 32 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 0231 
   
 Moreno Valley 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,121 
   
   
 482 
   
   
 3,484 
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
   
 482 
   
   
 3,505 
   
   
 3,987 
   
   
 132 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0484 
   
 North Highlands 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,097 
   
   
 1,020 
   
   
 2,516 
   
   
 75 
   
   
   
   
 798 
   
   
 2,813 
   
   
 3,611 
   
   
 288 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1122 
   
 North Hollywood 
   
 CA 
   
   
 7,069 
   
   
 3,125 
   
   
 9,257 
   
   
 138 
   
   
   
   
 3,125 
   
   
 9,395 
   
   
 12,520 
   
   
 1,861 
   
 May-06 
 
 
 1529 
   
 North Hollywood 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,501 
   
   
 4,465 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
   
 4,501 
   
   
 4,467 
   
   
 8,968 
   
   
 33 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1530 
   
 Northridge 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,641 
   
   
 2,872 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
   
 3,641 
   
   
 2,875 
   
   
 6,516 
   
   
 22 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1053 
   
 Oakland 
   
 CA 
   
   
 4,271 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,777 
   
   
 990 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,767 
   
   
 4,767 
   
   
 1,764 
   
 Apr-00 
 
 
 1267 
   
 Oakland 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,024 
   
   
 11,321 
   
   
 160 
   
   
   
   
 3,024 
   
   
 11,481 
   
   
 14,505 
   
   
 1,059 
   
 May-10 
 
 
 1531 
   
 Oakland 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,359 
   
   
 5,753 
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
   
 6,359 
   
   
 5,758 
   
   
 12,117 
   
   
 43 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1566 
   
 Oakland 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,668 
   
   
 7,652 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 1,668 
   
   
 7,652 
   
   
 9,320 
   
   
 8 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 0645 
   
 Oceanside 
   
 CA 
   
   
 9,245 
   
   
 3,241 
   
   
 11,361 
   
   
 722 
   
   
   
   
 3,241 
   
   
 12,083 
   
   
 15,324 
   
   
 2,889 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0825 
   
 Orange 
   
 CA 
   
   
 12,660 
   
   
 4,847 
   
   
 12,341 
   
   
 140 
   
   
   
   
 4,847 
   
   
 12,481 
   
   
 17,328 
   
   
 360 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0695 
   
 Oxnard 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,421 
   
   
 6,761 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 5,421 
   
   
 6,761 
   
   
 12,182 
   
   
 7 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 1254 
   
 Pacoima 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,257 
   
   
 3,050 
   
   
 7,597 
   
   
 81 
   
   
   
   
 3,050 
   
   
 7,678 
   
   
 10,728 
   
   
 852 
   
 Aug-09 
 
 
 1111 
   
 Palmdale 
   
 CA 
   
   
 4,885 
   
   
 1,225 
   
   
 5,379 
   
   
 2,197 
   
   
   
   
 1,225 
   
   
 7,576 
   
   
 8,801 
   
   
 1,724 
   
 Jan-05 
 
 
 1484 
   
 Paramount 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,630 
   
   
 1,404 
   
   
 2,549 
   
   
 121 
   
   
   
   
 1,404 
   
   
 2,670 
   
   
 4,074 
   
   
 163 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1020 
   
 Pico Rivera 
   
 CA 
   
   
 4,150 
   
   
 1,150 
   
   
 3,450 
   
   
 161 
   
   
   
   
 1,150 
   
   
 3,611 
   
   
 4,761 
   
   
 1,160 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1485 
   
 Placentia 
   
 CA 
   
   
 6,832 
   
   
 4,798 
   
   
 5,483 
   
   
 165 
   
   
   
   
 4,798 
   
   
 5,648 
   
   
 10,446 
   
   
 331 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1382 
   
 Pleasanton 
   
 CA 
   
   
 7,127 
   
   
 1,208 
   
   
 4,283 
   
   
 418 
   
   
   
   
 1,208 
   
   
 4,701 
   
   
 5,909 
   
   
 1,001 
   
 May-07 
 
 
 
  
  108 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at 
December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 1029 
   
 Richmond 
   
 CA 
   
   
 4,944 
   
   
 953 
   
   
 4,635 
   
   
 607 
   
   
   
   
 953 
   
   
 5,242 
   
   
 6,195 
   
   
 1,409 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 1532 
   
 Richmond 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,139 
   
   
 7,437 
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
   
 3,139 
   
   
 7,443 
   
   
 10,582 
   
   
 56 
   
 Sep-13 
 
 
 8016 
   
 Riverside 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,075 
   
   
 4,042 
   
   
 515 
   
   
   
   
 1,075 
   
   
 4,557 
   
   
 5,632 
   
   
 1,226 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0684 
   
 Rocklin 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,745 
   
   
 8,005 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 1,745 
   
   
 8,005 
   
   
 9,750 
   
   
 9 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 1555 
   
 Rohnert Park 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 990 
   
   
 8,094 
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
   
 990 
   
   
 8,098 
   
   
 9,088 
   
   
 26 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0328 
   
 Sacramento 
   
 CA 
   
   
 4,003 
   
   
 852 
   
   
 4,720 
   
   
 463 
   
   
   
   
 852 
   
   
 5,183 
   
   
 6,035 
   
   
 1,281 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1273 
   
 Sacramento 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,082 
   
   
 1,738 
   
   
 5,522 
   
   
 107 
   
   
   
   
 1,844 
   
   
 5,523 
   
   
 7,367 
   
   
 469 
   
 Oct-10 
 
 
 1433 
   
 Sacramento 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,400 
   
   
 7,425 
   
   
 74 
   
   
   
   
 2,400 
   
   
 7,499 
   
   
 9,899 
   
   
 830 
   
 Sep-09 
 
 
 1007 
   
 San Bernardino 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,213 
   
   
 3,061 
   
   
 109 
   
   
   
   
 1,173 
   
   
 3,210 
   
   
 4,383 
   
   
 843 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 1194 
   
 San Bernardino 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 750 
   
   
 5,135 
   
   
 69 
   
   
   
   
 750 
   
   
 5,204 
   
   
 5,954 
   
   
 969 
   
 Jun-06 
 
 
 1533 
   
 San Diego 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,919 
   
   
 6,729 
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
   
 5,919 
   
   
 6,735 
   
   
 12,654 
   
   
 50 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1486 
   
 San Dimas 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,466 
   
   
 1,867 
   
   
 6,354 
   
   
 132 
   
   
   
   
 1,867 
   
   
 6,486 
   
   
 8,353 
   
   
 376 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1368 
   
 San Francisco 
   
 CA 
   
   
 12,498 
   
   
 8,457 
   
   
 9,928 
   
   
 1,767 
   
   
   
   
 8,457 
   
   
 11,695 
   
   
 20,152 
   
   
 2,368 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1534 
   
 San Francisco 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,098 
   
   
 4,054 
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
   
 5,098 
   
   
 4,061 
   
   
 9,159 
   
   
 30 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1491 
   
 San Jose 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,514 
   
   
 2,428 
   
   
 2,323 
   
   
 97 
   
   
   
   
 2,428 
   
   
 2,420 
   
   
 4,848 
   
   
 96 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 8145 
   
 San Jose 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,340 
   
   
 6,821 
   
   
 197 
   
   
   
   
 5,340 
   
   
 7,018 
   
   
 12,358 
   
   
 753 
   
 Sep-09 
 
 
 1257 
   
 San Leandro 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,343 
   
   
 6,630 
   
   
 (85 
 ) 
   
   
   
 3,291 
   
   
 6,597 
   
   
 9,888 
   
   
 548 
   
 Oct-10 
 
 
 1377 
   
 San Leandro 
   
 CA 
   
   
 14,812 
   
   
 4,601 
   
   
 9,777 
   
   
 1,933 
   
   
   
   
 4,601 
   
   
 11,710 
   
   
 16,311 
   
   
 2,429 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 1535 
   
 San Ramon 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,819 
   
   
 5,819 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
   
 4,819 
   
   
 5,821 
   
   
 10,640 
   
   
 44 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1536 
   
 Santa Ana 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,485 
   
   
 2,382 
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
   
 3,485 
   
   
 2,388 
   
   
 5,873 
   
   
 18 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1261 
   
 Santa Clara 
   
 CA 
   
   
 8,249 
   
   
 4,750 
   
   
 8,218 
   
   
 31 
   
   
   
   
 4,750 
   
   
 8,249 
   
   
 12,999 
   
   
 915 
   
 Jul-09 
 
 
 0721 
   
 Santa Cruz 
   
 CA 
   
   
 8,828 
   
   
 1,588 
   
   
 11,160 
   
   
 18 
   
   
   
   
 1,588 
   
   
 11,178 
   
   
 12,766 
   
   
 419 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1384 
   
 Santa Fe Springs 
   
 CA 
   
   
 6,590 
   
   
 3,617 
   
   
 7,022 
   
   
 285 
   
   
   
   
 3,617 
   
   
 7,307 
   
   
 10,924 
   
   
 1,300 
   
 Oct-07 
 
 
 1487 
   
 Santa Maria 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,980 
   
   
 1,556 
   
   
 2,740 
   
   
 208 
   
   
   
   
 1,556 
   
   
 2,948 
   
   
 4,504 
   
   
 177 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 1488 
   
 Santa Maria 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,228 
   
   
 1,310 
   
   
 3,526 
   
   
 59 
   
   
   
   
 1,310 
   
   
 3,585 
   
   
 4,895 
   
   
 209 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 8008 
   
 Sherman Oaks 
   
 CA 
   
   
 16,732 
   
   
 4,051 
   
   
 12,152 
   
   
 308 
   
   
   
   
 4,051 
   
   
 12,460 
   
   
 16,511 
   
   
 3,056 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1275 
   
 Simi Valley 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,533 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (3,308 
 ) 
   
   
   
 2,225 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,225 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 
 
 1537 
   
 Stanton 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,022 
   
   
 2,267 
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
   
 5,022 
   
   
 2,272 
   
   
 7,294 
   
   
 17 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1095 
   
 Stockton 
   
 CA 
   
   
 2,506 
   
   
 649 
   
   
 3,272 
   
   
 172 
   
   
   
   
 649 
   
   
 3,444 
   
   
 4,093 
   
   
 1,066 
   
 May-02 
 
 
 1564 
   
 Stockton 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,619 
   
   
 2,443 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 3,619 
   
   
 2,443 
   
   
 6,062 
   
   
 3 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 1538 
   
 Sunnyvale 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 10,732 
   
   
 5,004 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
   
 10,732 
   
   
 5,007 
   
   
 15,739 
   
   
 37 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1425 
   
 Sylmar 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,058 
   
   
 4,671 
   
   
 249 
   
   
   
   
 3,058 
   
   
 4,920 
   
   
 7,978 
   
   
 834 
   
 May-08 
 
 
 1253 
   
 Thousand Oaks 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,500 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,000 
 ) 
   
   
   
 3,500 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,500 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 
 
 1009 
   
 Torrance 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,710 
   
   
 6,271 
   
   
 956 
   
   
   
   
 4,110 
   
   
 6,827 
   
   
 10,937 
   
   
 1,788 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 1112 
   
 Tracy 
   
 CA 
   
   
 5,159 
   
   
 778 
   
   
 2,638 
   
   
 808 
   
   
   
   
 911 
   
   
 3,313 
   
   
 4,224 
   
   
 935 
   
 Jul-03 
 
 
 1174 
   
 Tracy 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,168 
   
   
 946 
   
   
 1,937 
   
   
 253 
   
   
   
   
 946 
   
   
 2,190 
   
   
 3,136 
   
   
 666 
   
 Apr-04 
 
 
 1379 
   
 Vallejo 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,017 
   
   
 1,177 
   
   
 2,157 
   
   
 965 
   
   
   
   
 1,177 
   
   
 3,122 
   
   
 4,299 
   
   
 781 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 
  
  109 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at 
December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 1539 
   
 Van Nuys 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,939 
   
   
 2,576 
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
   
 7,939 
   
   
 2,582 
   
   
 10,521 
   
   
 19 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 8011 
   
 Venice 
   
 CA 
   
   
 14,658 
   
   
 2,803 
   
   
 8,410 
   
   
 193 
   
   
   
   
 2,803 
   
   
 8,603 
   
   
 11,406 
   
   
 2,106 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1540 
   
 Ventura 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,453 
   
   
 2,837 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
   
 3,453 
   
   
 2,839 
   
   
 6,292 
   
   
 21 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1489 
   
 Victorville 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 151 
   
   
 751 
   
   
 138 
   
   
   
   
 151 
   
   
 889 
   
   
 1,040 
   
   
 58 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 0144 
   
 Watsonville 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,241 
   
   
 1,699 
   
   
 3,056 
   
   
 216 
   
   
   
   
 1,699 
   
   
 3,272 
   
   
 4,971 
   
   
 795 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1083 
   
 Whittier 
   
 CA 
   
   
 3,400 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,985 
   
   
 170 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,155 
   
   
 3,155 
   
   
 970 
   
 Jun-02 
 
 
 1541 
   
 Wilmington 
   
 CA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,792 
   
   
 10,726 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
   
 6,792 
   
   
 10,729 
   
   
 17,521 
   
   
 80 
   
 Aug-13 
 
 
 1073 
   
 Arvada 
   
 CO 
   
   
 1,861 
   
   
 286 
   
   
 1,521 
   
   
 671 
   
   
   
   
 286 
   
   
 2,192 
   
   
 2,478 
   
   
 918 
   
 Sep-00 
 
 
 1458 
   
 Castle Rock 
   
 CO 
   
   
 1,151 
   
   
 407 
   
   
 3,077 
   
   
 164 
   
   
   
   
 407 
   
   
 3,241 
   
   
 3,648 
   
   
 230 
   
 May-11 
 
 
 0665 
   
 Colorado Springs 
   
 CO 
   
   
 3,919 
   
   
 781 
   
   
 3,400 
   
   
 230 
   
   
   
   
 781 
   
   
 3,630 
   
   
 4,411 
   
   
 679 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 0744 
   
 Colorado Springs 
   
 CO 
   
   
 4,368 
   
   
 1,525 
   
   
 4,310 
   
   
 241 
   
   
   
   
 1,525 
   
   
 4,551 
   
   
 6,076 
   
   
 665 
   
 Nov-08 
 
 
 1459 
   
 Colorado Springs 
   
 CO 
   
   
 1,782 
   
   
 296 
   
   
 4,199 
   
   
 198 
   
   
   
   
 296 
   
   
 4,397 
   
   
 4,693 
   
   
 314 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1460 
   
 Colorado Springs 
   
 CO 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,945 
   
   
 79 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,024 
   
   
 7,024 
   
   
 264 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0679 
   
 Denver 
   
 CO 
   
   
 3,777 
   
   
 368 
   
   
 1,574 
   
   
 228 
   
   
   
   
 368 
   
   
 1,802 
   
   
 2,170 
   
   
 474 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1074 
   
 Denver 
   
 CO 
   
   
 2,635 
   
   
 602 
   
   
 2,052 
   
   
 1,299 
   
   
   
   
 745 
   
   
 3,208 
   
   
 3,953 
   
   
 1,173 
   
 Sep-00 
 
 
 1359 
   
 Parker 
   
 CO 
   
   
 5,108 
   
   
 800 
   
   
 4,549 
   
   
 758 
   
   
   
   
 800 
   
   
 5,307 
   
   
 6,107 
   
   
 1,150 
   
 Sep-06 
 
 
 1075 
   
 Thornton 
   
 CO 
   
   
 2,886 
   
   
 212 
   
   
 2,044 
   
   
 1,100 
   
   
   
   
 248 
   
   
 3,108 
   
   
 3,356 
   
   
 1,195 
   
 Sep-00 
 
 
 1076 
   
 Westminster 
   
 CO 
   
   
 2,177 
   
   
 291 
   
   
 1,586 
   
   
 1,021 
   
   
   
   
 299 
   
   
 2,599 
   
   
 2,898 
   
   
 1,122 
   
 Sep-00 
 
 
 0568 
   
 Brookfield 
   
 CT 
   
   
 5,187 
   
   
 991 
   
   
 7,891 
   
   
 106 
   
   
   
   
 991 
   
   
 7,997 
   
   
 8,988 
   
   
 305 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1079 
   
 Groton 
   
 CT 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,277 
   
   
 3,992 
   
   
 435 
   
   
   
   
 1,277 
   
   
 4,427 
   
   
 5,704 
   
   
 1,310 
   
 Jan-04 
 
 
 1192 
   
 Middletown 
   
 CT 
   
   
 2,853 
   
   
 932 
   
   
 2,810 
   
   
 183 
   
   
   
   
 932 
   
   
 2,993 
   
   
 3,925 
   
   
 486 
   
 Dec-07 
 
 
 1553 
   
 Newington 
   
 CT 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,363 
   
   
 2,978 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
   
 1,363 
   
   
 2,979 
   
   
 4,342 
   
   
 10 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1097 
   
 Wethersfield 
   
 CT 
   
   
 4,133 
   
   
 709 
   
   
 4,205 
   
   
 219 
   
   
   
   
 709 
   
   
 4,424 
   
   
 5,133 
   
   
 1,328 
   
 Aug-02 
 
 
 1492 
   
 Auburndale 
   
 FL 
   
   
 1,297 
   
   
 470 
   
   
 1,076 
   
   
 139 
   
   
   
   
 470 
   
   
 1,215 
   
   
 1,685 
   
   
 57 
   
 May-12 
 
 
 0831 
   
 Brandon 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,327 
   
   
 5,656 
   
   
 126 
   
   
   
   
 1,327 
   
   
 5,782 
   
   
 7,109 
   
   
 168 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1392 
   
 Coral Springs 
   
 FL 
   
   
 6,461 
   
   
 3,638 
   
   
 6,590 
   
   
 254 
   
   
   
   
 3,638 
   
   
 6,844 
   
   
 10,482 
   
   
 1,076 
   
 Jun-08 
 
 
 0752 
   
 Deland 
   
 FL 
   
   
 2,823 
   
   
 1,318 
   
   
 3,971 
   
   
 263 
   
   
   
   
 1,318 
   
   
 4,234 
   
   
 5,552 
   
   
 909 
   
 Jan-06 
 
 
 1402 
   
 Estero 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,198 
   
   
 8,215 
   
   
 59 
   
   
   
   
 2,198 
   
   
 8,274 
   
   
 10,472 
   
   
 911 
   
 Jul-09 
 
 
 0819 
   
 Fort Lauderdale 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,576 
   
   
 5,397 
   
   
 192 
   
   
   
   
 1,576 
   
   
 5,589 
   
   
 7,165 
   
   
 160 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 
  
  110 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 Table of Contents   

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 0101 
   
 Fort Myers 
   
 FL 
   
   
 4,194 
   
   
 1,985 
   
   
 4,983 
   
   
 429 
   
   
   
   
 1,985 
   
   
 5,412 
   
   
 7,397 
   
   
 1,346 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1308 
   
 Fort Myers 
   
 FL 
   
   
 2,830 
   
   
 1,691 
   
   
 4,711 
   
   
 279 
   
   
   
   
 1,691 
   
   
 4,990 
   
   
 6,681 
   
   
 1,294 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1310 
   
 Ft Lauderdale 
   
 FL 
   
   
 2,542 
   
   
 1,587 
   
   
 4,205 
   
   
 315 
   
   
   
   
 1,587 
   
   
 4,520 
   
   
 6,107 
   
   
 1,202 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1427 
   
 Ft Lauderdale 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,750 
   
   
 7,002 
   
   
 527 
   
   
   
   
 2,750 
   
   
 7,529 
   
   
 10,279 
   
   
 543 
   
 May-11 
 
 
 1337 
   
 Greenacres 
   
 FL 
   
   
 2,615 
   
   
 1,463 
   
   
 3,244 
   
   
 122 
   
   
   
   
 1,463 
   
   
 3,366 
   
   
 4,829 
   
   
 813 
   
 Mar-05 
 
 
 1266 
   
 Hialeah 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,800 
   
   
 7,588 
   
   
 96 
   
   
   
   
 2,800 
   
   
 7,684 
   
   
 10,484 
   
   
 1,067 
   
 Aug-08 
 
 
 1403 
   
 Hialeah 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,678 
   
   
 6,807 
   
   
 36 
   
   
   
   
 1,678 
   
   
 6,843 
   
   
 8,521 
   
   
 580 
   
 Sep-10 
 
 
 1409 
   
 Hialeah 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,750 
   
   
 7,150 
   
   
 74 
   
   
   
   
 1,750 
   
   
 7,224 
   
   
 8,974 
   
   
 739 
   
 Jan-10 
 
 
 0763 
   
 Hollywood 
   
 FL 
   
   
 6,858 
   
   
 3,214 
   
   
 8,689 
   
   
 313 
   
   
   
   
 3,214 
   
   
 9,002 
   
   
 12,216 
   
   
 1,502 
   
 Nov-07 
 
 
 1424 
   
 Kendall 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,375 
   
   
 5,543 
   
   
 70 
   
   
   
   
 2,375 
   
   
 5,613 
   
   
 7,988 
   
   
 368 
   
 Feb-11 
 
 
 1493 
   
 Lakeland 
   
 FL 
   
   
 3,926 
   
   
 593 
   
   
 4,701 
   
   
 150 
   
   
   
   
 593 
   
   
 4,851 
   
   
 5,444 
   
   
 223 
   
 May-12 
 
 
 1494 
   
 Lakeland 
   
 FL 
   
   
 5,640 
   
   
 871 
   
   
 6,905 
   
   
 208 
   
   
   
   
 871 
   
   
 7,113 
   
   
 7,984 
   
   
 310 
   
 May-12 
 
 
 8298 
   
 Land O Lakes 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 798 
   
   
 4,490 
   
   
 (57 
 ) 
   
   
   
 798 
   
   
 4,433 
   
   
 5,231 
   
   
 118 
   
 Dec-12 
 
 
 1314 
   
 Madeira Beach 
   
 FL 
   
   
 3,915 
   
   
 1,686 
   
   
 5,163 
   
   
 244 
   
   
   
   
 1,686 
   
   
 5,407 
   
   
 7,093 
   
   
 1,364 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1068 
   
 Margate 
   
 FL 
   
   
 3,421 
   
   
 430 
   
   
 3,139 
   
   
 704 
   
   
   
   
 469 
   
   
 3,804 
   
   
 4,273 
   
   
 1,358 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 0207 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 5,814 
   
   
 4,867 
   
   
 7,126 
   
   
 382 
   
   
   
   
 5,042 
   
   
 7,333 
   
   
 12,375 
   
   
 572 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0208 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 5,793 
   
   
 1,979 
   
   
 6,513 
   
   
 113 
   
   
   
   
 1,979 
   
   
 6,626 
   
   
 8,605 
   
   
 253 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0254 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 8,121 
   
   
 3,257 
   
   
 9,713 
   
   
 102 
   
   
   
   
 3,257 
   
   
 9,815 
   
   
 13,072 
   
   
 374 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1066 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 3,126 
   
   
 1,325 
   
   
 4,395 
   
   
 946 
   
   
   
   
 1,439 
   
   
 5,227 
   
   
 6,666 
   
   
 1,881 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1067 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 8,056 
   
   
 5,315 
   
   
 4,305 
   
   
 1,383 
   
   
   
   
 5,859 
   
   
 5,144 
   
   
 11,003 
   
   
 1,786 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1385 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 4,561 
   
   
 1,238 
   
   
 7,597 
   
   
 290 
   
   
   
   
 1,238 
   
   
 7,887 
   
   
 9,125 
   
   
 1,448 
   
 May-07 
 
 
 1466 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 521 
   
   
 5,198 
   
   
 123 
   
   
   
   
 521 
   
   
 5,321 
   
   
 5,842 
   
   
 324 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 8133 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,305 
   
   
 11,997 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 3,305 
   
   
 11,997 
   
   
 15,302 
   
   
 38 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1429 
   
 Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 6,853 
   
   
 4,798 
   
   
 9,475 
   
   
 118 
   
   
   
   
 4,798 
   
   
 9,593 
   
   
 14,391 
   
   
 995 
   
 Nov-09 
 
 
 0149 
   
 Naples 
   
 FL 
   
   
 5,147 
   
   
 2,226 
   
   
 4,655 
   
   
 (4 
 ) 
   
   
   
 1,990 
   
   
 4,887 
   
   
 6,877 
   
   
 332 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 8144 
   
 Naranja 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 603 
   
   
 11,223 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 603 
   
   
 11,223 
   
   
 11,826 
   
   
 36 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 8297 
   
 North Fort Myers 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 799 
   
   
 2,372 
   
   
 (3,171 
 ) 
 (a) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 Dec-12 
 
 
 1064 
   
 North Lauderdale 
   
 FL 
   
   
 4,186 
   
   
 428 
   
   
 3,516 
   
   
 1,004 
   
   
   
   
 459 
   
   
 4,489 
   
   
 4,948 
   
   
 1,722 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1060 
   
 North Miami 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,256 
   
   
 6,535 
   
   
 567 
   
   
   
   
 1,256 
   
   
 7,102 
   
   
 8,358 
   
   
 1,903 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 1335 
   
 Ocoee 
   
 FL 
   
   
 3,113 
   
   
 872 
   
   
 3,642 
   
   
 209 
   
   
   
   
 872 
   
   
 3,851 
   
   
 4,723 
   
   
 977 
   
 Mar-05 
 
 
 1317 
   
 Orlando 
   
 FL 
   
   
 4,339 
   
   
 1,216 
   
   
 5,008 
   
   
 351 
   
   
   
   
 1,216 
   
   
 5,359 
   
   
 6,575 
   
   
 1,389 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1333 
   
 Orlando 
   
 FL 
   
   
 4,106 
   
   
 2,233 
   
   
 9,223 
   
   
 371 
   
   
   
   
 2,233 
   
   
 9,594 
   
   
 11,827 
   
   
 2,337 
   
 Mar-05 
 
 
 
  
  111 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 1334 
   
 Orlando 
   
 FL 
   
   
 5,811 
   
   
 1,474 
   
   
 6,101 
   
   
 271 
   
   
   
   
 1,474 
   
   
 6,372 
   
   
 7,846 
   
   
 1,530 
   
 Mar-05 
 
 
 1336 
   
 Orlando 
   
 FL 
   
   
 4,062 
   
   
 1,166 
   
   
 4,816 
   
   
 1,248 
   
   
   
   
 1,166 
   
   
 6,064 
   
   
 7,230 
   
   
 1,374 
   
 Mar-05 
 
 
 8136 
   
 Orlando 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 625 
   
   
 2,133 
   
   
 73 
   
   
   
   
 625 
   
   
 2,206 
   
   
 2,831 
   
   
 216 
   
 Jul-10 
 
 
 1560 
   
 Palm Springs 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,108 
   
   
 8,028 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
   
 2,108 
   
   
 8,029 
   
   
 10,137 
   
   
 26 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1432 
   
 Plantation 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,850 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (1,504 
 ) 
   
   
   
 2,346 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,346 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 
 
 1318 
   
 Port Charlotte 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,389 
   
   
 4,632 
   
   
 211 
   
   
   
   
 1,389 
   
   
 4,843 
   
   
 6,232 
   
   
 1,222 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1319 
   
 Riverview 
   
 FL 
   
   
 2,398 
   
   
 654 
   
   
 2,953 
   
   
 262 
   
   
   
   
 654 
   
   
 3,215 
   
   
 3,869 
   
   
 840 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0812 
   
 Sarasota 
   
 FL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,666 
   
   
 9,016 
   
   
 208 
   
   
   
   
 4,666 
   
   
 9,224 
   
   
 13,890 
   
   
 265 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 8187 
   
 Seminole 
   
 FL 
   
   
 2,620 
   
   
 1,133 
   
   
 3,017 
   
   
 144 
   
   
   
   
 1,133 
   
   
 3,161 
   
   
 4,294 
   
   
 84 
   
 Dec-12 
 
 
 8137 
   
 St Petersburg 
   
 FL 
   
   
 2,531 
   
   
 805 
   
   
 3,345 
   
   
 32 
   
   
   
   
 805 
   
   
 3,377 
   
   
 4,182 
   
   
 91 
   
 Dec-12 
 
 
 0545 
   
 Tampa 
   
 FL 
   
   
 4,003 
   
   
 1,425 
   
   
 4,766 
   
   
 310 
   
   
   
   
 1,425 
   
   
 5,076 
   
   
 6,501 
   
   
 1,012 
   
 Mar-07 
 
 
 1366 
   
 Tampa 
   
 FL 
   
   
 3,679 
   
   
 883 
   
   
 3,533 
   
   
 146 
   
   
   
   
 883 
   
   
 3,679 
   
   
 4,562 
   
   
 725 
   
 Nov-06 
 
 
 1324 
   
 Valrico 
   
 FL 
   
   
 4,590 
   
   
 1,197 
   
   
 4,411 
   
   
 229 
   
   
   
   
 1,197 
   
   
 4,640 
   
   
 5,837 
   
   
 1,198 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0692 
   
 Venice 
   
 FL 
   
   
 6,901 
   
   
 1,969 
   
   
 5,903 
   
   
 316 
   
   
   
   
 1,969 
   
   
 6,219 
   
   
 8,188 
   
   
 1,378 
   
 Jan-06 
 
 
 0976 
   
 West Palm Beach 
   
 FL 
   
   
 3,812 
   
   
 1,752 
   
   
 4,909 
   
   
 408 
   
   
   
   
 1,752 
   
   
 5,317 
   
   
 7,069 
   
   
 1,368 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1065 
   
 West Palm Beach 
   
 FL 
   
   
 1,484 
   
   
 1,164 
   
   
 2,511 
   
   
 717 
   
   
   
   
 1,246 
   
   
 3,146 
   
   
 4,392 
   
   
 1,135 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1069 
   
 West Palm Beach 
   
 FL 
   
   
 1,709 
   
   
 1,312 
   
   
 2,511 
   
   
 851 
   
   
   
   
 1,416 
   
   
 3,258 
   
   
 4,674 
   
   
 1,232 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1186 
   
 West Palm Beach 
   
 FL 
   
   
 3,458 
   
   
 1,729 
   
   
 4,058 
   
   
 77 
   
   
   
   
 1,729 
   
   
 4,135 
   
   
 5,864 
   
   
 221 
   
 Dec-11 
 
 
 0515 
   
 West Palm Beach 
   
 FL 
   
   
 2,478 
   
   
 1,550 
   
   
 2,894 
   
   
 (11 
 ) 
   
   
   
 1,595 
   
   
 2,838 
   
   
 4,433 
   
   
 236 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0693 
   
 Alpharetta 
   
 GA 
   
   
 2,589 
   
   
 1,893 
   
   
 3,161 
   
   
 153 
   
   
   
   
 1,893 
   
   
 3,314 
   
   
 5,207 
   
   
 692 
   
 Aug-06 
 
 
 0815 
   
 Atlanta 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,718 
   
   
 6,388 
   
   
 61 
   
   
   
   
 1,718 
   
   
 6,449 
   
   
 8,167 
   
   
 186 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1304 
   
 Atlanta 
   
 GA 
   
   
 7,943 
   
   
 3,737 
   
   
 8,333 
   
   
 395 
   
   
   
   
 3,737 
   
   
 8,728 
   
   
 12,465 
   
   
 2,240 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1320 
   
 Atlanta 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,665 
   
   
 2,028 
   
   
 199 
   
   
   
   
 1,665 
   
   
 2,227 
   
   
 3,892 
   
   
 619 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1338 
   
 Atlanta 
   
 GA 
   
   
 6,569 
   
   
 3,319 
   
   
 8,325 
   
   
 499 
   
   
   
   
 3,319 
   
   
 8,824 
   
   
 12,143 
   
   
 2,179 
   
 Feb-05 
 
 
 1544 
   
 Augusta 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 710 
   
   
 2,299 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
   
 710 
   
   
 2,302 
   
   
 3,012 
   
   
 7 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0699 
   
 Dacula 
   
 GA 
   
   
 3,773 
   
   
 1,993 
   
   
 3,001 
   
   
 127 
   
   
   
   
 1,993 
   
   
 3,128 
   
   
 5,121 
   
   
 673 
   
 Jan-06 
 
 
 8163 
   
 Douglasville 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,209 
   
   
 719 
   
   
 310 
   
   
   
   
 1,209 
   
   
 1,029 
   
   
 2,238 
   
   
 122 
   
 Jun-10 
 
 
 0753 
   
 Duluth 
   
 GA 
   
   
 3,522 
   
   
 1,454 
   
   
 4,151 
   
   
 129 
   
   
   
   
 1,454 
   
   
 4,280 
   
   
 5,734 
   
   
 754 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 8162 
   
 Kennesaw 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 673 
   
   
 1,151 
   
   
 127 
   
   
   
   
 673 
   
   
 1,278 
   
   
 1,951 
   
   
 135 
   
 Jun-10 
 
 
 1552 
   
 Lawrenceville 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,117 
   
   
 2,784 
   
   
 3 
   
   
   
   
 2,117 
   
   
 2,787 
   
   
 4,904 
   
   
 9 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 8134 
   
 Lithonia 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,958 
   
   
 3,645 
   
   
 86 
   
   
   
   
 1,958 
   
   
 3,731 
   
   
 5,689 
   
   
 410 
   
 Nov-09 
 
 
 8161 
   
 Marietta 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 887 
   
   
 2,617 
   
   
 213 
   
   
   
   
 887 
   
   
 2,830 
   
   
 3,717 
   
   
 285 
   
 Jun-10 
 
 
 
  
  112 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 1321 
   
 Snellville 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,691 
   
   
 4,026 
   
   
 280 
   
   
   
   
 2,691 
   
   
 4,306 
   
   
 6,997 
   
   
 1,120 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0417 
   
 Stone Mountain 
   
 GA 
   
   
 2,629 
   
   
 925 
   
   
 3,505 
   
   
 305 
   
   
   
   
 925 
   
   
 3,810 
   
   
 4,735 
   
   
 912 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1322 
   
 Stone Mountain 
   
 GA 
   
   
 2,870 
   
   
 1,817 
   
   
 4,382 
   
   
 293 
   
   
   
   
 1,817 
   
   
 4,675 
   
   
 6,492 
   
   
 1,189 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0745 
   
 Sugar Hill 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,368 
   
   
 2,540 
   
   
 190 
   
   
   
   
 1,368 
   
   
 2,730 
   
   
 4,098 
   
   
 511 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 0754 
   
 Sugar Hill 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,371 
   
   
 2,547 
   
   
 184 
   
   
   
   
 1,371 
   
   
 2,731 
   
   
 4,102 
   
   
 512 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1599 
   
 Tucker 
   
 GA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,773 
   
   
 10,456 
   
   
 2 
   
   
   
   
 1,773 
   
   
 10,458 
   
   
 12,231 
   
   
 56 
   
 Oct-13 
 
 
 1313 
   
 Alpharetta 
   
 GL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,973 
   
   
 1,587 
   
   
 248 
   
   
   
   
 1,973 
   
   
 1,835 
   
   
 3,808 
   
   
 494 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1521 
   
 Honolulu 
   
 HI 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,674 
   
   
 18,350 
   
   
 12 
   
   
   
   
 4,674 
   
   
 18,362 
   
   
 23,036 
   
   
 295 
   
 May-13 
 
 
 1375 
   
 Kahului 
   
 HI 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,984 
   
   
 15,044 
   
   
 656 
   
   
   
   
 3,984 
   
   
 15,700 
   
   
 19,684 
   
   
 2,861 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1376 
   
 Kapolei 
   
 HI 
   
   
 9,700 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 24,701 
   
   
 430 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 25,131 
   
   
 25,131 
   
   
 4,351 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1567 
   
 Kapolei 
   
 HI 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,776 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 7,776 
   
   
 7,776 
   
   
 8 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 1520 
   
 Wahiawa 
   
 HI 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,317 
   
   
 2,626 
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
   
 1,317 
   
   
 2,641 
   
   
 3,958 
   
   
 43 
   
 May-13 
 
 
 8129 
   
 Bedford Park 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 922 
   
   
 3,289 
   
   
 8 
   
   
   
   
 922 
   
   
 3,297 
   
   
 4,219 
   
   
 11 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0728 
   
 Chicago 
   
 IL 
   
   
 3,050 
   
   
 449 
   
   
 2,471 
   
   
 744 
   
   
   
   
 449 
   
   
 3,215 
   
   
 3,664 
   
   
 875 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0729 
   
 Chicago 
   
 IL 
   
   
 2,764 
   
   
 472 
   
   
 2,582 
   
   
 720 
   
   
   
   
 472 
   
   
 3,302 
   
   
 3,774 
   
   
 932 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0731 
   
 Chicago 
   
 IL 
   
   
 4,194 
   
   
 621 
   
   
 3,428 
   
   
 904 
   
   
   
   
 621 
   
   
 4,332 
   
   
 4,953 
   
   
 1,229 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1226 
   
 Chicago 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,925 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 1,925 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,925 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 
 
 1229 
   
 Chicago 
   
 IL 
   
   
 8,642 
   
   
 1,318 
   
   
 9,485 
   
   
 35 
   
   
   
   
 1,318 
   
   
 9,520 
   
   
 10,838 
   
   
 214 
   
 Feb-13 
 
 
 8130 
   
 Chicago 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,363 
   
   
 5,850 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 1,363 
   
   
 5,850 
   
   
 7,213 
   
   
 19 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 8131 
   
 Chicago 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,143 
   
   
 6,138 
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
   
 1,143 
   
   
 6,142 
   
   
 7,285 
   
   
 20 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 8259 
   
 Chicago 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,881 
   
   
 6,324 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 2,881 
   
   
 6,324 
   
   
 9,205 
   
   
 20 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1108 
   
 Crest Hill 
   
 IL 
   
   
 2,412 
   
   
 847 
   
   
 2,946 
   
   
 810 
   
   
   
   
 968 
   
   
 3,635 
   
   
 4,603 
   
   
 1,010 
   
 Jul-03 
 
 
 1171 
   
 Gurnee 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,374 
   
   
 8,296 
   
   
 118 
   
   
   
   
 1,374 
   
   
 8,414 
   
   
 9,788 
   
   
 1,355 
   
 Oct-07 
 
 
 1178 
   
 Highland Park 
   
 IL 
   
   
 7,232 
   
   
 5,798 
   
   
 6,016 
   
   
 74 
   
   
   
   
 5,798 
   
   
 6,090 
   
   
 11,888 
   
   
 331 
   
 Dec-11 
 
 
 8132 
   
 Lincolnshire 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,438 
   
   
 5,128 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 1,438 
   
   
 5,128 
   
   
 6,566 
   
   
 16 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1173 
   
 Naperville 
   
 IL 
   
   
 4,934 
   
   
 1,860 
   
   
 5,793 
   
   
 79 
   
   
   
   
 1,860 
   
   
 5,872 
   
   
 7,732 
   
   
 315 
   
 Dec-11 
 
 
 1259 
   
 Naperville 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,800 
   
   
 7,355 
   
   
 (731 
 ) 
   
   
   
 1,950 
   
   
 7,474 
   
   
 9,424 
   
   
 982 
   
 Dec-08 
 
 
 1242 
   
 North Aurora 
   
 IL 
   
   
 2,485 
   
   
 600 
   
   
 5,833 
   
   
 121 
   
   
   
   
 600 
   
   
 5,954 
   
   
 6,554 
   
   
 875 
   
 May-08 
 
 
 0730 
   
 Skokie 
   
 IL 
   
   
 4,131 
   
   
 1,119 
   
   
 7,502 
   
   
 194 
   
   
   
   
 1,119 
   
   
 7,696 
   
   
 8,815 
   
   
 292 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1104 
   
 South Holland 
   
 IL 
   
   
 2,543 
   
   
 839 
   
   
 2,879 
   
   
 336 
   
   
   
   
 865 
   
   
 3,189 
   
   
 4,054 
   
   
 972 
   
 Oct-02 
 
 
 1263 
   
 Tinley Park 
   
 IL 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,823 
   
   
 4,794 
   
   
 (191 
 ) 
   
   
   
 1,548 
   
   
 4,878 
   
   
 6,426 
   
   
 668 
   
 Aug-08 
 
 
 1393 
   
 Carmel 
   
 IN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,169 
   
   
 4,393 
   
   
 238 
   
   
   
   
 1,169 
   
   
 4,631 
   
   
 5,800 
   
   
 716 
   
 Oct-08 
 
 
 
  
  113 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 1514 
   
 Connersville 
   
 IN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 472 
   
   
 315 
   
   
 106 
   
   
   
   
 472 
   
   
 421 
   
   
 893 
   
   
 38 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1394 
   
 Fort Wayne 
   
 IN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,899 
   
   
 3,292 
   
   
 277 
   
   
   
   
 1,899 
   
   
 3,569 
   
   
 5,468 
   
   
 578 
   
 Oct-08 
 
 
 0652 
   
 Indianapolis 
   
 IN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 588 
   
   
 3,457 
   
   
 284 
   
   
   
   
 588 
   
   
 3,741 
   
   
 4,329 
   
   
 725 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 0827 
   
 Indianapolis 
   
 IN 
   
   
 1,107 
   
   
 646 
   
   
 1,294 
   
   
 154 
   
   
   
   
 646 
   
   
 1,448 
   
   
 2,094 
   
   
 45 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1395 
   
 Indianapolis 
   
 IN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 426 
   
   
 2,903 
   
   
 308 
   
   
   
   
 426 
   
   
 3,211 
   
   
 3,637 
   
   
 538 
   
 Oct-08 
 
 
 1396 
   
 Indianapolis 
   
 IN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 850 
   
   
 4,545 
   
   
 356 
   
   
   
   
 850 
   
   
 4,901 
   
   
 5,751 
   
   
 783 
   
 Oct-08 
 
 
 1397 
   
 Mishawaka 
   
 IN 
   
   
 2,648 
   
   
 630 
   
   
 3,349 
   
   
 247 
   
   
   
   
 630 
   
   
 3,596 
   
   
 4,226 
   
   
 578 
   
 Oct-08 
 
 
 1513 
   
 Richmond 
   
 IN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 723 
   
   
 482 
   
   
 415 
   
   
   
   
 723 
   
   
 897 
   
   
 1,620 
   
   
 61 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 0586 
   
 Wichita 
   
 KS 
   
   
 2,105 
   
   
 366 
   
   
 1,897 
   
   
 371 
   
   
   
   
 366 
   
   
 2,268 
   
   
 2,634 
   
   
 582 
   
 Apr-06 
 
 
 1515 
   
 Covington 
   
 KY 
   
   
 2,033 
   
   
 839 
   
   
 2,543 
   
   
 104 
   
   
   
   
 839 
   
   
 2,647 
   
   
 3,486 
   
   
 190 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 0343 
   
 Louisville 
   
 KY 
   
   
 2,859 
   
   
 586 
   
   
 3,244 
   
   
 384 
   
   
   
   
 586 
   
   
 3,628 
   
   
 4,214 
   
   
 905 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0648 
   
 Louisville 
   
 KY 
   
   
 4,664 
   
   
 1,217 
   
   
 4,611 
   
   
 185 
   
   
   
   
 1,217 
   
   
 4,796 
   
   
 6,013 
   
   
 1,143 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0668 
   
 Louisville 
   
 KY 
   
   
 4,816 
   
   
 892 
   
   
 2,677 
   
   
 186 
   
   
   
   
 892 
   
   
 2,863 
   
   
 3,755 
   
   
 638 
   
 Dec-05 
 
 
 1315 
   
 Metairie 
   
 LA 
   
   
 3,848 
   
   
 2,056 
   
   
 4,216 
   
   
 173 
   
   
   
   
 2,056 
   
   
 4,389 
   
   
 6,445 
   
   
 1,110 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1316 
   
 New Orleans 
   
 LA 
   
   
 5,441 
   
   
 4,058 
   
   
 4,325 
   
   
 626 
   
   
   
   
 4,058 
   
   
 4,951 
   
   
 9,009 
   
   
 1,331 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1028 
   
 Ashland 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 474 
   
   
 3,324 
   
   
 345 
   
   
   
   
 474 
   
   
 3,669 
   
   
 4,143 
   
   
 1,255 
   
 Jun-03 
 
 
 1010 
   
 Auburn 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 918 
   
   
 3,728 
   
   
 262 
   
   
   
   
 918 
   
   
 3,990 
   
   
 4,908 
   
   
 1,421 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 1546 
   
 Billerica 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,023 
   
   
 6,697 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 3,023 
   
   
 6,697 
   
   
 9,720 
   
   
 21 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1025 
   
 Brockton 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 647 
   
   
 2,762 
   
   
 165 
   
   
   
   
 647 
   
   
 2,927 
   
   
 3,574 
   
   
 967 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 1547 
   
 Brockton 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 829 
   
   
 6,195 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 829 
   
   
 6,195 
   
   
 7,024 
   
   
 20 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 8074 
   
 Danvers 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,115 
   
   
 5,736 
   
   
 65 
   
   
   
   
 3,115 
   
   
 5,801 
   
   
 8,916 
   
   
 167 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1056 
   
 Dedham 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,127 
   
   
 3,041 
   
   
 562 
   
   
   
   
 2,127 
   
   
 3,603 
   
   
 5,730 
   
   
 1,311 
   
 Mar-02 
 
 
 1205 
   
 Dedham 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,443 
   
   
 7,328 
   
   
 1,356 
   
   
   
   
 2,443 
   
   
 8,684 
   
   
 11,127 
   
   
 2,384 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 1208 
   
 East Somerville 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 167 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 167 
   
   
 167 
   
   
 107 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 0675 
   
 Everett 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 692 
   
   
 2,129 
   
   
 773 
   
   
   
   
 692 
   
   
 2,902 
   
   
 3,594 
   
   
 821 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1001 
   
 Foxboro 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 759 
   
   
 4,158 
   
   
 559 
   
   
   
   
 759 
   
   
 4,717 
   
   
 5,476 
   
   
 1,917 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 0734 
   
 Framingham 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 20 
   
   
 20 
   
   
 3 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 
  
  114 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 1002 
   
 Hudson 
   
 MA 
   
   
 3,368 
   
   
 806 
   
   
 3,122 
   
   
 361 
   
   
   
   
 806 
   
   
 3,483 
   
   
 4,289 
   
   
 1,365 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 1098 
   
 Jamaica Plain 
   
 MA 
   
   
 9,685 
   
   
 3,285 
   
   
 11,275 
   
   
 580 
   
   
   
   
 3,285 
   
   
 11,855 
   
   
 15,140 
   
   
 1,835 
   
 Dec-07 
 
 
 1084 
   
 Kingston 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 555 
   
   
 2,491 
   
   
 171 
   
   
   
   
 555 
   
   
 2,662 
   
   
 3,217 
   
   
 950 
   
 Oct-02 
 
 
 7002 
   
 Lynn 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,703 
   
   
 3,237 
   
   
 375 
   
   
   
   
 1,703 
   
   
 3,612 
   
   
 5,315 
   
   
 1,248 
   
 Jun-01 
 
 
 1035 
   
 Marshfield 
   
 MA 
   
   
 4,667 
   
   
 1,039 
   
   
 4,155 
   
   
 243 
   
   
   
   
 1,026 
   
   
 4,411 
   
   
 5,437 
   
   
 1,156 
   
 Mar-04 
 
 
 1099 
   
 Milton 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,838 
   
   
 3,979 
   
   
 6,606 
   
   
   
   
 2,838 
   
   
 10,585 
   
   
 13,423 
   
   
 2,167 
   
 Nov-02 
 
 
 1554 
   
 North Andover 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 773 
   
   
 4,120 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 773 
   
   
 4,120 
   
   
 4,893 
   
   
 13 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1011 
   
 North Oxford 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 482 
   
   
 1,762 
   
   
 462 
   
   
   
   
 528 
   
   
 2,178 
   
   
 2,706 
   
   
 855 
   
 Oct-99 
 
 
 1022 
   
 Northborough 
   
 MA 
   
   
 4,599 
   
   
 280 
   
   
 2,715 
   
   
 512 
   
   
   
   
 280 
   
   
 3,227 
   
   
 3,507 
   
   
 1,237 
   
 Feb-01 
 
 
 1019 
   
 Norwood 
   
 MA 
   
   
 6,729 
   
   
 2,160 
   
   
 2,336 
   
   
 1,704 
   
   
   
   
 2,221 
   
   
 3,979 
   
   
 6,200 
   
   
 1,304 
   
 Aug-99 
 
 
 0519 
   
 Plainville 
   
 MA 
   
   
 5,064 
   
   
 2,223 
   
   
 4,430 
   
   
 403 
   
   
   
   
 2,223 
   
   
 4,833 
   
   
 7,056 
   
   
 1,420 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1204 
   
 Quincy 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,359 
   
   
 4,078 
   
   
 250 
   
   
   
   
 1,359 
   
   
 4,328 
   
   
 5,687 
   
   
 1,212 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 1023 
   
 Raynham 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 588 
   
   
 2,270 
   
   
 737 
   
   
   
   
 670 
   
   
 2,925 
   
   
 3,595 
   
   
 1,019 
   
 May-00 
 
 
 1135 
   
 Revere 
   
 MA 
   
   
 5,099 
   
   
 2,275 
   
   
 6,935 
   
   
 76 
   
   
   
   
 2,275 
   
   
 7,011 
   
   
 9,286 
   
   
 381 
   
 Dec-11 
 
 
 1094 
   
 Saugus 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,725 
   
   
 5,514 
   
   
 645 
   
   
   
   
 1,725 
   
   
 6,159 
   
   
 7,884 
   
   
 1,925 
   
 Jun-03 
 
 
 1107 
   
 Somerville 
   
 MA 
   
   
 12,180 
   
   
 1,728 
   
   
 6,570 
   
   
 648 
   
   
   
   
 1,731 
   
   
 7,215 
   
   
 8,946 
   
   
 2,311 
   
 Jun-01 
 
 
 0746 
   
 Stoneham 
   
 MA 
   
   
 6,005 
   
   
 944 
   
   
 5,241 
   
   
 170 
   
   
   
   
 944 
   
   
 5,411 
   
   
 6,355 
   
   
 1,259 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1047 
   
 Stoughton 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,754 
   
   
 2,769 
   
   
 283 
   
   
   
   
 1,754 
   
   
 3,052 
   
   
 4,806 
   
   
 1,126 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 0261 
   
 Tyngsboro 
   
 MA 
   
   
 3,523 
   
   
 1,843 
   
   
 5,004 
   
   
 30 
   
   
   
   
 1,843 
   
   
 5,034 
   
   
 6,877 
   
   
 193 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1206 
   
 Waltham 
   
 MA 
   
   
 5,256 
   
   
 3,770 
   
   
 11,310 
   
   
 1,108 
   
   
   
   
 3,770 
   
   
 12,418 
   
   
 16,188 
   
   
 3,255 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 7001 
   
 Weymouth 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,806 
   
   
 3,129 
   
   
 218 
   
   
   
   
 2,806 
   
   
 3,347 
   
   
 6,153 
   
   
 1,234 
   
 Sep-00 
 
 
 1207 
   
 Woburn 
   
 MA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 290 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 290 
   
   
 290 
   
   
 138 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 1003 
   
 Worcester 
   
 MA 
   
   
 4,568 
   
   
 896 
   
   
 4,377 
   
   
 3,159 
   
   
   
   
 896 
   
   
 7,536 
   
   
 8,432 
   
   
 2,251 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 1219 
   
 Worcester 
   
 MA 
   
   
 4,179 
   
   
 1,350 
   
   
 4,433 
   
   
 129 
   
   
   
   
 1,350 
   
   
 4,562 
   
   
 5,912 
   
   
 870 
   
 Dec-06 
 
 
 0152 
   
 Annapolis 
   
 MD 
   
   
 6,134 
   
   
 1,375 
   
   
 8,896 
   
   
 310 
   
   
   
   
 1,375 
   
   
 9,206 
   
   
 10,581 
   
   
 1,642 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 1381 
   
 Annapolis 
   
 MD 
   
   
 6,575 
   
   
 5,248 
   
   
 7,247 
   
   
 192 
   
   
   
   
 5,248 
   
   
 7,439 
   
   
 12,687 
   
   
 1,348 
   
 Apr-07 
 
 
 0919 
   
 Arnold 
   
 MD 
   
   
 9,054 
   
   
 2,558 
   
   
 9,446 
   
   
 417 
   
   
   
   
 2,558 
   
   
 9,863 
   
   
 12,421 
   
   
 2,272 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0750 
   
 Baltimore 
   
 MD 
   
   
 4,644 
   
   
 1,185 
   
   
 5,051 
   
   
 130 
   
   
   
   
 1,185 
   
   
 5,181 
   
   
 6,366 
   
   
 216 
   
 May-12 
 
 
 1218 
   
 Baltimore 
   
 MD 
   
   
 3,936 
   
   
 1,266 
   
   
 10,789 
   
   
 65 
   
   
   
   
 1,266 
   
   
 10,854 
   
   
 12,120 
   
   
 244 
   
 Feb-13 
 
 
 
  
  115 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 1233 
   
 Baltimore 
   
 MD 
   
   
 4,487 
   
   
 800 
   
   
 5,955 
   
   
 110 
   
   
   
   
 800 
   
   
 6,065 
   
   
 6,865 
   
   
 822 
   
 Nov-08 
 
 
 1439 
   
 Baltimore 
   
 MD 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,900 
   
   
 5,277 
   
   
 131 
   
   
   
   
 1,900 
   
   
 5,408 
   
   
 7,308 
   
   
 501 
   
 Jun-10 
 
 
 0552 
   
 Bethesda 
   
 MD 
   
   
 12,200 
   
   
 3,671 
   
   
 18,331 
   
   
 427 
   
   
   
   
 3,671 
   
   
 18,758 
   
   
 22,429 
   
   
 4,779 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1453 
   
 Capitol Heights 
   
 MD 
   
   
 8,447 
   
   
 1,461 
   
   
 9,866 
   
   
 201 
   
   
   
   
 1,461 
   
   
 10,067 
   
   
 11,528 
   
   
 865 
   
 Oct-10 
 
 
 0757 
   
 Cockeysville 
   
 MD 
   
   
 3,959 
   
   
 465 
   
   
 5,600 
   
   
 200 
   
   
   
   
 465 
   
   
 5,800 
   
   
 6,265 
   
   
 278 
   
 Mar-12 
 
 
 0950 
   
 Columbia 
   
 MD 
   
   
 8,006 
   
   
 1,736 
   
   
 9,632 
   
   
 265 
   
   
   
   
 1,736 
   
   
 9,897 
   
   
 11,633 
   
   
 2,266 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1262 
   
 Edgewood 
   
 MD 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,000 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 (575 
 ) 
   
   
   
 425 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 425 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 
 
 0980 
   
 Ft. Washington 
   
 MD 
   
   
 9,232 
   
   
 4,920 
   
   
 9,174 
   
   
 208 
   
   
   
   
 4,920 
   
   
 9,382 
   
   
 14,302 
   
   
 1,742 
   
 Jan-07 
 
 
 0258 
   
 Gambrills 
   
 MD 
   
   
 4,926 
   
   
 1,905 
   
   
 7,104 
   
   
 25 
   
   
   
   
 1,905 
   
   
 7,129 
   
   
 9,034 
   
   
 268 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 8248 
   
 Glen Burnie 
   
 MD 
   
   
 4,585 
   
   
 1,303 
   
   
 4,218 
   
   
 286 
   
   
   
   
 1,303 
   
   
 4,504 
   
   
 5,807 
   
   
 320 
   
 Jul-11 
 
 
 1500 
   
 Hanover 
   
 MD 
   
   
 7,240 
   
   
 2,160 
   
   
 11,340 
   
   
 68 
   
   
   
   
 2,160 
   
   
 11,408 
   
   
 13,568 
   
   
 159 
   
 Jun-13 
 
 
 1195 
   
 Lanham 
   
 MD 
   
   
 12,477 
   
   
 3,346 
   
   
 10,079 
   
   
 583 
   
   
   
   
 2,618 
   
   
 11,390 
   
   
 14,008 
   
   
 3,098 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 1292 
   
 Laurel Heights 
   
 MD 
   
   
 6,104 
   
   
 3,000 
   
   
 5,930 
   
   
 87 
   
   
   
   
 3,000 
   
   
 6,017 
   
   
 9,017 
   
   
 978 
   
 Dec-07 
 
 
 0512 
   
 Lexington Park 
   
 MD 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,314 
   
   
 8,412 
   
   
 81 
   
   
   
   
 4,314 
   
   
 8,493 
   
   
 12,807 
   
   
 227 
   
 Dec-12 
 
 
 0918 
   
 Pasadena 
   
 MD 
   
   
 3,810 
   
   
 1,869 
   
   
 3,056 
   
   
 701 
   
   
   
   
 1,869 
   
   
 3,757 
   
   
 5,626 
   
   
 701 
   
 Sep-08 
 
 
 1287 
   
 Pasadena 
   
 MD 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,500 
   
   
 7,407 
   
   
 128 
   
   
   
   
 3,500 
   
   
 7,535 
   
   
 11,035 
   
   
 501 
   
 Mar-11 
 
 
 8211 
   
 Randallstown 
   
 MD 
   
   
 4,645 
   
   
 764 
   
   
 6,331 
   
   
 207 
   
   
   
   
 764 
   
   
 6,538 
   
   
 7,302 
   
   
 420 
   
 Aug-11 
 
 
 0380 
   
 Rockville 
   
 MD 
   
   
 12,348 
   
   
 4,596 
   
   
 11,328 
   
   
 308 
   
   
   
   
 4,596 
   
   
 11,636 
   
   
 16,232 
   
   
 2,249 
   
 Sep-06 
 
 
 0507 
   
  Towson 
   
 MD 
   
   
 3,908 
   
   
 861 
   
   
 4,742 
   
   
 211 
   
   
   
   
 861 
   
   
 4,953 
   
   
 5,814 
   
   
 1,187 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0588 
   
 Towson 
   
 MD 
   
   
 6,231 
   
   
 1,094 
   
   
 9,598 
   
   
 45 
   
   
   
   
 1,094 
   
   
 9,643 
   
   
 10,737 
   
   
 363 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0553 
   
 Belleville 
   
 MI 
   
   
 4,030 
   
   
 954 
   
   
 4,984 
   
   
 56 
   
   
   
   
 954 
   
   
 5,040 
   
   
 5,994 
   
   
 189 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0309 
   
 Grandville 
   
 MI 
   
   
 1,620 
   
   
 726 
   
   
 1,298 
   
   
 396 
   
   
   
   
 726 
   
   
 1,694 
   
   
 2,420 
   
   
 503 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0556 
   
 Mount Clemens 
   
 MI 
   
   
 2,002 
   
   
 798 
   
   
 1,796 
   
   
 439 
   
   
   
   
 798 
   
   
 2,235 
   
   
 3,033 
   
   
 569 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0664 
   
 Florissant 
   
 MO 
   
   
 3,509 
   
   
 1,241 
   
   
 4,648 
   
   
 326 
   
   
   
   
 1,241 
   
   
 4,974 
   
   
 6,215 
   
   
 981 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 0985 
   
 Grandview 
   
 MO 
   
   
 1,048 
   
   
 612 
   
   
 1,770 
   
   
 387 
   
   
   
   
 612 
   
   
 2,157 
   
   
 2,769 
   
   
 635 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0656 
   
 St. Louis 
   
 MO 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,444 
   
   
 4,162 
   
   
 339 
   
   
   
   
 1,444 
   
   
 4,501 
   
   
 5,945 
   
   
 874 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 0663 
   
 St. Louis 
   
 MO 
   
   
 2,720 
   
   
 676 
   
   
 3,551 
   
   
 304 
   
   
   
   
 676 
   
   
 3,855 
   
   
 4,531 
   
   
 765 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 1061 
   
 St. Louis 
   
 MO 
   
   
 2,677 
   
   
 631 
   
   
 2,159 
   
   
 616 
   
   
   
   
 690 
   
   
 2,716 
   
   
 3,406 
   
   
 1,010 
   
 Jun-00 
 
 
 1062 
   
 St. Louis 
   
 MO 
   
   
 2,647 
   
   
 156 
   
   
 1,313 
   
   
 617 
   
   
   
   
 173 
   
   
 1,913 
   
   
 2,086 
   
   
 765 
   
 Jun-00 
 
 
 8277 
   
 Cary 
   
 NC 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,614 
   
   
 1,788 
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
   
 3,614 
   
   
 1,789 
   
   
 5,403 
   
   
 10 
   
 Oct-13 
 
 
 8027 
   
 Merrimack 
   
 NH 
   
   
 3,887 
   
   
 754 
   
   
 3,299 
   
   
 599 
   
   
   
   
 817 
   
   
 3,835 
   
   
 4,652 
   
   
 1,168 
   
 Apr-99 
 
 
 
  
  116 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 0738 
   
 Nashua 
   
 NH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 755 
   
   
 101 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 856 
   
   
 856 
   
   
 286 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1329 
   
 Avenel 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 7,739 
   
   
 1,518 
   
   
 8,037 
   
   
 331 
   
   
   
   
 1,518 
   
   
 8,368 
   
   
 9,886 
   
   
 2,043 
   
 Jan-05 
 
 
 1330 
   
 Bayville 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 3,842 
   
   
 1,193 
   
   
 5,312 
   
   
 340 
   
   
   
   
 1,193 
   
   
 5,652 
   
   
 6,845 
   
   
 1,424 
   
 Dec-04 
 
 
 1408 
   
 Bellmawr 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,600 
   
   
 4,765 
   
   
 265 
   
   
   
   
 3,675 
   
   
 4,955 
   
   
 8,630 
   
   
 617 
   
 Sep-08 
 
 
 8342 
   
 Berkeley Heights 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,598 
   
   
 7,553 
   
   
 73 
   
   
   
   
 1,598 
   
   
 7,626 
   
   
 9,224 
   
   
 291 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0818 
   
 Cherry Hill 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,323 
   
   
 1,549 
   
   
 106 
   
   
   
   
 2,323 
   
   
 1,655 
   
   
 3,978 
   
   
 52 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1519 
   
 Cranbury 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,543 
   
   
 5,095 
   
   
 181 
   
   
   
   
 3,543 
   
   
 5,276 
   
   
 8,819 
   
   
 152 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1115 
   
 Edison 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,519 
   
   
 8,547 
   
   
 717 
   
   
   
   
 2,519 
   
   
 9,264 
   
   
 11,783 
   
   
 2,973 
   
 Dec-01 
 
 
 1116 
   
 Egg Harbor Twp.  
   
 NJ 
   
   
 4,197 
   
   
 1,724 
   
   
 5,001 
   
   
 714 
   
   
   
   
 1,724 
   
   
 5,715 
   
   
 7,439 
   
   
 1,954 
   
 Dec-01 
 
 
 1258 
   
 Ewing 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,552 
   
   
 4,720 
   
   
 (83 
 ) 
   
   
   
 1,563 
   
   
 4,626 
   
   
 6,189 
   
   
 864 
   
 Mar-07 
 
 
 8343 
   
 Fairfield 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,402 
   
   
 78 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 9,480 
   
   
 9,480 
   
   
 359 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1516 
   
 Fort Lee 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,402 
   
   
 9,831 
   
   
 208 
   
   
   
   
 4,402 
   
   
 10,039 
   
   
 14,441 
   
   
 286 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1038 
   
 Glen Rock 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,109 
   
   
 2,401 
   
   
 551 
   
   
   
   
 1,222 
   
   
 2,839 
   
   
 4,061 
   
   
 880 
   
 Mar-01 
 
 
 0330 
   
 Hackensack 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,283 
   
   
 11,234 
   
   
 839 
   
   
   
   
 2,283 
   
   
 12,073 
   
   
 14,356 
   
   
 2,947 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 8346 
   
 Hackettstown 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,144 
   
   
 6,660 
   
   
 39 
   
   
   
   
 2,144 
   
   
 6,699 
   
   
 8,843 
   
   
 238 
   
 Aug-12 
 
 
 0332 
   
 Harrison 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 3,654 
   
   
 300 
   
   
 6,003 
   
   
 168 
   
   
   
   
 300 
   
   
 6,171 
   
   
 6,471 
   
   
 233 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1117 
   
 Hazlet 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 7,813 
   
   
 1,362 
   
   
 10,262 
   
   
 598 
   
   
   
   
 1,362 
   
   
 10,860 
   
   
 12,222 
   
   
 3,470 
   
 Dec-01 
 
 
 1039 
   
 Hoboken 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 7,981 
   
   
 2,687 
   
   
 6,092 
   
   
 254 
   
   
   
   
 2,687 
   
   
 6,346 
   
   
 9,033 
   
   
 1,940 
   
 Jul-02 
 
 
 1118 
   
 Howell 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 3,361 
   
   
 2,440 
   
   
 3,407 
   
   
 423 
   
   
   
   
 2,440 
   
   
 3,830 
   
   
 6,270 
   
   
 1,308 
   
 Dec-01 
 
 
 1120 
   
 Iselin 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 4,832 
   
   
 505 
   
   
 4,524 
   
   
 532 
   
   
   
   
 505 
   
   
 5,056 
   
   
 5,561 
   
   
 1,728 
   
 Dec-01 
 
 
 0821 
   
 Lawnside 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,249 
   
   
 5,613 
   
   
 110 
   
   
   
   
 1,249 
   
   
 5,723 
   
   
 6,972 
   
   
 169 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1196 
   
 Lawrenceville 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 5,575 
   
   
 3,402 
   
   
 10,230 
   
   
 494 
   
   
   
   
 3,402 
   
   
 10,724 
   
   
 14,126 
   
   
 2,866 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 0739 
   
 Linden 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 3,786 
   
   
 1,517 
   
   
 8,384 
   
   
 248 
   
   
   
   
 1,517 
   
   
 8,632 
   
   
 10,149 
   
   
 1,957 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1328 
   
 Lumberton 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 4,198 
   
   
 831 
   
   
 4,060 
   
   
 222 
   
   
   
   
 831 
   
   
 4,282 
   
   
 5,113 
   
   
 1,136 
   
 Dec-04 
 
 
 1040 
   
 Lyndhurst 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,679 
   
   
 4,644 
   
   
 1,014 
   
   
   
   
 2,929 
   
   
 5,408 
   
   
 8,337 
   
   
 1,650 
   
 Mar-01 
 
 
 8347 
   
 Mahwah 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,890 
   
   
 13,112 
   
   
 200 
   
   
   
   
 1,890 
   
   
 13,312 
   
   
 15,202 
   
   
 475 
   
 Aug-12 
 
 
 8093 
   
 Maple Shade 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 4,276 
   
   
 1,093 
   
   
 5,492 
   
   
 85 
   
   
   
   
 1,093 
   
   
 5,577 
   
   
 6,670 
   
   
 306 
   
 Dec-11 
 
 
 0784 
   
 Merchantville 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 3,757 
   
   
 1,644 
   
   
 3,115 
   
   
 200 
   
   
   
   
 1,644 
   
   
 3,315 
   
   
 4,959 
   
   
 254 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1054 
   
 Metuchen 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 5,830 
   
   
 1,153 
   
   
 4,462 
   
   
 276 
   
   
   
   
 1,153 
   
   
 4,738 
   
   
 5,891 
   
   
 1,515 
   
 Dec-01 
 
 
 1428 
   
 Monmouth Junction 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 3,052 
   
   
 1,700 
   
   
 5,835 
   
   
 122 
   
   
   
   
 1,700 
   
   
 5,957 
   
   
 7,657 
   
   
 609 
   
 Dec-09 
 
 
 8348 
   
 Montville 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 8,209 
   
   
 1,511 
   
   
 11,749 
   
   
 44 
   
   
   
   
 1,511 
   
   
 11,793 
   
   
 13,304 
   
   
 418 
   
 Aug-12 
 
 
 1197 
   
 Morrisville 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,487 
   
   
 7,494 
   
   
 1,214 
   
   
   
   
 2,487 
   
   
 8,708 
   
   
 11,195 
   
   
 2,352 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 
  
  117 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 0381 
   
 Mt Laurel 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 3,099 
   
   
 329 
   
   
 5,217 
   
   
 72 
   
   
   
   
 329 
   
   
 5,289 
   
   
 5,618 
   
   
 206 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1360 
   
 Neptune 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 7,445 
   
   
 4,204 
   
   
 8,906 
   
   
 316 
   
   
   
   
 4,204 
   
   
 9,222 
   
   
 13,426 
   
   
 1,763 
   
 Nov-06 
 
 
 8344 
   
 Newark 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 806 
   
   
 8,340 
   
   
 91 
   
   
   
   
 806 
   
   
 8,431 
   
   
 9,237 
   
   
 320 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0677 
   
 North Bergen 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 861 
   
   
 17,127 
   
   
 133 
   
   
   
   
 861 
   
   
 17,260 
   
   
 18,121 
   
   
 983 
   
 Oct-11 
 
 
 0809 
   
 North Bergen 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 10,318 
   
   
 2,299 
   
   
 12,728 
   
   
 432 
   
   
   
   
 2,299 
   
   
 13,160 
   
   
 15,459 
   
   
 2,997 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1089 
   
 North Bergen 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 9,411 
   
   
 2,100 
   
   
 6,606 
   
   
 355 
   
   
   
   
 2,100 
   
   
 6,961 
   
   
 9,061 
   
   
 2,032 
   
 Jul-03 
 
 
 8345 
   
 North Brunswick 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,789 
   
   
 4,404 
   
   
 95 
   
   
   
   
 2,789 
   
   
 4,499 
   
   
 7,288 
   
   
 177 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1119 
   
 Old Bridge 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 5,685 
   
   
 2,758 
   
   
 6,450 
   
   
 990 
   
   
   
   
 2,758 
   
   
 7,440 
   
   
 10,198 
   
   
 2,455 
   
 Dec-01 
 
 
 0810 
   
 Parlin 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,517 
   
   
 4,516 
   
   
 480 
   
   
   
   
 2,517 
   
   
 4,996 
   
   
 7,513 
   
   
 1,390 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1032 
   
 Parlin 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,273 
   
   
 398 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,671 
   
   
 5,671 
   
   
 2,105 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 8341 
   
 Parsippany 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,353 
   
   
 7,798 
   
   
 103 
   
   
   
   
 2,353 
   
   
 7,901 
   
   
 10,254 
   
   
 306 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0655 
   
 Toms River 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 4,992 
   
   
 1,790 
   
   
 9,935 
   
   
 341 
   
   
   
   
 1,790 
   
   
 10,276 
   
   
 12,066 
   
   
 2,480 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1331 
   
 Union 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 6,605 
   
   
 1,754 
   
   
 6,237 
   
   
 372 
   
   
   
   
 1,754 
   
   
 6,609 
   
   
 8,363 
   
   
 1,682 
   
 Dec-04 
 
 
 1517 
   
 Union 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,133 
   
   
 7,239 
   
   
 74 
   
   
   
   
 1,133 
   
   
 7,313 
   
   
 8,446 
   
   
 211 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1518 
   
 Watchung 
   
 NJ 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,843 
   
   
 4,499 
   
   
 113 
   
   
   
   
 1,843 
   
   
 4,612 
   
   
 6,455 
   
   
 133 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0547 
   
 Albuquerque 
   
 NM 
   
   
 4,775 
   
   
 1,298 
   
   
 4,628 
   
   
 625 
   
   
   
   
 1,298 
   
   
 5,253 
   
   
 6,551 
   
   
 999 
   
 Aug-07 
 
 
 0817 
   
 Albuquerque 
   
 NM 
   
   
 1,949 
   
   
 755 
   
   
 1,797 
   
   
 27 
   
   
   
   
 755 
   
   
 1,824 
   
   
 2,579 
   
   
 54 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0485 
   
 Santa Fe 
   
 NM 
   
   
 5,905 
   
   
 3,066 
   
   
 7,366 
   
   
 302 
   
   
   
   
 3,066 
   
   
 7,668 
   
   
 10,734 
   
   
 292 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0830 
   
 Henderson 
   
 NV 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,934 
   
   
 8,897 
   
   
 80 
   
   
   
   
 2,934 
   
   
 8,977 
   
   
 11,911 
   
   
 260 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0816 
   
 Las Vegas 
   
 NV 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 400 
   
   
 4,936 
   
   
 49 
   
   
   
   
 400 
   
   
 4,985 
   
   
 5,385 
   
   
 147 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0820 
   
 Las Vegas 
   
 NV 
   
   
 4,512 
   
   
 773 
   
   
 6,006 
   
   
 67 
   
   
   
   
 773 
   
   
 6,073 
   
   
 6,846 
   
   
 179 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1058 
   
 Las Vegas 
   
 NV 
   
   
 1,194 
   
   
 251 
   
   
 717 
   
   
 517 
   
   
   
   
 278 
   
   
 1,207 
   
   
 1,485 
   
   
 520 
   
 Feb-00 
 
 
 1465 
   
 Las Vegas 
   
 NV 
   
   
 2,462 
   
   
 1,441 
   
   
 1,810 
   
   
 105 
   
   
   
   
 1,441 
   
   
 1,915 
   
   
 3,356 
   
   
 141 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 0850 
   
 Las Vegas 
   
 NV 
   
   
 3,717 
   
   
 628 
   
   
 4,005 
   
   
 (453 
 ) 
   
   
   
 279 
   
   
 3,901 
   
   
 4,180 
   
   
 429 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0409 
   
 Amsterdam 
   
 NY 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 715 
   
   
 241 
   
   
 (956 
 ) 
 (a) 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1391 
   
 Bohemia 
   
 NY 
   
   
 1,470 
   
   
 1,456 
   
   
 1,398 
   
   
 351 
   
   
   
   
 1,456 
   
   
 1,749 
   
   
 3,205 
   
   
 330 
   
 Dec-07 
 
 
 1042 
   
 Bronx 
   
 NY 
   
   
 18,369 
   
   
 3,450 
   
   
 21,210 
   
   
 347 
   
   
   
   
 3,450 
   
   
 21,557 
   
   
 25,007 
   
   
 1,142 
   
 Dec-11 
 
 
 1213 
   
 Bronx 
   
 NY 
   
   
 9,548 
   
   
 3,995 
   
   
 11,870 
   
   
 781 
   
   
   
   
 3,995 
   
   
 12,651 
   
   
 16,646 
   
   
 3,234 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0727 
   
 Brooklyn 
   
 NY 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 16,188 
   
   
 23,309 
   
   
 297 
   
   
   
   
 16,257 
   
   
 23,537 
   
   
 39,794 
   
   
 892 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1399 
   
 Brooklyn 
   
 NY 
   
   
 20,074 
   
   
 12,993 
   
   
 10,405 
   
   
 306 
   
   
   
   
 12,993 
   
   
 10,711 
   
   
 23,704 
   
   
 1,492 
   
 Oct-08 
 
 
 1450 
   
 Brooklyn 
   
 NY 
   
   
 8,160 
   
   
 2,802 
   
   
 6,536 
   
   
 204 
   
   
   
   
 2,802 
   
   
 6,740 
   
   
 9,542 
   
   
 660 
   
 May-10 
 
 
 1398 
   
 Centereach 
   
 NY 
   
   
 4,191 
   
   
 2,226 
   
   
 1,657 
   
   
 192 
   
   
   
   
 2,226 
   
   
 1,849 
   
   
 4,075 
   
   
 286 
   
 Oct-08 
 
 
 
  
  118 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 8349 
   
 Central Valley 
   
 NY 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,800 
   
   
 12,173 
   
   
 380 
   
   
   
   
 2,800 
   
   
 12,553 
   
   
 15,353 
   
   
 446 
   
 Aug-12 
 
 
 1451 
   
 Freeport 
   
 NY 
   
   
 5,253 
   
   
 5,676 
   
   
 3,784 
   
   
 745 
   
   
   
   
 5,676 
   
   
 4,529 
   
   
 10,205 
   
   
 421 
   
 Nov-10 
 
 
 0674 
   
 Hauppauge 
   
 NY 
   
   
 5,676 
   
   
 1,238 
   
   
 7,095 
   
   
 336 
   
   
   
   
 1,238 
   
   
 7,431 
   
   
 8,669 
   
   
 284 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0630 
   
 Hicksville 
   
 NY 
   
   
 8,939 
   
   
 2,581 
   
   
 10,677 
   
   
 29 
   
   
   
   
 2,581 
   
   
 10,706 
   
   
 13,287 
   
   
 402 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0405 
   
 Kingston 
   
 NY 
   
   
 4,959 
   
   
 837 
   
   
 6,199 
   
   
 15 
   
   
   
   
 837 
   
   
 6,214 
   
   
 7,051 
   
   
 234 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0502 
   
 Mount Vernon 
   
 NY 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,585 
   
   
 6,025 
   
   
 2,389 
   
   
   
   
 1,585 
   
   
 8,414 
   
   
 9,999 
   
   
 1,898 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1087 
   
 Mount Vernon 
   
 NY 
   
   
 8,401 
   
   
 1,926 
   
   
 7,622 
   
   
 783 
   
   
   
   
 1,926 
   
   
 8,405 
   
   
 10,331 
   
   
 2,474 
   
 Nov-02 
 
 
 1055 
   
 Nanuet 
   
 NY 
   
   
 3,688 
   
   
 2,072 
   
   
 4,644 
   
   
 1,724 
   
   
   
   
 2,739 
   
   
 5,701 
   
   
 8,440 
   
   
 1,767 
   
 Feb-02 
 
 
 0406 
   
 New Paltz 
   
 NY 
   
   
 4,564 
   
   
 2,059 
   
   
 3,715 
   
   
 410 
   
   
   
   
 2,059 
   
   
 4,125 
   
   
 6,184 
   
   
 1,096 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0539 
   
 New York 
   
 NY 
   
   
 19,326 
   
   
 3,060 
   
   
 16,978 
   
   
 696 
   
   
   
   
 3,060 
   
   
 17,674 
   
   
 20,734 
   
   
 4,095 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1050 
   
 Plainview 
   
 NY 
   
   
 7,692 
   
   
 4,287 
   
   
 3,710 
   
   
 661 
   
   
   
   
 4,287 
   
   
 4,371 
   
   
 8,658 
   
   
 1,599 
   
 Dec-00 
 
 
 8350 
   
 Poughkeepsie 
   
 NY 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,038 
   
   
 7,862 
   
   
 71 
   
   
   
   
 1,038 
   
   
 7,933 
   
   
 8,971 
   
   
 303 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0470 
   
 Ridge 
   
 NY 
   
   
 6,264 
   
   
 1,762 
   
   
 6,934 
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
   
 1,762 
   
   
 6,950 
   
   
 8,712 
   
   
 261 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1501 
   
 Cincinnati 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,941 
   
   
 2,177 
   
   
 195 
   
   
   
   
 2,941 
   
   
 2,372 
   
   
 5,313 
   
   
 195 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1502 
   
 Cincinnati 
   
 OH 
   
   
 4,638 
   
   
 1,815 
   
   
 5,733 
   
   
 219 
   
   
   
   
 1,815 
   
   
 5,952 
   
   
 7,767 
   
   
 435 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1503 
   
 Cincinnati 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,445 
   
   
 3,755 
   
   
 185 
   
   
   
   
 1,445 
   
   
 3,940 
   
   
 5,385 
   
   
 292 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1504 
   
 Cincinnati 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,217 
   
   
 1,941 
   
   
 109 
   
   
   
   
 1,217 
   
   
 2,050 
   
   
 3,267 
   
   
 151 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 0438 
   
 Columbus 
   
 OH 
   
   
 2,764 
   
   
 483 
   
   
 2,654 
   
   
 568 
   
   
   
   
 483 
   
   
 3,222 
   
   
 3,705 
   
   
 940 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0522 
   
 Columbus 
   
 OH 
   
   
 1,430 
   
   
 657 
   
   
 2,025 
   
   
 13 
   
   
   
   
 727 
   
   
 1,968 
   
   
 2,695 
   
   
 163 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0525 
   
 Columbus 
   
 OH 
   
   
 3,622 
   
   
 924 
   
   
 5,113 
   
   
 247 
   
   
   
   
 1,227 
   
   
 5,057 
   
   
 6,284 
   
   
 495 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1548 
   
 Fairfield 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 904 
   
   
 3,856 
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
   
 904 
   
   
 3,863 
   
   
 4,767 
   
   
 12 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1511 
   
 Greenville 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 189 
   
   
 302 
   
   
 72 
   
   
   
   
 189 
   
   
 374 
   
   
 563 
   
   
 32 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1505 
   
 Hamilton 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 673 
   
   
 2,910 
   
   
 96 
   
   
   
   
 673 
   
   
 3,006 
   
   
 3,679 
   
   
 211 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 0829 
   
 Hilliard 
   
 OH 
   
   
 2,110 
   
   
 1,613 
   
   
 2,369 
   
   
 208 
   
   
   
   
 1,613 
   
   
 2,577 
   
   
 4,190 
   
   
 82 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0365 
   
 Kent 
   
 OH 
   
   
 1,430 
   
   
 220 
   
   
 1,206 
   
   
 222 
   
   
   
   
 220 
   
   
 1,428 
   
   
 1,648 
   
   
 424 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1506 
   
 Lebanon 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,657 
   
   
 1,566 
   
   
 301 
   
   
   
   
 1,657 
   
   
 1,867 
   
   
 3,524 
   
   
 137 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 0368 
   
 Mentor 
   
 OH 
   
   
 1,343 
   
   
 409 
   
   
 1,609 
   
   
 97 
   
   
   
   
 409 
   
   
 1,706 
   
   
 2,115 
   
   
 71 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0826 
   
 Mentor 
   
 OH 
   
   
 1,280 
   
   
 658 
   
   
 1,267 
   
   
 174 
   
   
   
   
 658 
   
   
 1,441 
   
   
 2,099 
   
   
 44 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1507 
   
 Middletown 
   
 OH 
   
   
 1,310 
   
   
 534 
   
   
 1,047 
   
   
 93 
   
   
   
   
 534 
   
   
 1,140 
   
   
 1,674 
   
   
 88 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1509 
   
 Sidney 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 201 
   
   
 262 
   
   
 63 
   
   
   
   
 201 
   
   
 325 
   
   
 526 
   
   
 33 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1510 
   
 Troy 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 273 
   
   
 544 
   
   
 115 
   
   
   
   
 273 
   
   
 659 
   
   
 932 
   
   
 57 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 1512 
   
 Washington Court House 
   
 OH 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 197 
   
   
 499 
   
   
 61 
   
   
   
   
 197 
   
   
 560 
   
   
 757 
   
   
 47 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 0367 
   
 Willoughby 
   
 OH 
   
   
 1,108 
   
   
 155 
   
   
 1,811 
   
   
 34 
   
   
   
   
 155 
   
   
 1,845 
   
   
 2,000 
   
   
 69 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 
  
  119 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


   
 Table of Contents   

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 1508 
   
 Xenia 
   
 OH 
   
   
 1,655 
   
   
 302 
   
   
 1,022 
   
   
 60 
   
   
   
   
 302 
   
   
 1,082 
   
   
 1,384 
   
   
 84 
   
 Jun-11 
 
 
 0288 
   
 Aloha 
   
 OR 
   
   
 6,207 
   
   
 1,221 
   
   
 6,262 
   
   
 265 
   
   
   
   
 1,221 
   
   
 6,527 
   
   
 7,748 
   
   
 1,561 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0286 
   
 Beaverton 
   
 OR 
   
   
 4,730 
   
   
 2,014 
   
   
 5,786 
   
   
 46 
   
   
   
   
 2,014 
   
   
 5,832 
   
   
 7,846 
   
   
 223 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1294 
   
 King City 
   
 OR 
   
   
 3,081 
   
   
 2,520 
   
   
 6,845 
   
   
 45 
   
   
   
   
 2,520 
   
   
 6,890 
   
   
 9,410 
   
   
 720 
   
 Sep-09 
 
 
 1332 
   
 Bensalem 
   
 PA 
   
   
 3,329 
   
   
 1,131 
   
   
 4,525 
   
   
 288 
   
   
   
   
 1,131 
   
   
 4,813 
   
   
 5,944 
   
   
 1,237 
   
 Dec-04 
 
 
 1354 
   
 Bensalem 
   
 PA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 750 
   
   
 3,015 
   
   
 180 
   
   
   
   
 750 
   
   
 3,195 
   
   
 3,945 
   
   
 708 
   
 Mar-06 
 
 
 1036 
   
 Doylestown 
   
 PA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 220 
   
   
 3,442 
   
   
 1,055 
   
   
   
   
 521 
   
   
 4,196 
   
   
 4,717 
   
   
 1,325 
   
 Nov-99 
 
 
 1046 
   
 Kennedy Township 
   
 PA 
   
   
 2,591 
   
   
 736 
   
   
 3,173 
   
   
 188 
   
   
   
   
 736 
   
   
 3,361 
   
   
 4,097 
   
   
 1,234 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 1198 
   
 Philadelphia 
   
 PA 
   
   
 5,646 
   
   
 1,965 
   
   
 5,925 
   
   
 1,083 
   
   
   
   
 1,965 
   
   
 7,008 
   
   
 8,973 
   
   
 1,928 
   
 Feb-04 
 
 
 0542 
   
 Philadelphia 
   
 PA 
   
   
 8,578 
   
   
 3,000 
   
   
 7,909 
   
   
 59 
   
   
   
   
 596 
   
   
 10,372 
   
   
 10,968 
   
   
 543 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1045 
   
 Pittsburgh 
   
 PA 
   
   
 3,822 
   
   
 889 
   
   
 4,117 
   
   
 559 
   
   
   
   
 889 
   
   
 4,676 
   
   
 5,565 
   
   
 1,675 
   
 May-04 
 
 
 1063 
   
 Pittsburgh 
   
 PA 
   
   
 2,591 
   
   
 991 
   
   
 1,990 
   
   
 885 
   
   
   
   
 1,082 
   
   
 2,784 
   
   
 3,866 
   
   
 954 
   
 Aug-00 
 
 
 1048 
   
 Willow Grove 
   
 PA 
   
   
 5,182 
   
   
 1,297 
   
   
 4,027 
   
   
 212 
   
   
   
   
 1,297 
   
   
 4,239 
   
   
 5,536 
   
   
 361 
   
 Jan-11 
 
 
 0741 
   
 Johnston 
   
 RI 
   
   
 6,767 
   
   
 2,658 
   
   
 4,799 
   
   
 462 
   
   
   
   
 2,658 
   
   
 5,261 
   
   
 7,919 
   
   
 1,339 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1150 
   
 Johnston 
   
 RI 
   
   
 1,932 
   
   
 533 
   
   
 2,127 
   
   
 47 
   
   
   
   
 533 
   
   
 2,174 
   
   
 2,707 
   
   
 118 
   
 Dec-11 
 
 
 1303 
   
 Charleston 
   
 SC 
   
   
 3,521 
   
   
 1,279 
   
   
 4,171 
   
   
 213 
   
   
   
   
 1,279 
   
   
 4,384 
   
   
 5,663 
   
   
 1,109 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1305 
   
 Columbia 
   
 SC 
   
   
 2,821 
   
   
 838 
   
   
 3,312 
   
   
 251 
   
   
   
   
 838 
   
   
 3,563 
   
   
 4,401 
   
   
 944 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 8174 
   
 Columbia 
   
 SC 
   
   
 3,310 
   
   
 1,784 
   
   
 2,745 
   
   
 59 
   
   
   
   
 1,784 
   
   
 2,804 
   
   
 4,588 
   
   
 105 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1311 
   
 Goose Creek 
   
 SC 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,683 
   
   
 4,372 
   
   
 1,020 
   
   
   
   
 1,683 
   
   
 5,392 
   
   
 7,075 
   
   
 1,274 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1323 
   
 Summerville 
   
 SC 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 450 
   
   
 4,454 
   
   
 179 
   
   
   
   
 450 
   
   
 4,633 
   
   
 5,083 
   
   
 1,178 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0578 
   
 Bartlett 
   
 TN 
   
   
 2,512 
   
   
 632 
   
   
 3,798 
   
   
 35 
   
   
   
   
 632 
   
   
 3,833 
   
   
 4,465 
   
   
 144 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0487 
   
 Cordova 
   
 TN 
   
   
 6,576 
   
   
 2,627 
   
   
 9,786 
   
   
 432 
   
   
   
   
 8,187 
   
   
 4,658 
   
   
 12,845 
   
   
 788 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0506 
   
 Cordova 
   
 TN 
   
   
 2,573 
   
   
 852 
   
   
 2,720 
   
   
 258 
   
   
   
   
 852 
   
   
 2,978 
   
   
 3,830 
   
   
 786 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0704 
   
 Cordova 
   
 TN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 894 
   
   
 2,680 
   
   
 151 
   
   
   
   
 894 
   
   
 2,831 
   
   
 3,725 
   
   
 555 
   
 Jan-07 
 
 
 8122 
   
 Cordova 
   
 TN 
   
   
 2,057 
   
   
 652 
   
   
 1,791 
   
   
 72 
   
   
   
   
 652 
   
   
 1,863 
   
   
 2,515 
   
   
 142 
   
 Apr-11 
 
 
 0823 
   
 Franklin 
   
 TN 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,357 
   
   
 8,984 
   
   
 143 
   
   
   
   
 3,357 
   
   
 9,127 
   
   
 12,484 
   
   
 267 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0198 
   
 Memphis 
   
 TN 
   
   
 2,002 
   
   
 1,255 
   
   
 2,909 
   
   
 77 
   
   
   
   
 1,313 
   
   
 2,928 
   
   
 4,241 
   
   
 255 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0252 
   
 Memphis 
   
 TN 
   
   
 2,955 
   
   
 1,154 
   
   
 4,217 
   
   
 119 
   
   
   
   
 803 
   
   
 4,687 
   
   
 5,490 
   
   
 313 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0374 
   
 Memphis 
   
 TN 
   
   
 1,041 
   
   
 110 
   
   
 1,280 
   
   
 19 
   
   
   
   
 110 
   
   
 1,299 
   
   
 1,409 
   
   
 49 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0680 
   
 Memphis 
   
 TN 
   
   
 1,713 
   
   
 274 
   
   
 2,623 
   
   
 21 
   
   
   
   
 274 
   
   
 2,644 
   
   
 2,918 
   
   
 101 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0811 
   
 Memphis 
   
 TN 
   
   
 3,538 
   
   
 1,040 
   
   
 3,867 
   
   
 113 
   
   
   
   
 1,040 
   
   
 3,980 
   
   
 5,020 
   
   
 116 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0813 
   
 Memphis 
   
 TN 
   
   
 2,629 
   
   
 1,617 
   
   
 2,875 
   
   
 87 
   
   
   
   
 1,617 
   
   
 2,962 
   
   
 4,579 
   
   
 85 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0574 
   
 Nashville 
   
 TN 
   
   
 2,892 
   
   
 390 
   
   
 2,598 
   
   
 690 
   
   
   
   
 390 
   
   
 3,288 
   
   
 3,678 
   
   
 941 
   
 Apr-06 
 
 
 1363 
   
 Allen 
   
 TX 
   
   
 4,605 
   
   
 901 
   
   
 5,553 
   
   
 214 
   
   
   
   
 901 
   
   
 5,767 
   
   
 6,668 
   
   
 1,127 
   
 Nov-06 
 
 
 1301 
   
 Arlington 
   
 TX 
   
   
 2,206 
   
   
 534 
   
   
 2,525 
   
   
 403 
   
   
   
   
 534 
   
   
 2,928 
   
   
 3,462 
   
   
 844 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0472 
   
 Austin 
   
 TX 
   
   
 2,287 
   
   
 2,790 
   
   
 4,991 
   
   
 134 
   
   
   
   
 3,411 
   
   
 4,504 
   
   
 7,915 
   
   
 360 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1302 
   
 Austin 
   
 TX 
   
   
 5,169 
   
   
 870 
   
   
 4,455 
   
   
 327 
   
   
   
   
 870 
   
   
 4,782 
   
   
 5,652 
   
   
 1,259 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 
  
  120 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 0476 
   
 Dallas 
   
 TX 
   
   
 4,194 
   
   
 5,061 
   
   
 8,224 
   
   
 223 
   
   
   
   
 7,143 
   
   
 6,365 
   
   
 13,508 
   
   
 644 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0514 
   
 Dallas 
   
 TX 
   
   
 11,432 
   
   
 1,980 
   
   
 12,501 
   
   
 344 
   
   
   
   
 1,980 
   
   
 12,845 
   
   
 14,825 
   
   
 2,642 
   
 May-06 
 
 
 0561 
   
 Dallas 
   
 TX 
   
   
 2,032 
   
   
 337 
   
   
 2,216 
   
   
 483 
   
   
   
   
 337 
   
   
 2,699 
   
   
 3,036 
   
   
 729 
   
 Apr-06 
 
 
 0629 
   
 Dallas 
   
 TX 
   
   
 5,306 
   
   
 921 
   
   
 7,656 
   
   
 64 
   
   
   
   
 921 
   
   
 7,720 
   
   
 8,641 
   
   
 289 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1307 
   
 Dallas 
   
 TX 
   
   
 10,770 
   
   
 4,432 
   
   
 6,181 
   
   
 1,115 
   
   
   
   
 4,432 
   
   
 7,296 
   
   
 11,728 
   
   
 1,768 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1497 
   
 Dallas 
   
 TX 
   
   
 3,926 
   
   
 2,542 
   
   
 3,274 
   
   
 196 
   
   
   
   
 2,542 
   
   
 3,470 
   
   
 6,012 
   
   
 131 
   
 Aug-12 
 
 
 0795 
   
 Euless 
   
 TX 
   
   
 2,915 
   
   
 671 
   
   
 3,213 
   
   
 624 
   
   
   
   
 671 
   
   
 3,837 
   
   
 4,508 
   
   
 331 
   
 Apr-11 
 
 
 8081 
   
 Euless 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,374 
   
   
 5,636 
   
   
 61 
   
   
   
   
 1,374 
   
   
 5,697 
   
   
 7,071 
   
   
 92 
   
 May-13 
 
 
 1309 
   
 Fort Worth 
   
 TX 
   
   
 4,775 
   
   
 631 
   
   
 5,794 
   
   
 272 
   
   
   
   
 631 
   
   
 6,066 
   
   
 6,697 
   
   
 1,551 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1551 
   
 Fort Worth 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 3,158 
   
   
 2,512 
   
   
 5 
   
   
   
   
 3,158 
   
   
 2,517 
   
   
 5,675 
   
   
 8 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1559 
   
 Fort Worth 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,033 
   
   
 2,495 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 2,033 
   
   
 2,495 
   
   
 4,528 
   
   
 3 
   
 Dec-13 
 
 
 1549 
   
 Garland 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,424 
   
   
 2,209 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 1,424 
   
   
 2,209 
   
   
 3,633 
   
   
 7 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1312 
   
 Grand Prairie 
   
 TX 
   
   
 2,391 
   
   
 551 
   
   
 2,330 
   
   
 310 
   
   
   
   
 551 
   
   
 2,640 
   
   
 3,191 
   
   
 697 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1496 
   
 Grand Prairie 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,327 
   
   
 1,551 
   
   
 161 
   
   
   
   
 2,327 
   
   
 1,712 
   
   
 4,039 
   
   
 65 
   
 Aug-12 
 
 
 0466 
   
 Houston 
   
 TX 
   
   
 3,241 
   
   
 1,828 
   
   
 4,196 
   
   
 181 
   
   
   
   
 2,017 
   
   
 4,188 
   
   
 6,205 
   
   
 394 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0584 
   
 Houston 
   
 TX 
   
   
 8,874 
   
   
 2,596 
   
   
 8,735 
   
   
 397 
   
   
   
   
 2,596 
   
   
 9,132 
   
   
 11,728 
   
   
 1,874 
   
 Apr-06 
 
 
 1457 
   
 Houston 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 402 
   
   
 1,870 
   
   
 181 
   
   
   
   
 402 
   
   
 2,051 
   
   
 2,453 
   
   
 182 
   
 Dec-10 
 
 
 1490 
   
 Houston 
   
 TX 
   
   
 6,001 
   
   
 1,036 
   
   
 8,133 
   
   
 84 
   
   
   
   
 1,036 
   
   
 8,217 
   
   
 9,253 
   
   
 405 
   
 Feb-12 
 
 
 1550 
   
 Killeen 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,207 
   
   
 1,688 
   
   
 — 
   
   
   
   
 1,207 
   
   
 1,688 
   
   
 2,895 
   
   
 5 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1456 
   
 La Porte 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,608 
   
   
 2,351 
   
   
 273 
   
   
   
   
 1,608 
   
   
 2,624 
   
   
 4,232 
   
   
 254 
   
 Dec-10 
 
 
 0473 
   
 Plano 
   
 TX 
   
   
 3,145 
   
   
 2,259 
   
   
 4,780 
   
   
 70 
   
   
   
   
 2,752 
   
   
 4,357 
   
   
 7,109 
   
   
 417 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 1364 
   
 Plano 
   
 TX 
   
   
 5,271 
   
   
 1,010 
   
   
 6,203 
   
   
 335 
   
   
   
   
 1,010 
   
   
 6,538 
   
   
 7,548 
   
   
 1,257 
   
 Nov-06 
 
 
 1365 
   
 Plano 
   
 TX 
   
   
 4,580 
   
   
 614 
   
   
 3,775 
   
   
 258 
   
   
   
   
 614 
   
   
 4,033 
   
   
 4,647 
   
   
 810 
   
 Nov-06 
 
 
 1357 
   
 Rowlett 
   
 TX 
   
   
 2,185 
   
   
 1,002 
   
   
 2,601 
   
   
 342 
   
   
   
   
 1,002 
   
   
 2,943 
   
   
 3,945 
   
   
 639 
   
 Aug-06 
 
 
 1306 
   
 San Antonio 
   
 TX 
   
   
 2,569 
   
   
 1,269 
   
   
 1,816 
   
   
 603 
   
   
   
   
 1,269 
   
   
 2,419 
   
   
 3,688 
   
   
 727 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1326 
   
 San Antonio 
   
 TX 
   
   
 2,511 
   
   
 253 
   
   
 1,496 
   
   
 159 
   
   
   
   
 253 
   
   
 1,655 
   
   
 1,908 
   
   
 458 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 1387 
   
 San Antonio 
   
 TX 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,471 
   
   
 3,556 
   
   
 (194 
 ) 
   
   
   
 2,471 
   
   
 3,362 
   
   
 5,833 
   
   
 597 
   
 Dec-07 
 
 
 0521 
   
 South Houston 
   
 TX 
   
   
 3,331 
   
   
 478 
   
   
 4,069 
   
   
 772 
   
   
   
   
 478 
   
   
 4,841 
   
   
 5,319 
   
   
 1,105 
   
 Apr-06 
 
 
 0306 
   
 Spring 
   
 TX 
   
   
 3,310 
   
   
 506 
   
   
 5,096 
   
   
 117 
   
   
   
   
 506 
   
   
 5,213 
   
   
 5,719 
   
   
 203 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 8246 
   
 Spring 
   
 TX 
   
   
 1,943 
   
   
 978 
   
   
 1,347 
   
   
 158 
   
   
   
   
 978 
   
   
 1,505 
   
   
 2,483 
   
   
 99 
   
 Aug-11 
 
 
 1006 
   
 Kearns 
   
 UT 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 642 
   
   
 2,607 
   
   
 346 
   
   
   
   
 642 
   
   
 2,953 
   
   
 3,595 
   
   
 810 
   
 Jun-04 
 
 
 1454 
   
 Murray 
   
 UT 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 571 
   
   
 986 
   
   
 2,081 
   
   
   
   
 571 
   
   
 3,067 
   
   
 3,638 
   
   
 182 
   
 Nov-10 
 
 
 0792 
   
 Orem 
   
 UT 
   
   
 2,099 
   
   
 841 
   
   
 2,335 
   
   
 172 
   
   
   
   
 841 
   
   
 2,507 
   
   
 3,348 
   
   
 183 
   
 Apr-11 
 
 
 8002 
   
 Salt Lake City 
   
 UT 
   
   
 3,052 
   
   
 986 
   
   
 3,455 
   
   
 162 
   
   
   
   
 986 
   
   
 3,617 
   
   
 4,603 
   
   
 314 
   
 Oct-10 
 
 
 0132 
   
 Sandy 
   
 UT 
   
   
 5,583 
   
   
 1,349 
   
   
 4,372 
   
   
 450 
   
   
   
   
 1,349 
   
   
 4,822 
   
   
 6,171 
   
   
 1,158 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 8149 
   
 Sandy 
   
 UT 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 2,063 
   
   
 5,202 
   
   
 7 
   
   
   
   
 2,063 
   
   
 5,209 
   
   
 7,272 
   
   
 173 
   
 Sep-12 
 
 
 1455 
   
 West Jordan 
   
 UT 
   
   
 2,123 
   
   
 735 
   
   
 2,146 
   
   
 347 
   
   
   
   
 735 
   
   
 2,493 
   
   
 3,228 
   
   
 218 
   
 Nov-10 
 
 
 0230 
   
 West Valley City 
   
 UT 
   
   
 2,845 
   
   
 461 
   
   
 1,722 
   
   
 163 
   
   
   
   
 461 
   
   
 1,885 
   
   
 2,346 
   
   
 482 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 
  
  121 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 

 Extra Space Storage Inc. 
Schedule III 
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (Continued) 
(Dollars in thousands)   
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Gross carrying amount at December 31, 2013  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Adjustments 
and costs 
subsequent 
to acquisition  
   
   
   
   
   
 Date 
acquired or 
development 
completed  
 
 
 Property

 

  
   
 Property Name  
   
 State  
   
 Debt  
   
 Land 
initial 
cost  
   
 Building and 
improvements 
initial cost  
   
 Notes  
   
 Land  
   
 Building and 
improvements  
   
 Total  
   
 Accumulated 
depreciation  
 
 
 0467 
   
 Alexandria 
   
 VA 
   
   
 13,563 
   
   
 5,029 
   
   
 18,943 
   
   
 44 
   
   
   
   
 5,029 
   
   
 18,987 
   
   
 24,016 
   
   
 713 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 1380 
   
 Alexandria 
   
 VA 
   
   
 5,698 
   
   
 1,620 
   
   
 13,103 
   
   
 567 
   
   
   
   
 1,623 
   
   
 13,667 
   
   
 15,290 
   
   
 2,650 
   
 Jun-07 
 
 
 1452 
   
 Arlington 
   
 VA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,802 
   
   
 144 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 4,946 
   
   
 4,946 
   
   
 1,339 
   
 Oct-10 
 
 
 0707 
   
 Burke 
   
 VA 
   
   
 4,861 
   
   
 4,520 
   
   
 13,916 
   
   
 445 
   
   
   
   
 11,534 
   
   
 7,347 
   
   
 18,881 
   
   
 890 
   
 Nov-13 
 
 
 0717 
   
 Dumfries 
   
 VA 
   
   
 5,264 
   
   
 932 
   
   
 9,349 
   
   
 157 
   
   
   
   
 932 
   
   
 9,506 
   
   
 10,438 
   
   
 667 
   
 May-11 
 
 
 0678 
   
 Falls Church 
   
 VA 
   
   
 5,909 
   
   
 1,259 
   
   
 6,975 
   
   
 397 
   
   
   
   
 1,259 
   
   
 7,372 
   
   
 8,631 
   
   
 1,747 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 0828 
   
 Falls Church 
   
 VA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 5,703 
   
   
 13,307 
   
   
 112 
   
   
   
   
 5,703 
   
   
 13,419 
   
   
 19,122 
   
   
 388 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 0327 
   
 Fredericksburg 
   
 VA 
   
   
 4,339 
   
   
 2,128 
   
   
 5,398 
   
   
 47 
   
   
   
   
 2,128 
   
   
 5,445 
   
   
 7,573 
   
   
 204 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 0824 
   
 Fredericksburg 
   
 VA 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 1,438 
   
   
 2,459 
   
   
 115 
   
   
   
   
 1,438 
   
   
 2,574 
   
   
 4,012 
   
   
 75 
   
 Nov-12 
 
 
 1325 
   
 Richmond 
   
 VA 
   
   
 4,582 
   
   
 2,305 
   
   
 5,467 
   
   
 315 
   
   
   
   
 2,305 
   
   
 5,782 
   
   
 8,087 
   
   
 1,409 
   
 Aug-04 
 
 
 0764 
   
 Stafford 
   
 VA 
   
   
 4,437 
   
   
 2,076 
   
   
 5,175 
   
   
 77 
   
   
   
   
 2,076 
   
   
 5,252 
   
   
 7,328 
   
   
 688 
   
 Jan-09 
 
 
 1498 
   
 Stafford 
   
 VA 
   
   
 4,445 
   
   
 1,172 
   
   
 5,562 
   
   
 110 
   
   
   
   
 1,172 
   
   
 5,672 
   
   
 6,844 
   
   
 192 
   
 Sep-12 
 
 
 1341 
   
 Lakewood 
   
 WA 
   
   
 4,474 
   
   
 1,917 
   
   
 5,256 
   
   
 199 
   
   
   
   
 1,917 
   
   
 5,455 
   
   
 7,372 
   
   
 1,159 
   
 Feb-06 
 
 
 1342 
   
 Lakewood 
   
 WA 
   
   
 4,471 
   
   
 1,389 
   
   
 4,780 
   
   
 290 
   
   
   
   
 1,389 
   
   
 5,070 
   
   
 6,459 
   
   
 1,083 
   
 Feb-06 
 
 
 0643 
   
 Seattle 
   
 WA 
   
   
 7,379 
   
   
 2,727 
   
   
 7,241 
   
   
 224 
   
   
   
   
 2,727 
   
   
 7,465 
   
   
 10,192 
   
   
 1,737 
   
 Jul-05 
 
 
 1343 
   
 Tacoma 
   
 WA 
   
   
 3,502 
   
   
 1,031 
   
   
 3,103 
   
   
 143 
   
   
   
   
 1,031 
   
   
 3,246 
   
   
 4,277 
   
   
 721 
   
 Feb-06 
 
 
 0285 
   
 Vancouver 
   
 WA 
   
   
 3,132 
   
   
 709 
   
   
 4,280 
   
   
 55 
   
   
   
   
 709 
   
   
 4,335 
   
   
 5,044 
   
   
 164 
   
 Jul-12 
 
 
 
  
   
 Other corporate assets 
   
   
   
   
 (3,936 
 ) 
   
 849 
   
   
 2,202 
   
   
 64,023 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 67,074 
   
   
 67,074 
   
   
 8,728 
   
 Various 
 
 
   
   
 Construction in progress 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,651 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 6,651 
   
   
 6,651 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 
 
   
   
 Intangible tenant relationships and lease rights 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 60,011 
   
   
 14,498 
   
   
   
   
 — 
   
   
 74,509 
   
   
 74,509 
   
   
 60,330 
   
 Various 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 $ 
 1,588,596 
   
 $ 
 1,000,356 
   
 $ 
 2,894,399 
   
 $ 
 238,543 
   
   
   
 $ 
 1,019,921 
   
 $ 
 3,113,377 
   
 $ 
 4,133,298 
   
 $ 
 496,754 
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 
 


 (a)    Adjustments relate to sale of property  
  
  122 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   


         Activity in real estate facilities during the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 is as follows:  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
 2013  
   
 2012  
   
 2011  
   
 
 
   Operating facilities 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Balance at beginning of year 
   
 $ 
 3,379,512 
   
 $ 
 2,573,731 
   
 $ 
 2,198,361 
   
 
 
   Acquisitions 
   
   
 711,710 
   
   
 761,977 
   
   
 301,531 
   
 
 
   Improvements 
   
   
 37,949 
   
   
 34,964 
   
   
 39,352 
   
 
 
   Transfers from construction in progress 
   
   
 3,643 
   
   
 8,957 
   
   
 34,777 
   
 
 
   Dispositions and other 
   
   
 (6,166 
 ) 
   
 (117 
 ) 
   
 (290 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance at end of year 
   
 $ 
 4,126,648 
   
 $ 
 3,379,512 
   
 $ 
 2,573,731 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Accumulated depreciation: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Balance at beginning of year 
   
 $ 
 391,928 
   
 $ 
 319,302 
   
 $ 
 263,042 
   
 
 
   Depreciation expense 
   
   
 104,963 
   
   
 72,626 
   
   
 56,702 
   
 
 
   Dispositions and other 
   
   
 (137 
 ) 
   
 — 
   
   
 (442 
 ) 
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance at end of year 
   
 $ 
 496,754 
   
 $ 
 391,928 
   
 $ 
 319,302 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Real estate under development/redevelopment: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
   Balance at beginning of year 
   
 $ 
 4,138 
   
 $ 
 9,366 
   
 $ 
 37,083 
   
 
 
   Current development 
   
   
 6,466 
   
   
 3,759 
   
   
 7,060 
   
 
 
   Transfers to operating facilities 
   
   
 (3,954 
 ) 
   
 (8,987 
 ) 
   
 (34,777 
 ) 
 
 
   Dispositions and other 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
   
 — 
   
 
 
 



 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Balance at end of year 
   
 $ 
 6,650 
   
 $ 
 4,138 
   
 $ 
 9,366 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 



 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
   Net real estate assets 
   
 $ 
 3,636,544 
   
 $ 
 2,991,722 
   
 $ 
 2,263,795 
   
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 ​ 
 
 
 


 




 


  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
          The
aggregate cost of real estate for U.S. federal income tax purposes is $3,679,606.   

   
       Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure          


         None.   

   
       Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures          

 
 (i) Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

         We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of "disclosure controls
and procedures" in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to
apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.  


         We
have a disclosure committee that is responsible for considering the materiality of information and determining the disclosure obligations of the Company on a timely basis. The
disclosure committee meets quarterly and reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer.  

 123 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 




 


  

 

 
 Table of Contents   

         We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by this report.  

 
 (ii) Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 (a) Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

         Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting
based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2013.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  


         Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued the following attestation report over our internal control over financial reporting.  

 
 (b) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   


  The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Extra Space Storage Inc.   

         We have audited Extra Space Storage Inc.'s (the "Company") internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2013, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (the COSO
criteria). Extra Space Storage Inc.'s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit.  

         We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

         A
company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and  

 124 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 dispositions
of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.  

         Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

         In
our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the COSO criteria.  

         We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013,
and 2012 and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013 of
Extra Space Storage Inc. and our report dated March 3, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  

 /s/
Ernst & Young LLP 
Salt Lake City, Utah 
March 3, 2013  

 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 


         There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during our most recent quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

   
       Item 9B.    Other Information          


         None.  

   
   
   PART III          

   
       Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance          

         Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions "Executive Officers,"
and "Information About the Board of Directors and its Committees" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within
120 days after December 31, 2013.  

         We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in compliance with rules of the SEC that applies to all of our personnel, including our board of directors, Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available free of charge on the "Investor Relations—Corporate Governance" section of
our web site at www.extraspace.com. We intend to satisfy any disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of this Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on our web site at the address and location specified above.  

         The
board of directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines and charters for our Audit Committee and Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee, each of which is posted on
our website at the address and location specified above. Investors may obtain a free copy of the Code  

 125 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 

 of
Business Conduct and Ethics, the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the committee charters by contacting the Investor Relations Department at 2795 East Cottonwood Parkway, Suite 400, Salt
Lake City, Utah 84121, Attn: Clint Halverson or by telephoning (801) 365-4600.   

   
       Item 11.    Executive Compensation          


         Information with respect to executive compensation is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption
"Executive Compensation" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31,
2013.   

   
       Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters          


         Information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is
incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions "Executive Compensation" and "Security Ownership of
Directors and Officers" in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31,
2013.   

   
       Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence          


         Information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference to the information set forth
under the captions "Information about the Board of Directors and its Committees" and "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2013.   

   
       Item 14.    Principal Accounting Fees and Services          


         Information with respect to principal accounting fees and services is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the
caption "Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A
within 120 days after December 31, 2013.  

 126 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   PART IV          


   
       Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules          

 
 (a) Documents
filed as part of this report:  
 

         (1)   and
(2). All Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules filed as part of this Annual Report on 10-K are included in Item 8—"Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on 10-K and reference is made thereto.  

         (3)   The
following documents are filed or incorporated by references as exhibits to this report:  

 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit Number  
   
 Description  
 
 
   
 2.1 
   
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 5, 2005 by and among Security Capital Self Storage Incorporated, as seller and Extra Space Storage LLC, PRISA Self Storage LLC, PRISA II Self Storage LLC, PRISA
III Self Storage LLC, VRS Self Storage LLC, WCOT Self Storage LLC and Extra Space Storage LP, as purchaser parties and The Prudential Insurance Company of America (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Form 8-K
filed on May 11, 2005). 
 
 
   
 3.1 
   
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Extra Space Storage Inc.(1) 
 
 
   
 3.2 
   
 Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated September 28, 2007 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2007). 
 
 
   
 3.3 
   
 Articles of Amendment of Extra Space Storage Inc., dated August 29, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on August 29, 2013). 
 
 
   
 3.4 
   
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Extra Space Storage Inc.(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2009) 
 
 
   
 3.5 
   
 Fourth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Extra Space Storage LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2013). 
 
 
   
 3.6 
   
 Declaration of Trust of ESS Holdings Business Trust I.(1) 
 
 
   
 3.7 
   
 Declaration of Trust of ESS Holdings Business Trust II.(1) 
 
 
   
 4.1 
   
 Junior Subordinated Indenture dated as of July 27, 2005, between Extra Space Storage LP and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of
Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2005). 
 
 
   
 4.2 
   
 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2005, among Extra Space Storage LP, as depositor and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as property trustee, Chase Bank USA, National
Association, as Delaware trustee, the Administrative Trustees named therein and the holders of undivided beneficial interest in the assets of ESS Statutory Trust III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Form 8-K filed on
August 2, 2005). 
 
 
   
 4.3 
   
 Junior Subordinated Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 4.4 
   
 Trust Preferred Security Certificates (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.4 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 4.5 
   
 Indenture, dated March 27, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee, including the form of 3.625% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2027 and form
of guarantee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2007). 
 
 
 
  
  127 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit Number  
   
 Description  
 
 
   
 4.6 
   
 Indenture, dated June 21, 2013, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of 2.375% Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2033
and form of guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2013). 
 
 
   
 10.1 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Extra Space Storage Inc. and the parties listed on Schedule I thereto.(1) 
 
 
   
 10.2 
   
 License between Centershift Inc. and Extra Space Storage LP.(1) 
 
 
   
 10.3 
   
 2004 Long-Term Compensation Incentive Plan as amended and restated effective March 25, 2008 (incorporated by reference to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 14,
2008) 
 
 
   
 10.4 
   
 Extra Space Storage Performance Bonus Plan.(1) 
 
 
   
 10.5 
   
 Form of 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Option Award Agreement for Employees with employment agreements. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of Form 10-K filed on February 26,
2010) 
 
 
   
 10.6 
   
 Form of 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Option Award Agreement for employees without employment agreements. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Form 10-K filed on February 26,
2010) 
 
 
   
 10.7 
   
 Form of 2004 Non-Employee Directors Share Plan Option Award Agreement for Directors. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 10.8 
   
 Joint Venture Agreement, dated June 1, 2004, by and between Extra Space Storage LLC and Prudential Financial, Inc.(1) 
 
 
   
 10.9 
   
 Extra Space Storage Non-Employee Directors' Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of Form 10-K/A filed on March 22, 2007). 
 
 
   
 10.10 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 20, 2005, among Extra Space Storage Inc. and the investors named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on June 24,
2005). 
 
 
   
 10.11 
   
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2005, among Extra Space Storage LP, ESS Statutory Trust III and the Purchaser named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on
August 2, 2005). 
 
 
   
 10.12 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 27, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2007). 
 
 
   
 10.13 
   
 Contribution Agreement, dated June 15, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP and various limited partnerships affiliated with AAAAA Rent-A-Space. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of
Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 10.14 
   
 Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed on June 26,
2007). 
 
 
   
 10.15 
   
 Pledge Agreement, dated June 25, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed on June 26,
2007). 
 
 
 
  
  128 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit Number  
   
 Description  
 
 
   
 10.16 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement among Extra Space Storage LP, H. James Knuppe and Barbara Knuppe. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 10.17 
   
 First Amendment to Contribution Agreement and to Agreement Regarding Transfer of Series A units among Extra Space Storage LP, various limited partnerships affiliated with AAAAA Rent-A-Space, H. James Knuppe
and Barbara Knuppe, dated September 28, 2007. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2007). 
 
 
   
 10.18 
   
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2012, between Extra Space Properties Sixty Three LLC and PRISA III Co-Investment LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.19 
   
 2004 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2007). 
 
 
   
 10.20 
   
 First Amendment to Extra Space Storage Inc. 2004 Non-Employee Directors' Share Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2007). 
 
 
   
 10.21 
   
 Loan Agreement between ESP Seven Subsidiary LLC as Borrower and General Electric Capital Corporation as Lender, dated October 16, 2007. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of Form 10-K
filed on February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 10.22 
   
 Subscription Agreement, dated December 31, 2007, among Extra Space Storage LLC and Extra Space Development, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of Form 10-K filed on
February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 10.23 
   
 Revolving Promissory Note between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as Lender, dated February 13, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of Form 10-K filed on
February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 10.24 
   
 Revolving Line of Credit between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as Lender, dated February 13, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of Form 10-K filed on
February 26, 2010) 
 
 
   
 10.25 
   
 First Loan and Note Modification Agreement between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as lender, dated April 9, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of Form 10-K
filed on February 29, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.26 
   
 Second Loan and Note Modification Agreement between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as lender, dated May 4, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of Form 10-K filed
on February 29, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.27 
   
 Third Loan and Note Modification Agreement between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as lender, dated August 27, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of Form 10-K
filed on February 29, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.28 
   
 Fourth Loan and Note Modification Agreement between Extra Space Properties Thirty LLC and Bank of America as lender, dated October 19, 2011 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of Form 10-K
filed on February 29, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.29 
   
 Extra Space Storage Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on August 31, 2011). 
 
 
 
  
  129 

 
 
 
   

 Table of Contents 
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Exhibit Number  
   
 Description  
 
 
   
 10.30 
   
 Separation and Release Agreement, dated December 7, 2011, among Extra Space Storage Inc., Extra Space Storage LP and Kent W. Christensen (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K
filed on December 9, 2011). 
 
 
   
 10.31 
   
 Retention Agreement, dated February 21, 2012, between Extra Space Storage Inc. and Karl Haas, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2012). 
 
 
   
 10.32 
   
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 21, 2013, among Extra Space Storage LP, Extra Space Storage Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2013). 
 
 
   
 21.1 
   
 Subsidiaries of the Company(2) 
 
 
   
 23.1 
   
 Consent of Ernst & Young LLP(2) 
 
 
   
 31.1 
   
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(2) 
 
 
   
 31.2 
   
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(2) 
 
 
   
 32.1 
   
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.(2) 
 
 
   
 101 
   
 The following financial information from Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2013, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2013,
2012 and 2011; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements(2). 
 
 
 


 
 
  
 
  
 (1) Incorporated
by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-115436 dated August 11, 2004).
 (2) Filed
herewith.
 (c) See
Item 15(a)(2) above.   
  
  130 

 
 
 
 

   


 




 




 




 




 




 





 


 

 

 
 Table of Contents   

   
   
   SIGNATURES          


         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Date: March 3, 2014 
   
 EXTRA SPACE STORAGE INC. 
 
 
 
  
   
   By: 
   
 /s/ SPENCER F. KIRK 


 

    Spencer F. Kirk   Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
  
          Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.  
  
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 Date: March 3, 2014 
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ SPENCER F. KIRK 


 

    Spencer F. Kirk   Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 Date: March 3, 2014 
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ P. SCOTT STUBBS 


 

    P. Scott Stubbs   Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 Date: March 3, 2014 
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ GRACE KUNDE 


 

    Grace Kunde   Senior Vice President, Accounting and Finance (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 
 Date: March 3, 2014 
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ KENNETH M. WOOLLEY 


 

    Kenneth M. Woolley   Executive Chairman 
 
 
 Date: March 3, 2014 
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ JOSEPH D. MARGOLIS 



 

    Joseph D. Margolis   Director 
 
 
 Date: March 3, 2014 
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ ROGER B. PORTER 


 

    Roger B. Porter   Director 
 
 
 Date: March 3, 2014 
   
 By: 
   
 /s/ K. FRED SKOUSEN 


 

    K. Fred Skousen   Director 
 
 
 
  
  131 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
