
 10-K
 1
 d531906d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549      
     FORM  10-K       
     (Mark One)  
 
 
 ☒ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017  
 or      
 
 
 ☐ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 Commission File Number  001-32242   
       
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
       
 


 
 
 
 


 
 DELAWARE 
   
 38-2511577 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
 Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
 30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive 
   
 
 
 Ann Arbor, Michigan 
   
 48105 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (734)
 930-3030     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each
class: 
   
   Name of each exchange on
which registered: 


 
   Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities  
 Act:    Yes  ☒    No  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the  
 Act:    Yes  ☐    No  ☒  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days:    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  (§232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files):    Yes  ☒    No  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation  S-K  (§229.405 of
this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
 10-K  or any amendment to this Form  10-K:  ☒     Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a  non-accelerated  filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large
accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 ☒ 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ☐  (do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Emerging growth company 
   
 ☐ 
    
 
   
 
   If emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐    Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Act):    Yes  ☐    No  ☒  
 The aggregate market value of the voting and  non-voting  common stock held by
 non-affiliates  of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. as of June 18, 2017 computed by reference to the closing price of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on such date was
$10,126,535,325.    As of February 13, 2018, Domino’s Pizza, Inc. had 43,018,242 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding.
   Documents incorporated by reference:  
 Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be furnished to shareholders of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders
to be held on April 24, 2018 are incorporated by reference into Part III.      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 Page No. 
   


 
 
   
 Part I 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
   
   Business 
    
   
 2 
   
 
   Item 1A. 
   
   Risk Factors 
    
   
 11 
   
 
   Item 1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 19 
   
 
   Item 2. 
   
   Properties 
    
   
 19 
   
 
   Item 3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 19 
   
 
   Item 4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 19 
   
 
   Item 4A. 
   
   Executive Officers of the Registrant 
    
   
 19 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Part II 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
   
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 20 
   
 
   Item 6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 22 
   
 
   Item 7. 
   
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 
    
   
 24 
   
 
   Item 7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 40 
   
 
   Item 8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 41 
   
 
   Item 9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
 
    
   
 75 
   
 
   Item 9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 75 
   
 
   Item 9B. 
   
   Other Information 
    
   
 75 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Part III 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 76 
   
 
   Item 11. 
   
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 79 
   
 
   Item 12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
 Matters 
    
   
 79 
   
 
   Item 13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 
    
   
 79 
   
 
   Item 14. 
   
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 79 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Part IV 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
   
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 80 
   
 
   Item 16. 
   
   Form  10-K  Summary 
    
   
 85 
   
 
 
 
 
   SIGNATURES  
    
   
 91 
   
   Throughout this document, Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ) is referred to as the “Company,”
“Domino’s”, “Domino’s Pizza” or in the first person notations of “we,” “us” and “our.”    In
this document, we rely on and refer to information regarding the U.S. quick service restaurant, or QSR, sector and the U.S. QSR pizza category from the CREST ®  report (years ending November)
prepared by The NPD Group, as well as market research reports, analyst reports and other publicly-available information. Although we believe this information to be reliable, we have not independently verified it. Domestic sales information relating
to the U.S. QSR sector and the U.S. QSR pizza category represent reported consumer spending obtained by The NPD Group’s CREST ®  report from consumer surveys. This information relates to
both our Company-owned and franchised stores.  
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part I  
   
 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business.    Overview  
 Domino’s is the largest pizza company in the world based on global retail sales, with more than 14,800 locations in over 85 markets around the world.
Founded in 1960, our roots are in convenient pizza delivery, while a significant amount of our sales also come from carryout customers. Although we are a highly-recognized global brand, we focus on serving the local neighborhoods in which we live
and do business through our large network of franchise owners and Company-owned stores. On average, we and our franchisees sell more than 2.5 million pizzas each day throughout our global system.  
 Our business model is straightforward: we handcraft and serve quality food at a competitive price, with easy ordering access and efficient service, enhanced
by our technology innovations. Our dough is generally made fresh and distributed to stores around the world by us and our franchisees.    Domino’s
generates revenues and earnings by charging royalties and fees to our franchisees. Royalties are ongoing  percent-of-sales  fees for use of the Domino’s ®  brand marks. The Company also generates revenues and earnings by selling food, equipment and supplies to franchisees primarily in the U.S. and Canada, and by operating a number of our own stores.
Franchisees profit by selling pizza and other complementary items to their local customers. In our international markets, we generally grant geographical rights to the Domino’s Pizza ® 
brand to master franchisees. These master franchisees are charged with developing their geographical area, and they may profit by  sub-franchising  and selling food and equipment to those  sub-franchisees,  as well as by running pizza stores. Everyone in the system can benefit, including the end consumer, who can feed Domino’s menu items to their family conveniently and economically.  
 Our business model can yield strong returns for our franchise owners and Company-owned stores. It can also yield significant cash flow to us, through a
consistent franchise royalty payment and supply chain revenue stream, with moderate capital expenditures. We have historically returned cash to shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases since becoming a publicly-traded
company.   Our History    We pioneered the pizza delivery
business and built Domino’s Pizza into one of the most widely-recognized consumer brands in the world. We have been delivering quality, affordable food to our customers since 1960, when brothers Thomas and James Monaghan borrowed $900 to
purchase a small pizza store in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Thomas purchased his brother’s share of the business shortly thereafter. Concentrating first on building stores near college campuses and military bases in the 1960s and 1970s, the brand grew
quickly in the 1980s in urban markets and near residential communities. We became “Domino’s Pizza” in 1965 and opened our first franchised store in 1967. The first international stores opened in 1983, in Canada and Australia.  
 Monaghan sold 93% of his economic stake in the Company in 1998 to Bain Capital, LLC, then sold and transferred his remaining stake in the Company in 2004,
when we completed our initial public offering.    Since 1998, the Company has been structured with a leveraged balance sheet and has completed a number of
recapitalization events. The Company’s most recent recapitalization transaction in 2017 (the “2017 Recapitalization”) primarily consisted of the issuance of $1.9 billion of fixed and floating rate notes and the repurchase and
retirement of $910.2 million of previously outstanding fixed rate notes. Following the 2017 Recapitalization, and including debt from its previous recapitalization in 2015 (the “2015 Recapitalization”), the Company had
$3.15 billion in total debt. Excess proceeds from both our 2015 and 2017 Recapitalizations were primarily used to repurchase shares of our common stock.  
 We  re-launched  our brand in the U.S. in late 2009 by introducing a new recipe for our core pizza product. Since 2008,
the majority of our menu has changed, either through the improvement of existing products or the introduction of new products, such as our Handmade Pan Pizza and Specialty Chicken. During this time frame, we also began expanding our focus on
technology through our development of innovative ordering platforms and other technological advancements, such as the launch of our Piece of the Pie Rewards ®  loyalty program in 2015. Globally,
we opened our 10,000 th  store in 2012 and our 14,000 th  store in 2017. In 2013, we announced a plan requiring all stores to adopt our new  carry-out  friendly “Pizza Theater” store design, which is more inviting to customers and allows them to see their orders being made fresh in front of them. The majority of our domestic and international
stores have completed these remodels as of the end of 2017.  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Industry  
 The U.S. QSR pizza category is large and fragmented. From 2007 through 2017, the U.S. QSR pizza category has grown from $32.9 billion to
$36.0 billion. It is the second-largest category within the $290.2 billion U.S. QSR sector. The U.S. QSR pizza category is primarily comprised of delivery,  dine-in  and carryout.  
 In the U.S., we compete primarily in the delivery and carryout segments of the pizza industry. We are the market share leader in the delivery segment and we
are amongst the top three chains in share in the carryout segment. Delivery segment sales of $9.8 billion in 2017 (down from $10.9 billion in 2007) account for approximately 27% of total U.S. QSR pizza. The delivery segment declined during
the period from 2007 to 2012, and has increased slightly since 2012, from $9.7 billion in 2012 to $9.8 billion in 2017. The three industry leaders, including Domino’s, account for over 56% of U.S. pizza delivery, based on reported
consumer spending, with the remaining sales going to regional chains and independent establishments. From 2007 to 2017, the carryout segment grew from $13.5 billion to $16.7 billion. The four industry leaders, including Domino’s,
account for approximately 48% of the carryout segment.    In contrast to the U.S., international pizza delivery is relatively underdeveloped, with only
Domino’s and two other competitors having a significant global presence. We believe that demand for pizza and pizza delivery is large and growing throughout the world, driven by international consumers’ increasing emphasis on convenience,
and the proven success of our 35 years of conducting business abroad.    Our Competition  
 The global pizza delivery and carryout segments are highly competitive. In the U.S., we compete against regional and local companies as well as national chains
Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and Little Caesars Pizza ® . Internationally, we
compete primarily with Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and country-specific national and local pizzerias. We generally compete on the
basis of product quality, location, image, service, technology, convenience and price. Our business and those of our competitors can be affected by changes in consumer tastes, economic conditions, demographic trends and consumers’ disposable
income. We also compete on a broader scale with other food and food delivery companies. We compete not only for customers, but also for employees, suitable real estate sites and qualified franchisees.  
 Our Customers    The Company’s business is not
dependent upon a single retail customer or small group of customers, including franchisees. No customer accounted for more than 10% of total consolidated revenues in 2017, 2016 or 2015. Our largest franchisee based on store count, Domino’s
Pizza Enterprises (DMP: ASX), operates 2,170 stores in seven international markets, and accounts for 15% of our total store count. Revenues from this master franchisee accounted for 1.5% of our consolidated revenues in 2017. Our international
business unit only requires a minimal amount of general and administrative expenses to support its markets, and does not have costs of sales. Therefore, the vast majority of these royalty revenues result in profits to us.  
 Our Menu    We offer a menu designed to present an
attractive, quality offering to customers, while keeping it simple enough to minimize order errors and expedite order-taking and food preparation. Our basic menu features pizza products with varying sizes and crust types. Our typical store also
offers oven-baked sandwiches, pasta, boneless chicken and wings, bread side items, desserts and soft drink products. International markets vary toppings by country and culture, such as squid topping in Japan or spicy cheese in India, and often
feature regional specialty items, such as a banana and cinnamon dessert pizza in Brazil.    Store Image and Operations  
 We have been focused primarily on pizza delivery for over 55 years, as well as carryout as a significant component of our business. In 2012, we introduced our
carryout-friendly Pizza Theater store design; the majority of our domestic and international stores have converted to this design as of the end of 2017. Many stores offer casual seating and enable customers to watch the preparation of their orders,
but do not offer a full-service  dine-in  experience. As a result, our stores generally do not require expensive restaurant facilities and staffing.  
 Research and Development    We conduct research and
product development at our World Resource Center (our corporate headquarters) in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Company-sponsored research and development activities, which include testing new products for possible menu additions, are an important activity
for us and our franchisees. We do not consider the amounts spent on research and development to be material.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Business Segments  
 We operate, and report, three business segments: domestic stores, international franchise and supply chain.  
 Domestic Stores    Our domestic stores segment consists
primarily of our franchise operations, which consist of 5,195 franchised stores located in the contiguous United States. We also operate a network of 392 domestic Company-owned stores located in the contiguous United States.  
 During 2017, our domestic stores segment accounted for $842.2 million, or over 30% of our consolidated revenues. We use our Company-owned stores as test
sites for new products and promotions as well as operational improvements. We also use them for training new store managers and operations team members, as well as developing prospective franchisees. While we are primarily a franchised business, we
continuously evaluate our mix of domestic Company-owned and franchise stores.    We maintain a productive relationship with our independent franchise owners
through regional franchise teams, distributing materials that help franchise stores comply with our standards and using franchise advisory groups that facilitate communications between us and our franchisees.  
 Domestic Franchise Profile    As of
December 31, 2017, our network of 5,195 domestic franchise stores were owned and operated by 789 independent domestic franchisees. Our franchise formula enables franchisees to benefit from our brand name with a relatively low initial capital
investment. As of December 31, 2017, the average domestic franchisee owned and operated seven stores and had been in our franchise system for over 18 years. At the same time, 14 of our domestic franchisees operated more than 50 stores
(including our largest domestic franchisee who operated 187 stores) and 271 of our domestic franchisees each operated one store.    We apply rigorous
standards to prospective domestic franchisees. We generally require them to manage a store for at least one year before being granted a franchise. This enables us to observe the operational and financial performance of a potential franchisee prior
to entering into a long-term contract. Significantly all of our 789 independent domestic franchise owners started their careers with us as delivery drivers or in other  in-store  positions, which we believe
offers advantages in terms of familiarity with our business and store operations. In addition, we generally restrict the ability of domestic franchisees to be involved in other businesses, which we believe helps focus our franchisees’ attention
on operating their stores. We believe these characteristics and standards are largely unique within the franchise industry and have resulted in qualified and focused franchisees operating Domino’s stores.  
 Domestic Franchise Agreements    We enter into
franchise agreements with domestic franchisees under which the franchisee is generally granted the right to operate a store in a particular location for a term of ten years, with an ability to renew for an additional term of ten years. We have a
franchise contract renewal rate of approximately 99%. Under the current standard franchise agreement, we assign an exclusive area of primary responsibility to each franchised store. Each franchisee is generally required to pay a 5.5% royalty fee on
sales. In certain instances, we will collect lower rates based on area development agreements, sales initiatives and new store incentives.    Our domestic
stores currently contribute 6% of their sales to fund national marketing and advertising campaigns (subject, in limited instances, to lower rates based on certain incentives and waivers). These funds are administered by Domino’s National
Advertising Fund Inc. (“DNAF”), our  not-for-profit  advertising subsidiary. The funds are primarily used to purchase media for advertising, but also support
market research, field communications, public relations, commercial production, talent payments and other activities to promote the brand. In addition to the national and market-level advertising contributions, domestic stores spend additional funds
on local store marketing activities.    We have the contractual right, subject to state law, to terminate a franchise agreement for a variety of reasons,
including, but not limited to, a franchisee’s failure to adhere to the Company’s franchise agreement, failure to make required payments, or failure to adhere to specified Company policies and standards.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  International Franchise  
 Our international franchise segment is comprised of a network of franchised stores in more than 85 international markets. At December 31, 2017, we had
9,269 international franchise stores. During 2017, this segment accounted for $206.7 million, or over 7% of our consolidated revenues. The principal sources of revenues from those operations are royalty payments generated by retail sales from
franchised stores.    Our international franchisees employ our basic standard operating model, and adapt it to satisfy the local eating habits and consumer
preferences of various regions outside the United States. Currently, the vast majority of our international stores operate under master franchise agreements.  
 We believe Domino’s appeals to potential international franchisees because of our recognized brand name and technological leadership, the moderate
capital expenditures required to open and operate our stores and our system’s favorable store economics. Our top five international markets in terms of store count are master franchise companies, which are publicly traded on stock exchanges in
Australia (DMP:ASX), India (JUBLFOOD: NS), Mexico (ALSEA: MX), Turkey (DPEU: L) and the United Kingdom (DOM: L). The following table shows our store count as of December 31, 2017 in our top ten international markets, which accounted for
approximately 66% of our international stores as of December 31, 2017.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Market 
    
 Number of stores 
   


 
   India 
    
   
 1,126 
   
 
   United Kingdom 
    
   
 1,042 
   
 
   Mexico 
    
   
 701 
   
 
   Australia 
    
   
 670 
   
 
   Turkey 
    
   
 508 
   
 
   Japan 
    
   
 503 
   
 
   Canada 
    
   
 472 
   
 
   South Korea 
    
   
 444 
   
 
   France 
    
   
 370 
   
 
   Netherlands 
    
   
 242 
   
   International Franchisee Profile  
 The vast majority of our markets outside of the contiguous United States are operated by master franchisees with franchise and distribution rights for entire
regions or countries. In a few select markets, we franchise directly to individual store operators. Prospective master franchisees are required to possess local market knowledge to establish and develop Domino’s Pizza stores, with the ability
to identify and access targeted real estate sites, as well as expertise in local laws, customs, culture and consumer behavior. We also seek candidates that have access to sufficient capital to meet growth and development plans.  
 Master Franchise Agreements    Our master franchise
agreements generally grant the franchisee exclusive rights to develop and  sub-franchise  stores and the right to operate supply chain centers in particular geographic areas. Agreements are generally for a term
of ten to 20 years, with options to renew for additional terms. The agreements typically contain growth clauses requiring franchisees to open a minimum number of stores within a specified period. The master franchisee is generally required to pay an
initial,  one-time  franchise fee as well as an additional franchise fee upon the opening of each new store. The master franchisee is also required to pay a continuing royalty fee as a percentage of sales, which
varies among international markets, and averaged approximately 3.0% in 2017.    Supply Chain  
 Our supply chain segment operates 18 regional dough manufacturing and food supply chain centers in the U.S., one thin crust manufacturing center, one vegetable
processing center and one center providing equipment and supplies to certain of our domestic and international stores. An additional regional dough manufacturing and food supply chain center is expected to open in fiscal 2018. We also operate five
dough manufacturing and food supply chain centers in Canada. Our supply chain segment leases a fleet of more than 600 tractors and trailers. During 2017, our supply chain segment accounted for $1.74 billion, or nearly 63% of our consolidated
revenues.    Our centers produce fresh dough and purchase, receive, store and deliver quality food and other complementary items to over 99% of our U.S. and
Canadian franchised stores and all of our Company-owned stores. We regularly supply over 6,000 stores with various food and supplies. Our supply chain segment made approximately 699,000 full-service deliveries in 2017 or approximately two deliveries
per store per week, and we produced over 525 million pounds of dough during 2017.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We believe our franchisees voluntarily choose to obtain food, supplies and equipment from us because we offer the
most efficient, convenient and cost-effective alternative, while also offering both quality and consistency. Our supply chain segment offers profit-sharing arrangements to franchisees who purchase all of their food for their stores from our centers.
These profit-sharing arrangements generally offer participating franchisees and Company-owned stores with 50% (or a higher percentage in the case of Company-owned stores and certain franchisees who operate a larger number of stores) of their
regional supply chain center’s  pre-tax  profits. We believe these arrangements strengthen our ties and provide aligned benefits with franchisees.  
 Third-Party Suppliers    Over half of our annual
food spend is with suppliers where we have maintained a partnership of at least 20 years. Our supply partners are required to meet strict quality standards to ensure food safety. We review and evaluate these partners’ quality assurance programs
through (among other actions)  on-site  visits, third-party audits and product evaluations to ensure compliance with our standards. We believe the length and quality of our relationships with third-party
suppliers provides us with priority service and quality products at competitive prices.    Cheese is our largest food cost. The price we charge to our
domestic franchisees for cheese is based on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange cheddar block price, plus a supply chain markup. As cheese prices fluctuate, our revenues and margin percentages in our supply chain segment also fluctuate; however, actual
supply chain dollar margins remain unchanged. We currently purchase our domestic pizza cheese from a single supplier. Under the September 2017 agreement, our domestic supplier agreed to provide an uninterrupted supply of cheese and the Company
agreed to a seven-year pricing schedule to purchase all of its domestic pizza cheese from this supplier. While we expect to meet the terms of this agreement, if we do not, we will be required to repay the certain negotiated cost savings as outlined
in the agreement. The majority of our meat toppings in the U.S. come from a single supplier under an extension of a previous agreement. We are currently in negotiations for a longer-term contract that would extend through June 2022. We have the
right to terminate these arrangements for quality failures and for uncured breaches.    We are party to a multi-year agreement with Coca-Cola ®  for the contiguous United States. This contract, renegotiated in December 2013, provides for Coca-Cola to continue to be our exclusive beverage supplier and expires on December 31, 2018 or
at such time as a minimum number of cases of Coca-Cola products are purchased by us, whichever occurs later.    We believe alternative third-party
suppliers are available for all of these referenced products. While we may incur additional costs if we are required to replace any of our supply partners, we do not believe such additional costs would have a material adverse effect on our business.
We continually evaluate each supply category to determine the optimal sourcing strategy.    We have not experienced any significant shortages of supplies or
delays in receiving our inventories or products. Prices charged to us by our supply partners are subject to fluctuation, and we have historically been able to pass increased costs and savings on to stores. We periodically enter into supplier
contracts to manage the risk from changes in commodity prices. We do not engage in speculative transactions, nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes.  
 Our Strengths    Strong Brand Equity  
 We are the largest pizza company in the world based on global retail sales. We believe our Domino’s Pizza brand is one of the most widely-recognized
consumer brands in the world. We are the recognized world leader in pizza delivery and have a significant business in carryout. We believe consumers associate our brand with the timely delivery of quality, affordable food.  
 Over the past five years, our U.S. franchise and Company-owned stores have invested an estimated $1.8 billion in national,
 co-operative  and local advertising. Our international franchisees also invest significant amounts in advertising efforts in their markets. We continue to reinforce our brand with extensive advertising through
various media channels. We have also enhanced the strength of our brand through marketing affiliations with brands such as Coca-Cola.    We are the number
one pizza delivery company in the United States with a 29.0% share of pizza delivery based on reported consumer spending. With 5,587 stores located in the contiguous United States, our store delivery areas cover a majority of U.S. households. Our
share position and scale allow us to leverage our purchasing power, supply chain strength and marketing investments. We believe our scale and market coverage allow us to effectively serve our customers’ demands for convenience and timely
delivery. Outside the U.S., we have significant market share positions in many of the markets in which we compete.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Strong and Proven Business Model  
 Our business model is comprised of domestic and international franchise royalties and fees, revenue from supply chain and revenue from retail sales at
Company-owned stores. We have developed this model over our many years of operation and it is anchored by strong store-level economics, which provide an entrepreneurial incentive for our franchisees and historically has generated demand for new
stores. Our franchise system, in turn, has produced strong and consistent earnings for us through royalty payments and through supply chain revenues, with moderate capital expenditures by us.  
 We developed a cost-efficient store model, characterized by a delivery- and carryout-oriented store design, with moderate capital requirements and a menu of
quality, affordable items. At the store level, we believe the simplicity and efficiency of our operations give us significant advantages over our competitors, who, in many cases, also focus on  dine-in  or have
broader menu offerings. At the supply chain level, we believe we provide quality and consistency for our franchise customers while also driving profits for us, which we share with our franchisees.  
 Our menu simplifies and streamlines production and delivery processes and maximizes economies of scale on purchases of our principal food items. In addition,
our stores are generally smaller and less expensive to build, furnish and maintain as compared to many other restaurant concepts. New stores built in our Pizza Theater design may be slightly larger than stores we have built in the past to create a
better experience for our carryout and  dine-in  customers; however, they are still generally smaller and less expensive than many other restaurant concepts. The combination of this efficient store model and
strong sales volume has resulted in strong store-level financial returns and, we believe, makes Domino’s Pizza an attractive business opportunity for existing and prospective franchisees around the world.  
 We believe our store economics have led to a strong, well-diversified franchise system. This established franchise system has produced strong cash flow and
earnings for us, enabling us to invest in the Domino’s Pizza brand, stores, technology and supply chain centers, pay significant dividends, repurchase and retire shares of our common stock and service our debt obligations.  
 Technological Innovation    Technological innovation is
vital to our brand and our long-term success. Digital ordering is critical to competing in the global pizza industry. In 2017, more than half of all global retail sales were derived from digital channels, primarily through our online ordering
website and mobile applications. We believe we are among the largest  e-commerce  retailers in terms of annual transactions. After launching digital ordering domestically in 2008, we made the strategic decision
in 2010 to develop our own online ordering platform and to manage this important and growing area of our business internally. Over the next five years, we launched mobile applications that cover 95% of the smartphones and tablets on the U.S. market.
In 2013, we launched an enhanced online ordering profiles platform, allowing customers the ability to reorder their favorite order in as few as five clicks, or 30 seconds. In 2014, we introduced “Dom,” a voice ordering application, which
we believe is the first in the restaurant industry, and we also made the Domino’s Tracker ®  available on our ordering platforms. In 2015, we introduced several innovative ordering
platforms including Samsung Smart TV ® , Twitter, and text message using a pizza emoji. We continued this trend of innovation in 2016 with the introduction of
 zero-click  ordering as well as adding Google Home, Facebook Messenger, Apple Watch, and Amazon Echo to our ordering platforms. In 2017, as part of an industry-first collaboration with Ford Motor Company,
Domino’s began a meaningful test of delivery using self-driving vehicles.    During 2015, the Company also launched its Piece of the Pie Rewards
loyalty program, which is meant to reward customers with a program that is simple to understand and easy to use. Upon signing up for the program, customers become rewards members and can earn points for online orders. When rewards members reach a
certain amount of points, they can redeem their points for free pizza. Rewards members may also receive exclusive members-only discounts and bonus offers. We may also occasionally provide additional opportunities for participating customers to
benefit under the Piece of the Pie Rewards program.    All of this improved functionality has been developed to work seamlessly with our Domino’s PULSE ™   point-of-sale  system. Our Domino’s PULSE system is designed to drive operating efficiencies for our
franchisees and our corporate management and assist franchisees in independently managing their business. We have installed Domino’s PULSE in every Company-owned store in the U.S., in more than 99% of our domestic franchised stores and in over
71% of our international stores.    We believe utilizing Domino’s PULSE with our integrated technology solutions throughout our system, provides us
with competitive advantages over other concepts.   We intend to continue to enhance and grow our online ordering, digital marketing and technological capabilities.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Product Innovation  
 In late 2009, we reintroduced our core pizza in the U.S. with a new recipe, which we believe has contributed to continued growth in customer reorder rate,
consumer traffic and increased sales. This recipe is now in use in the vast majority of markets around the world. Our more than 55 years of innovation have resulted in numerous new product developments, including our more recent innovations of
Handmade Pan Pizza, Specialty Chicken, Parmesan Bread Bites, Stuffed Cheesy Bread, Marbled Cookie Brownie and Bread Twists, among others. Product innovation is also present in our global markets, where our master franchisees have the ability to
recommend products to suit their local market tastes. Products include the Mayo Jaga in Japan (bacon, potatoes and sweet mayonnaise) and the Saumoneta in France (light cream, potatoes, onions, smoked salmon and dill).  
 Internal Dough Manufacturing and Supply Chain System    In
addition to generating significant revenues and earnings in the United States and Canada, we believe our vertically integrated dough manufacturing and supply chain system enhances the quality and consistency of our products, enhances our
relationships with franchisees and leverages economies of scale to offer lower costs to our stores. It also allows store managers to better focus on store operations and customer service by relieving them of the responsibility of mixing dough in the
stores and sourcing other ingredients. Many of our international master franchisees also profit from running supply chain businesses.    Our Ideals
   We believe in: opportunity, hard work, inspired solutions, winning together, embracing community and uncommon honesty.  
 Opportunity abounds at Domino’s. You can start in an entry-level position and become a store owner – in fact, significantly all of our independent
domestic franchise owners started their careers with us as delivery drivers or in other  in-store  positions. Thousands of other team members – supervisors, trainers, quality auditors, international
business consultants, marketers and executives – also began their careers in the stores. Internal growth and providing opportunities for anyone willing to work hard is the foundation of our core beliefs.  
 The ideals of inspired solutions, uncommon honesty and winning together were driving forces behind the relaunch of our brand. We were inspired by our harshest
critics when it came to the perceived taste of our pizza. Our solution was not simply more advertising; the solution was to create a new recipe and a broader menu of great-tasting products. Our marketing campaign was shockingly honest in its
approach: telling consumers (and showing them via television ads) that we heard their negative feedback and were listening. And, without the  buy-in  from our franchise owners, we couldn’t have done it. We
believe that we can’t focus solely on the Company’s success; we must focus on making our stores and our franchisees successful. That’s winning together.  
 Community Involvement    We believe in supporting the
communities we serve through donating our time, money and pizza. You can find more information about our community giving at  biz.dominos.com . Here are two organizations worthy of note:  
 Our national philanthropic partner is St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital ® . St. Jude is
internationally-recognized for its pioneering work in finding cures and saving children with cancer and other catastrophic diseases. Through a variety of internal and consumer-based activities, including a national fundraising campaign
called  St. Jude Thanks and Giving ® , the Domino’s system has contributed more than $47.0 million to St. Jude since our partnership began in 2004, including raising
$8.9 million in 2017. In addition to raising funds, we have supported St. Jude through  in-kind  donations, including hosting hospital-wide pizza parties for patients and their families. Our system also
helps St. Jude build awareness through the inclusion of the St. Jude logo on millions of our pizza boxes and through a link on our consumer website, as well as a St. Jude-themed Pizza Tracker during  Thanks and Giving ® .     We also support the Domino’s Pizza Partners Foundation (“the Partners
Foundation”). Founded in 1986, the mission of the Partners Foundation is “Team Members Helping Team Members.” Primarily funded by team member and franchise contributions, the foundation is a separate,  not-for-profit  organization that has disbursed more than $5.9 million over the past five years. The Partners Foundation is committed to meeting the needs of Domino’s team members facing crisis
situations, such as fire, illness, natural disasters or other personal tragedies, including meaningful financial support for hurricane victims and their families in 2017.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Additional Disclosures  
 Employees    As of December 31, 2017, we had
approximately 14,100 employees in our Company-owned stores, supply chain centers, World Resource Center and regional offices. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. As franchisees are
independent business owners, they and their employees are not included in our employee count. We consider our relationship with our employees and franchisees to be good. We estimate the total number of people who work in the Domino’s system,
including our employees, franchisees and the employees of franchisees, was more than 310,000 as of December 31, 2017.    Working Capital  
 Information about the Company’s working capital is included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
in Part II, Item 7., pages 32 through 36.    Government Regulation  
 We, along with our franchisees, are subject to various federal, state and local laws affecting the operation of our business. Each store is subject to
licensing and regulation by a number of governmental authorities, which include zoning, health, safety, sanitation, building and fire agencies in the jurisdiction in which the store is located. In connection with maintaining our stores, we may be
required to expend funds to meet certain federal, state and local regulations, including regulations requiring that remodeled or altered stores be accessible to persons with disabilities. Difficulties in obtaining, or the failure to obtain, required
licenses or approvals could delay or prevent the opening of a new store in a particular area or cause an existing store to cease operations. Our supply chain facilities are also licensed and subject to similar regulations by federal, state and local
health and fire codes.    We are also subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act and various other federal and state laws governing such matters as minimum
wage requirements, overtime and other working conditions and citizenship requirements. A significant number of both our and our franchisees’ food service personnel are paid at rates related to the applicable minimum wage, and past increases in
the minimum wage have increased labor costs, as would future increases.    We are subject to the rules and regulations of the Federal Trade Commission and
various state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises. The Federal Trade Commission and various state laws require that we furnish a franchise disclosure document containing certain information to prospective franchisees, and a number of
states require registration of the franchise disclosure document with state authorities. We are operating under exemptions from registration in several states based on the net worth of our subsidiary, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, and
experience. We believe our franchise disclosure document, together with any applicable state versions or supplements, and franchising procedures comply in all material respects with both the Federal Trade Commission guidelines and all applicable
state laws regulating franchising in those states in which we have offered franchises.    Internationally, our franchise stores are subject to national and
local laws and regulations that are often similar to those affecting our domestic stores, including laws and regulations concerning franchises, labor, health, sanitation and safety. Our international stores are also often subject to tariffs and
regulations on imported commodities and equipment, and laws regulating foreign investment. We believe our international disclosure statements, franchise offering documents and franchising procedures comply in all material respects with the laws of
the foreign countries in which we have offered franchises.    Privacy and Data Protection  
 We are subject to a number of privacy and data protection laws and regulations globally. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data
protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increase in attention given to privacy and data protection issues with the potential to directly affect our business. This includes recently-enacted laws and regulations in the United States and
internationally requiring notification to individuals and government authorities of security breaches involving certain categories of personal information. We have a privacy policy posted on our website at  www.dominos.com  and
believe that we are in material compliance therewith.    Trademarks  
 We have many registered trademarks and service marks and believe that the Domino’s mark and Domino’s Pizza names and logos, in particular,
have significant value and are important to our business. Our policy is to pursue registration of our trademarks and to vigorously oppose the infringement of any of our trademarks. We license the use of our registered marks to franchisees through
franchise agreements.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Environmental Matters  
 We are not aware of any federal, state or local environmental laws or regulations that we would expect to materially affect our earnings or competitive
position, or result in material capital expenditures. However, we cannot predict the effect of possible future environmental legislation or regulations. During 2017, there were no material environmental compliance-related capital expenditures, and
no such material expenditures are anticipated in 2018.    Seasonal Operations  
 The Company’s business is not typically seasonal.  
 Backlog Orders    The Company has no backlog orders as of
December 31, 2017.    Government Contracts    No
material portion of the Company’s business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the election of the United States government.  
 Financial Information about Business Segments and Geographic Areas  
 Financial information about international and United States markets and business segments is incorporated herein by reference to Selected Financial Data,
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related footnotes in Part II, Item 6., pages 22 through 23, Item 7. and 7A., pages 24 through 40 and
Item 8., pages 41 through 74, respectively, of this Form  10-K.     Available Information  
 The Company makes available, free of charge, through its internet website  biz.dominos.com , its annual report on Form
 10-K,  quarterly reports on Form  10-Q,  current reports on Form  8-K,  proxy statements and amendments to those reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), 15(d), or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read and copy
any materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference
Room by calling the Securities and Exchange Commission at  1-800-SEC-0330.  This information is also available
at  www.sec.gov . The reference to these website addresses does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites and information appearing on those websites, including  biz.dominos.com ,
should not be considered a part of this document.  
      10  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors.    The quick service restaurant pizza category is highly competitive and such
competition could adversely affect our operating results.    In the U.S., we compete against regional and local companies as well as national chains
Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and Little Caesars Pizza ® . Internationally, we
compete primarily with Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and country-specific national and local pizzerias. We could experience increased
competition from existing or new companies in the pizza category which could create increasing pressures to grow our business in order to maintain our market share. If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward
pressure on prices, lower demand for our products, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and the loss of market share, all of which would have an adverse effect on our operating results and could cause our
stock price to decline.    We also compete on a broader scale with quick service and other international, national, regional and local restaurants.
Competition from delivery aggregators and other food delivery services has also increased in recent years. The overall food service market and the quick service restaurant sector are intensely competitive with respect to food quality, price,
service, image, convenience and concept, and are often affected by changes in:      
 
 
 • 
   
 consumer tastes;      
 
 
 • 
   
 international, national, regional or local economic conditions;      
 
 
 • 
   
 disposable purchasing power;      
 
 
 • 
   
 demographic trends; and      
 
 
 • 
   
 currency fluctuations related to international operations.    We compete within the food service market and the
quick service restaurant sector not only for customers, but also for management and hourly employees, including drivers, suitable real estate sites and qualified franchisees. Our supply chain segment is also subject to competition from outside
suppliers. While all domestic franchisees purchased food, equipment and supplies from us in 2017, domestic franchisees are not required to purchase food, equipment or supplies from us and they may choose to purchase from outside suppliers. If other
suppliers who meet our qualification standards were to offer lower prices or better service to our franchisees for their ingredients and supplies and, as a result, our franchisees chose not to purchase from our domestic supply chain centers, our
financial condition, business and results of operations would be adversely affected.    If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy,
which includes opening new domestic and international stores, our ability to increase our revenues and operating profits could be adversely affected.  
 A significant component of our growth strategy includes the opening of new domestic and international stores. We and our franchisees face many challenges in
opening new stores, including, among others:      
 
 
 • 
   
 availability of financing with acceptable terms;      
 
 
 • 
   
 selection and availability of suitable new store sites and the ability to renew leases in quality locations;      
 
 
 • 
   
 negotiation of acceptable lease or financing terms;      
 
 
 • 
   
 securing required domestic or foreign governmental permits, licenses and approvals;      
 
 
 • 
   
 employment and training of qualified personnel; and      
 
 
 • 
   
 general economic and business conditions.    The opening of additional franchise stores also depends, in part,
upon the availability of prospective franchisees who meet our criteria. Our failure to add a significant number of new stores would adversely affect our ability to increase revenues and operating income. Additionally, our growth strategy and the
success of new stores depend in large part on the availability of suitable store sites. If we and our franchisees are not able to secure leases in desired locations on favorable terms, or to renew such leases, our business and results of operations
may be adversely affected.    We and our franchisees are currently planning to expand our domestic and international operations in many of the markets where
we currently operate and in select new markets. This may require considerable management time as well as  start-up  expenses for market development before any significant revenues and earnings are generated.
Operations in new foreign markets may achieve low margins or may be unprofitable, and expansion in existing markets may be affected by local economic and market conditions. Therefore, as we expand internationally, we or our franchisees may not
experience the operating margins we expect, our results of operations may be negatively impacted and our common stock price may decline.    We may also
pursue strategic acquisitions as part of our business. If we are able to identify acquisition candidates, such acquisitions may be financed, to the extent permitted under our debt agreements, with substantial debt or with potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities.  
      11  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The food service market is affected by consumer preferences and perceptions. Changes in these preferences
and perceptions may reduce the demand for our products, which would reduce sales and harm our business.    Food service businesses are affected by
changes in consumer tastes, international, national, regional and local economic conditions, and demographic trends. For instance, if prevailing health or dietary preferences cause consumers to avoid pizza and other products we offer in favor of
foods that are perceived as healthier, our business and operating results would be harmed. Moreover, because we are primarily dependent on a single product, if consumer demand for pizza should decrease, our business would suffer more than if we had
a more diversified menu, as many other food service businesses do. The preferences of customers also may change as a result of advances in technology or alternative delivery methods or channels. If we are not able to respond to these changes, or our
competitors respond to these changes more effectively, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.    Reports of food-borne
illness or food tampering could reduce sales and harm our business.    Reports, whether true or not, of food-borne illnesses (such as E. coli, avian
flu, bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella) and injuries caused by food tampering have in the past severely injured the reputations of participants in the QSR sector and could in the future as well. The potential
for acts of terrorism on our global food supply also exists and, if such an event occurs, it could have a negative impact on us and could severely hurt sales and profits. In addition, our reputation is an important asset; as a result, anything that
damages our reputation could immediately and severely affect our sales and profits. Media reports of illnesses and injuries, whether accurate or not, could force some stores to close or otherwise reduce sales at such stores. In addition, reports of
food-borne illnesses or food tampering, even those occurring solely at the restaurants of competitors, could, by resulting in negative publicity about the restaurant industry, adversely affect us on a local, regional, national or international
basis.    Increases in food, labor and other costs could adversely affect our profitability and operating results.  
 An increase in our operating costs could adversely affect our profitability. Factors such as inflation, increased food costs, increased labor and employee
health and benefit costs, increased rent costs and increased energy costs may adversely affect our operating costs. Most of the factors affecting costs are beyond our control and, in many cases, we may not be able to pass along these increased costs
to our customers or franchisees. Most ingredients used in our pizza, particularly cheese, are subject to significant price fluctuations as a result of seasonality, weather, demand and other factors. Cheese is a significant cost to us, representing
approximately  20-25%  of the market basket purchased by our Company-owned stores. Labor costs are largely a function of the minimum wage for a majority of our store personnel and certain supply chain center
personnel and, generally, are also a function of the availability of labor. Several states in which we operate have recently approved minimum wage increases. As minimum wage increases are implemented in these states or if such increases are approved
and implemented in other states in which we operate, we expect our labor costs will increase. Labor costs and food costs, including cheese, represent approximately 50% to 60% of the sales at a typical Company-owned store.  
 We do not have long-term contracts with certain of our suppliers, and as a result they could seek to significantly increase prices or fail to deliver.
   We do not have long-term contracts or arrangements with certain of our suppliers. Although in the past we have not experienced significant
problems with our suppliers, our suppliers may implement significant price increases or may not meet our requirements in a timely fashion, or at all. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations.    Shortages or interruptions in the supply or delivery of fresh food products could adversely affect our operating results.  
 We and our franchisees are dependent on frequent deliveries of food products that meet our specifications. In addition, we have single suppliers or a limited
number of suppliers for certain of our ingredients, including pizza cheese. While we believe there are adequate reserve quantities and potential alternative suppliers, shortages or interruptions in the supply of food products caused by increased
demand, capacity constraints, problems in production or distribution, financial or other difficulties of suppliers, inclement weather or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients, could adversely
affect our operating results.    Any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of our dough manufacturing and supply chain centers could harm our
business.    We operate 18 regional dough manufacturing and supply chain centers, one thin crust manufacturing center and one vegetable processing
center in the United States and five dough manufacturing and supply chain centers in Canada. An additional regional dough manufacturing and food supply chain center is expected to open in fiscal 2018.  
      12  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our domestic dough manufacturing and supply chain centers service all of our Company-owned and domestic franchise
stores. As a result, any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of these facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties, destruction or damage to the facility, real estate issues, limited capacity or other reasons, could adversely
affect our business and operating results.    Our success depends in part upon effective advertising, and lower advertising funds may reduce our
ability to adequately market the Domino’s Pizza brand.    We have been routinely named a Leading National Advertiser by  Advertising Age .
Each Domino’s store located in the contiguous United States is obligated to pay a percentage of its sales in advertising fees. In fiscal 2017, each store in the contiguous United States generally was required to contribute 6% of their sales to
DNAF (subject, in limited instances, to lower rates based on certain incentives and waivers), which uses such fees for national advertising in addition to contributions for local market-level advertising. We currently anticipate that this 6%
contribution rate will remain in place for the foreseeable future. While additional funds for advertising in the past have been provided by us, our franchisees and other third parties, none of these additional funds are legally required. The lack of
continued financial support for advertising activities could significantly curtail our marketing efforts, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business and our operating results.  
 We face risks of litigation and negative publicity from customers, franchisees, suppliers, employees and others in the ordinary course of business,
which can or could divert our financial and management resources. Any adverse litigation or publicity may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.  
 Claims of illness or injury relating to food quality or food handling are common in the food service industry, and vehicular accidents and injuries occur in
the food delivery business. Claims within our industry of improper supplier actions also occasionally arise that, if made against one of our suppliers, could potentially damage our brand image. In addition, class action lawsuits have been filed, and
may continue to be filed, against various quick service restaurants alleging, among other things, that quick service restaurants have failed to disclose the health risks associated with  high-fat  foods and that
quick service restaurant marketing practices have encouraged obesity. In addition to decreasing our sales and profitability and diverting our management resources, adverse publicity or a substantial judgment against us could negatively impact our
financial condition, results of operations and brand reputation, thereby hindering our ability to attract and retain franchisees and grow our business.  
 Further, we may be subject to employee, franchisee and other claims in the future based on, among other things, discrimination, harassment, wrongful
termination and wage, rest break and meal break issues, and those claims relating to overtime compensation. We are currently subject to these types of claims and have been subject to these types of claims in the past. If one or more of these claims
were to be successful or if there is a significant increase in the number of these claims or if we receive significant negative publicity, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.  
 Loss of key employees or our inability to attract and retain new qualified employees could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow
successfully.    Our success in the highly competitive pizza delivery and  carry-out  business will continue to
depend to a significant extent on our leadership team and other key management personnel. Although we have entered into employment agreements with Richard E. Allison Jr., and Russell J. Weiner, each of these executives may terminate his agreement on
ninety days’ notice. Our other executive officers may terminate their employment pursuant to their employment agreements at any time. As a result, we may not be able to retain our executive officers and key personnel or attract additional
qualified management. While we do not have long-term employment agreements with our executive officers, for all of our executive officers we have  non-compete  and
 non-solicitation  agreements that extend for 24 months following the termination of such executive officer’s employment. Our success will also continue to depend on our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel to operate our stores, dough manufacturing and supply chain centers and international operations. The loss of these employees or our inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our
operating results.    Adverse global economic conditions subject us to additional risk. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are impacted by global markets and economic conditions over which neither we nor our franchisees have
control. An economic downturn, including deterioration in the economic conditions in the U.S. or international markets where we compete, may result in a reduction in the demand for our products, longer payment cycles, slower adoption of new
technologies and increased price competition.   Poor economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our franchisees to pay royalties or amounts
owed, and could have a material adverse impact on our ability to pursue our growth strategy, which would reduce cash collections and in turn, may materially and adversely affect our ability to service our debt obligations.  
      13  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our international operations subject us to additional risk. Such risks and costs may differ in each country
in which we and our franchisees do business and may cause our profitability to decline due to increased costs.    We conduct a significant and
growing portion of our business outside the United States. Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if global markets in which our franchise stores compete are affected by changes in political, economic or other
factors. These factors, over which neither we nor our franchisees have control, may include:      
 
 
 • 
   
 recessionary or expansive trends in international markets;      
 
 
 • 
   
 changing labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing our foreign operations;      
 
 
 • 
   
 increases in the taxes we pay and other changes in applicable tax laws;      
 
 
 • 
   
 legal and regulatory changes, and the burdens and costs of our compliance with a variety of foreign laws;      
 
 
 • 
   
 changes in inflation rates;      
 
 
 • 
   
 changes in exchange rates and the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds;      
 
 
 • 
   
 difficulty in collecting our royalties and longer payment cycles;      
 
 
 • 
   
 expropriation of private enterprises;      
 
 
 • 
   
 increases in anti-American sentiment and the identification of the Domino’s Pizza   brand as an American brand;  
   
 
 
 • 
   
 political and economic instability and uncertainty around the world, including uncertainty arising as a result of the United Kingdom’s referendum in June 2016 in which voters approved an exit from the European
Union, commonly referred to as “Brexit”; and     
 
 
 • 
   
 other external factors.    Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to other currencies
may lead to lower revenues and earnings.    Exchange rate fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Approximately 7.4%
of our total revenues in 2017, 7.2% of our total revenues in 2016 and 7.4% of our total revenues in 2015 were derived from our international franchise segment, a majority of which were denominated in foreign currencies. We also operate dough
manufacturing and distribution facilities in Canada, which generate revenues denominated in Canadian dollars. Sales made by franchise stores outside the United States are denominated in the currency of the country in which the store is located, and
this currency could become less valuable in U.S. dollars as a result of exchange rate fluctuations. Unfavorable currency fluctuations could lead to increased prices to customers outside the United States or lower profitability to our franchisees
outside the United States, or could result in lower revenues for us, on a U.S. dollar basis, from such customers and franchisees. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the foreign currency rates in our international markets would have resulted in a
negative impact on international royalty revenues of approximately $17.9 million in 2017.    We may not be able to adequately protect our
intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and branded products and adversely affect our business.    We depend in large part on
our brand and branded products and believe that they are very important to our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, service marks, trade secrets and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded
products. The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both domestic and international markets. We have
registered certain trademarks and have other trademark registrations pending in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Not all of the trademarks that we currently use have been registered in all of the countries in which we do business, and
they may never be registered in all of these countries. We may not be able to adequately protect our trademarks and our use of these trademarks may result in liability for trademark infringement, trademark dilution or unfair competition. All of the
steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the United States and in foreign countries may not be adequate. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of
the United States. Further, through acquisitions of third parties, we may acquire brands and related trademarks that are subject to the same risks as the brands and trademarks we currently own.  
 We may, from time to time, be required to institute or defend litigation to enforce our trademarks or other intellectual property rights, or to protect our
trade secrets. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our sales, profitability and prospects regardless of whether we are able to successfully enforce our rights.  
      14  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our earnings and business growth strategy depends on the success of our franchisees, and we may be harmed
by actions taken by our franchisees, or employees of our franchisees, that are outside of our control.    A significant portion of our earnings comes
from royalties and fees generated by our franchise stores. Franchisees are independent operators, and their employees are not our employees. We provide tools for franchisees to use in training their employees, but the quality of franchise store
operations and our brand and branded products may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Franchisees may not operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements or they or their employees may take other
actions that adversely affect the value of our brand. In such event, our business and reputation may suffer, and as a result our revenues and stock price could decline.  
 As of December 31, 2017, we had 789 domestic franchisees operating 5,195 domestic stores. Fourteen of these franchisees each own and operate over 50
domestic stores, including our largest domestic franchisee who owns and operates 187 stores, and the average franchisee owns and operates seven stores.  
 Our international master franchisees are generally responsible for the development of significantly more stores than our domestic franchisees. As a result,
our international operations are more closely tied to the success of a smaller number of franchisees than our domestic operations. Our largest international master franchisee operates 2,170 stores in seven markets, which accounts for approximately
23% of our total international store count. Our domestic and international franchisees may not operate their franchises successfully. If one or more of our key franchisees were to become insolvent or otherwise were unable or unwilling to pay us our
royalties or other amounts owed, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.    The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a
deficiency in cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of confidential information, or damage to our employee and business relationships, any of which could subject us
to loss and harm our brand.    A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability
of information resources. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information about
customers, franchisees, suppliers or employees. A number of retailers and other companies have recently experienced serious cyber incidents and breaches of their information technology systems. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have
the risks posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. The three primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationships with customers,
franchisees and employees and private data exposure. In addition to maintaining insurance coverage to address cyber incidents, we have also implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate these risks. However, our cyber insurance
coverage may not cover the costs of a cyber incident and these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our reputation and financial results will not be adversely affected by such an
incident.    Because we and our franchisees accept electronic forms of payment from customers, our business requires the collection and retention of
customer data, including sensitive data and other personally identifiable information in various information systems that we and our franchisees maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we and our franchisees contract to provide
payment processing. We also maintain important internal Company data, such as personally identifiable information about our employees and franchisees and information relating to our operations. In addition, more than half of all global retail sales
in 2017 were derived from digital channels, primarily through our online ordering website and mobile applications, where customers enter personally  
 identifiable information that we retain. Our use and retention of personally identifiable information is regulated by foreign, federal and state laws, as well
as by certain third-party agreements. As privacy and information security laws and regulations change, we may incur additional costs to ensure that we remain in compliance with those laws and regulations. If our security and information systems are
compromised or if our employees or franchisees fail to comply with these laws, regulations or contract terms, and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could adversely affect our reputation and could
disrupt our operations and result in costly litigation, judgments or penalties. Laws and regulations governing cyber incidents could require us to notify customers, employees or other groups, result in adverse publicity, loss of sales and profits,
increase fees payable to third parties and result in penalties or remediation and other costs that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any other material disruption or other adverse event affecting one or more of our
digital ordering platforms could similarly result in a loss of sales and profits, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.  
      15  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We are subject to extensive government regulation and requirements issued by other groups and our failure
to comply with existing or increased regulations could adversely affect our business and operating results.    We are subject to numerous federal,
state, local and foreign laws and regulations, as well as requirements issued by other groups, including those relating to:      
 
 
 • 
   
 the preparation, sale and labeling of food;      
 
 
 • 
   
 building and zoning requirements;     
 
 
 • 
   
 environmental protection;      
 
 
 • 
   
 minimum wage, overtime and other labor requirements;      
 
 
 • 
   
 compliance with securities laws and New York Stock Exchange listed company rules;      
 
 
 • 
   
 compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended;      
 
 
 • 
   
 working and safety conditions;      
 
 
 • 
   
 menu labeling and other nutritional requirements;      
 
 
 • 
   
 compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards and similar requirements;      
 
 
 • 
   
 compliance with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and subsequent amendments (the “Affordable Care Act”);      
 
 
 • 
   
 compliance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any rules promulgated thereunder; and      
 
 
 • 
   
 regulations under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “2017 Tax Act”).    The Affordable Care Act
requires employers such as us to provide health insurance for all qualifying employees or pay penalties for not providing coverage. The majority of the increases in these costs began in 2015, and while the incremental costs of this program have not
been material to us to date, we cannot predict what effect these costs will have on our results of operations and financial position, or the effects of the Affordable Care Act on some of our larger franchisees. Modifications to, or repeal of, all or
certain provisions of the Affordable Care Act are possible, consistent with statements made by certain elected officials.    The 2017 Tax Act was signed
into law on December 22, 2017, significantly reforming the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The 2017 Tax Act, among other things, includes changes to U.S. Federal tax rates, imposes significant additional limitations on the
deductibility of interest, allows for the expensing of capital expenditures, puts into effect the migration from a “worldwide” system of taxation to a territorial system and modifies or repeals many business deductions and credits. We
continue to examine the impact the 2017 Tax Act may have on our business. The estimated impact of the 2017 Tax Act is based on our management’s current knowledge and assumptions and recognized impacts could be materially different from current
estimates based on our actual results and our further analysis of the new law. We revalued our net deferred tax assets and liabilities at the newly enacted corporate tax rate in fiscal 2017. While the impact of this new legislation was not material
to our 2017 financial statements, we expect to have a significantly lower effective tax rate in future periods.    We may also become subject to legislation
or regulation seeking to tax and/or regulate  high-fat  foods, foods with high sugar and salt content, or foods otherwise deemed to be “unhealthy.” If we fail to comply with existing or future laws and
regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions. In addition, our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any of these laws or
regulations.    We are also subject to a Federal Trade Commission rule and to various state and foreign laws that govern the offer and sale of franchises.
Additionally, these laws regulate various aspects of the franchise relationship, including terminations and the refusal to renew franchises. The failure to comply with these laws and regulations in any jurisdiction or to obtain required government
approvals could result in a ban or temporary suspension on future franchise sales, fines or other penalties or require us to make offers of rescission or restitution, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results.  
 Our current insurance coverage may not be adequate, insurance premiums for such coverage may increase and we may not be able to obtain insurance at
acceptable rates, or at all.    We have retention programs for workers’ compensation, general liability and owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities. We are generally responsible for up to $1.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for workers’ compensation and general liability. We are generally
responsible for between $500,000 and $3.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities. Total insurance limits under these retention programs vary
depending upon the period covered and range up to $110.0 million per occurrence for general liability and owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities and up to the applicable statutory limits for
workers’ compensation. These insurance policies may not be adequate to protect us from liabilities that we incur in our business. In addition, in the future our insurance premiums may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar levels of
insurance on reasonable terms, or at all. Any such inadequacy of, or inability to obtain insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
      16  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our annual and quarterly financial results are subject to significant fluctuations depending on various
factors, many of which are beyond our control, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our share price may decline significantly.  
 Our sales and operating results can vary significantly from  quarter-to-quarter 
and  year-to-year  depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among other things:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
 variations in the timing and volume of our sales and our franchisees’ sales;      
 
 
 • 
   
 the timing of expenditures in anticipation of future sales;      
 
 
 • 
   
 sales promotions by us and our competitors;      
 
 
 • 
   
 changes in competitive and economic conditions generally;      
 
 
 • 
   
 changes in the cost or availability of our ingredients or labor; and      
 
 
 • 
   
 foreign currency exposure.    As a result, our operational performance may decline quickly and significantly in
response to changes in order patterns or rapid decreases in demand for our products. We anticipate that fluctuations in operating results will continue in the future.  
 Our common stock price could be subject to significant fluctuations and/or may decline.  
 The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
 planned or actual changes to our capital or debt structure;      
 
 
 • 
   
 variations in our operating results;      
 
 
 • 
   
 changes in revenues or earnings estimates or publication of research reports by analysts;      
 
 
 • 
   
 speculation in the press or investment community;      
 
 
 • 
   
 strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as sales promotions, acquisitions or restructurings;      
 
 
 • 
   
 actions by institutional and other stockholders;      
 
 
 • 
   
 changes in our dividend policy or any share repurchase program;      
 
 
 • 
   
 changes in the market values of public companies that operate in our business segments;      
 
 
 • 
   
 general market conditions; and      
 
 
 • 
   
 domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance.    The stock markets in general have
experienced volatility that has sometimes been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.  
 Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business.  
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2017, our consolidated total indebtedness was approximately $3.15 billion. We may
also incur additional debt, which would not be prohibited under the terms of our current securitized debt agreements. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our business and our shareholders. For example, it could:  
   
 
 
 • 
   
 make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt agreements;      
 
 
 • 
   
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;      
 
 
 • 
   
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes; and  
   
 
 
 • 
   
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our peers that may have less debt.
   In addition, the financial and other covenants we agreed to with our lenders may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make
investments, pay dividends and engage in other transactions, and the leverage may cause potential lenders to be less willing to loan funds to us in the future. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default that, if
not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of repayment of all of our indebtedness.  
      17  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt service obligations,
which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.    Our ability to make principal and interest payments on and to
refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If our
business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, in the amounts projected or at all, or if future borrowings are not available to us under our variable funding notes in amounts sufficient to fund our other liquidity needs, our
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled principal amortization and interest payments on our debt obligations in the future, we may need to
refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures or seek additional equity. If we are unable to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all or to effect
any other action relating to our indebtedness on satisfactory terms or at all, our business may be harmed.    The terms of our securitized debt
financing of certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries have restrictive terms and our failure to comply with any of these terms could put us in default, which would have an adverse effect on our business and prospects.  
 Unless and until we repay all outstanding borrowings under our securitized debt, we will remain subject to the restrictive terms of these borrowings. The
securitized debt, under which certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries issued and guaranteed fixed rate notes and variable funding senior revolving notes, contain a number of covenants, with the most significant financial covenant being a debt
service coverage calculation. These covenants limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things:      
 
 
 • 
   
 sell assets;      
 
 
 • 
   
 alter the business we conduct;      
 
 
 • 
   
 engage in mergers, acquisitions and other business combinations;      
 
 
 • 
   
 declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock;      
 
 
 • 
   
 incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness or guarantees;      
 
 
 • 
   
 make loans and investments;      
 
 
 • 
   
 incur liens; and      
 
 
 • 
   
 enter into transactions with affiliates.    The securitized debt also requires us to maintain specified
financial ratios at the end of each fiscal quarter. These restrictions could affect our ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and
we may not satisfy such a test. A breach of this covenant could result in a rapid amortization event or default under the securitized debt. If amounts owed under the securitized debt are accelerated because of a default under the securitized debt
and we are unable to pay such amounts, the investors may have the right to assume control of substantially all of the securitized assets.    During the term
following issuance, the outstanding senior notes will accrue interest in accordance with the terms of the debt agreements. Additionally, our senior notes have original scheduled principal payments of $32.0 million in each of 2018 and 2019,
$509.5 million in 2020, $27.0 million in 2021, $879.8 million in 2022, $18.0 million in each of 2023 and 2024, $742.0 million in 2025, $10.0 million in 2026 and $907.5 million in 2027. In accordance with our debt
agreements, the payment of principal on the outstanding senior notes shall be suspended if the leverage ratios for the Company are less than or equal to 5.0x total debt, as defined, to adjusted EBITDA, as defined, and no  catch-up  provisions are applicable.    If we are unable to refinance or repay amounts under the securitized debt prior to
the expiration of the term, our cash flow would be directed to the repayment of the securitized debt and, other than a weekly management fee sufficient to cover minimal selling, general and administrative expenses, would not be available for
operating our business.    No assurance can be given that any refinancing or additional financing will be possible when needed or that we will be able to
negotiate acceptable terms. In addition, our access to capital is affected by prevailing conditions in the financial and capital markets and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that market conditions will be favorable at the
times that we require new or additional financing.    The indenture governing the securitized debt will restrict the cash flow from the entities subject to
the securitization to any of our other entities and upon the occurrence of certain events, cash flow would be further restricted.    In the event that a
rapid amortization event occurs under the indenture (including, without limitation, upon an event of default under the indenture or the failure to repay the securitized debt at the end of its term), the funds available to us would be reduced or
eliminated, which would in turn reduce our ability to operate or grow our business.  
      18  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments.    None.  
   
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties.    We lease approximately 260,000 square feet for our World Resource Center located in Ann
Arbor, Michigan under an operating lease with Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C., an unrelated company. The lease, as amended, expires in December 2022 and has two five-year renewal options.  
 We own five supply chain center buildings. We also own two store buildings that we lease to domestic franchisees. All other domestic Company-owned stores are
leased by us, typically under five-year leases with one or two five-year renewal options. All other domestic and international supply chain centers are leased by us, typically under leases ranging between five and 15 years with one or two five-year
renewal options. All other franchise stores are leased or owned directly by the respective franchisees. We believe that our existing headquarters and other leased and owned facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements.  
   
 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings.    We are a party to lawsuits, revenue agent reviews by taxing authorities and
administrative proceedings in the ordinary course of business which include, without limitation, workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile and franchisee claims. We are also subject to suits related to employment practices.  
 Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual litigated matters is not predictable with assurance. These matters referenced
above could be decided unfavorably to us and could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts or a range of amounts that cannot be estimated with accuracy. In management’s opinion, these matters, individually and in
the aggregate, should not have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, and the established accruals adequately provide for the estimated resolution of such claims. 
 On February 14, 2011, Domino’s Pizza LLC was named as a defendant in a lawsuit along with Fischler Enterprises of C.F., Inc., a franchisee, and
Jeffrey S. Kidd, the franchisee’s delivery driver, filed by Yvonne Wiederhold, the plaintiff, as Personal Representative of the Estate of Richard E. Wiederhold, deceased. The case involved a traffic accident in which the franchisee’s
delivery driver is alleged to have caused an accident involving a vehicle driven by Richard Wiederhold. Mr. Wiederhold sustained spinal injuries resulting in quadriplegia and passed away several months after the accident. The jury returned a
$10.1 million judgment for the plaintiff where the Company and Mr. Kidd were found to be 90% liable (after certain offsets and other deductions the final verdict was $8.9 million). In the second quarter of 2016, the trial court ruled on
all post-judgment motions and entered the judgment. The Company denies liability and in the third quarter of 2016 filed an appeal of the verdict on a variety of grounds. The Company continues to deny liability in this matter.  
 While we may occasionally be party to large claims, including class action suits, we do not believe that any existing matters, individually or in the
aggregate, will materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.      
 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures.    Not applicable.  
   
 
 
 Item 4A. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant.    The listing of executive officers of the Company is set forth
under Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance on pages 76 through 78, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
      19  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.  
 As of February 13, 2018, Domino’s Pizza, Inc. had 170,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which 43,018,242 were
issued and outstanding. Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker symbol “DPZ.”  
 The following table presents the high and low closing prices by quarter for Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock, as reported by the NYSE, and
dividends declared per common share.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2017: 
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 Dividends Declared Per Share 
   


 
   First quarter (January 2, 2017 – March 26, 2017) 
    
 $ 
 189.81 
   
    
 $ 
 158.36 
   
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
 
   Second quarter (March 27, 2017 – June 18, 2017) 
    
   
 218.15 
   
    
   
 173.75 
   
    
   
 0.46 
   
 
   Third quarter (June 19, 2017 – September 10, 2017) 
    
   
 218.88 
   
    
   
 178.38 
   
    
   
 0.46 
   
 
   Fourth quarter (September 11, 2017 – December 31, 2017) 
    
   
 209.44 
   
    
   
 168.71 
   
    
   
 0.46 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2016: 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   First quarter (January 4, 2016 – March 27, 2016) 
    
 $ 
 134.39 
   
    
 $ 
 104.16 
   
    
 $ 
 0.38 
   
 
   Second quarter (March 28, 2016 – June 19, 2016) 
    
   
 140.01 
   
    
   
 118.56 
   
    
   
 0.38 
   
 
   Third quarter (June 20, 2016 – September 11, 2016) 
    
   
 151.00 
   
    
   
 122.08 
   
    
   
 0.38 
   
 
   Fourth quarter (September 12, 2016 – January 1, 2017) 
    
   
 172.26 
   
    
   
 149.66 
   
    
   
 0.38 
   
   Our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.55 per common share on February 14, 2018 payable on
March 30, 2018 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 15, 2018.    We currently anticipate continuing the payment of
quarterly cash dividends. The actual amount of such dividends, if any, will depend upon future earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, our financial condition and certain other factors. There can be no assurance as to the amount of
free cash flow that we will generate in future years and, accordingly, dividends will be considered after reviewing returns to shareholders, profitability expectations and financing needs and will be declared at the discretion of our Board of
Directors.    As of February 13, 2018, there were 1,499 registered holders of record of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock.  
 As of December 31, 2017, we had a Board of Directors-approved share repurchase program for up to $1.25 billion of our common stock, of which
$198.5 million remained available for future purchases of our common stock. Any future purchases of our common stock would be funded by current cash amounts, available borrowings or future excess cash flow. The following table summarizes our
repurchase activity during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
   
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
   
   
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
   
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) 
   
   
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in thousands) 
   


 
   Period #10 (September 11, 2017 to October 8, 2017) 
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 250,000 
   
 
   Period #11 (October 9, 2017 to November 5, 2017) (2) 
   
   
 799,561 
   
   
   
 191.93 
   
   
   
 797,649 
   
   
   
 223,368 
   
 
   Period #12 (November 6, 2017 to December 3, 2017) 
   
   
 140,697 
   
   
   
 178.64 
   
   
   
 139,377 
   
   
   
 198,468 
   
 
   Period #13 (December 4, 2017 to December 31, 2017) 
   
   
 1,274 
   
   
   
 183.61 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 198,468 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 941,532 
   
   
 $ 
 189.93 
   
   
   
 937,026 
   
   
 $ 
 198,468 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      20  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (1) 
 4,506 shares were purchased as part of the Company’s employee stock purchase discount plan. During the fourth quarter, the shares were purchased at an average price of $190.97.  
 
 
 (2) 
 On July 27, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.25 billion of the Company’s common stock. This repurchase program replaced the
previously existing $250.0 million share repurchase program. On August 2, 2017, the Company entered into a $1.0 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement (the “2017 ASR Agreement”) with a counterparty. In connection
with the 2017 ASR Agreement, the Company received and retired a total of 5,218,670 shares of its common stock, including 4,558,863 shares received and retired during the third quarter and 659,807 shares received and retired at final settlement
during the fourth quarter.    The average price paid per share of $191.93 for Period #11 (October 9, 2017 to November 5,
2017) includes the 659,807 shares received and retired at final settlement of the 2017 ASR Agreement. The average purchase price per share for the 5,218,670 shares the Company received and retired through the $1.0 billion ASR program was
$191.62.    On February 14, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to
$750.0 million of the Company’s common stock. This repurchase program replaces the remaining availability of approximately $198.5 million under the Company’s previously approved $1.25 billion share repurchase program.  
 The following comparative stock performance line graph compares the cumulative shareholder return on the common stock of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ)
for the five-year period between December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2017, with cumulative total return on (i) the Total Return Index for the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE Composite Index”), (ii) the Standard &
Poor’s 500 Index (the “S&P 500”) and (iii) the peer group, the Standard & Poor’s 400 Restaurant Index (the “S&P 400 Restaurant Index”). Management believes that the companies included in the
S&P 400 Restaurant Index appropriately reflect the scope of the Company’s operations and match the competitive market in which the Company operates. The cumulative total return computations set forth in the performance graph assume the
investment of $100 in the Company’s common stock, the NYSE Composite Index, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 400 Restaurant Index on December 31, 2012.      
 


 
     
      21  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data.    The following selected financial data set forth should be read in conjunction
with, and is qualified by reference to, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Form
 10-K.  The selected financial data, with the exception of store counts and same store sales growth, has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and
subsidiaries. This historical data is not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any future period.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal year ended (5) 
   
 
   (dollars in millions, except per share
data) 
    
 December 31, 2017 (3) 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   
   
 January 3, 2016 (4) 
   
   
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   


 
   Income statement data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 490.8 
   
   
 $ 
 439.0 
   
   
 $ 
 396.9 
   
   
 $ 
 348.5 
   
   
 $ 
 337.4 
   
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 351.4 
   
   
   
 312.3 
   
   
   
 272.8 
   
   
   
 230.2 
   
   
   
 212.4 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Domestic stores 
    
   
 842.2 
   
   
   
 751.3 
   
   
   
 669.7 
   
   
   
 578.7 
   
   
   
 549.8 
   
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,739.0 
   
   
   
 1,544.3 
   
   
   
 1,383.2 
   
   
   
 1,262.5 
   
   
   
 1,118.9 
   
 
   International franchise 
    
   
 206.7 
   
   
   
 177.0 
   
   
   
 163.6 
   
   
   
 152.6 
   
   
   
 133.6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 2,788.0 
   
   
   
 2,472.6 
   
   
   
 2,216.5 
   
   
   
 1,993.8 
   
   
   
 1,802.2 
   
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,922.0 
   
   
   
 1,704.9 
   
   
   
 1,533.4 
   
   
   
 1,399.1 
   
   
   
 1,253.2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 866.0 
   
   
   
 767.7 
   
   
   
 683.1 
   
   
   
 594.8 
   
   
   
 549.0 
   
 
   General and administrative expense 
    
   
 344.8 
   
   
   
 313.6 
   
   
   
 277.7 
   
   
   
 249.4 
   
   
   
 235.2 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 521.2 
   
   
   
 454.0 
   
   
   
 405.4 
   
   
   
 345.4 
   
   
   
 313.8 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 1.5 
   
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
   
 0.1 
   
   
   
 0.2 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (122.5 
 )  
   
   
 (110.1 
 )  
   
   
 (99.5 
 )  
   
   
 (86.9 
 )  
   
   
 (88.9 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 400.2 
   
   
   
 344.7 
   
   
   
 306.2 
   
   
   
 258.6 
   
   
   
 225.1 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 122.2 
   
   
   
 130.0 
   
   
   
 113.4 
   
   
   
 96.0 
   
   
   
 82.1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 277.9 
   
   
 $ 
 214.7 
   
   
 $ 
 192.8 
   
   
 $ 
 162.6 
   
   
 $ 
 143.0 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 6.05 
   
   
 $ 
 4.41 
   
   
 $ 
 3.58 
   
   
 $ 
 2.96 
   
   
 $ 
 2.58 
   
 
   Common stock – diluted 
    
   
 5.83 
   
   
   
 4.30 
   
   
   
 3.47 
   
   
   
 2.86 
   
   
   
 2.48 
   
 
   Dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 1.84 
   
   
 $ 
 1.52 
   
   
 $ 
 1.24 
   
   
 $ 
 1.00 
   
   
 $ 
 0.80 
   
 
   Balance sheet data (at end of period): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 35.8 
   
   
 $ 
 42.8 
   
   
 $ 
 133.4 
   
   
 $ 
 30.9 
   
   
 $ 
 14.4 
   
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 191.8 
   
   
   
 126.5 
   
   
   
 180.9 
   
   
   
 121.0 
   
   
   
 125.5 
   
 
   Working capital (1) 
    
   
 (10.3 
 )  
   
   
 (34.3 
 )  
   
   
 45.7 
   
   
   
 41.8 
   
   
   
 (28.5 
 )  
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 836.8 
   
   
   
 716.3 
   
   
   
 799.8 
   
   
   
 596.3 
   
   
   
 496.6 
   
 
   Total debt net of debt issuance cost 
    
   
 3,153.8 
   
   
   
 2,187.9 
   
   
   
 2,240.8 
   
   
   
 1,500.6 
   
   
   
 1,507.7 
   
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (2,735.4 
 )  
   
   
 (1,883.1 
 )  
   
   
 (1,800.3 
 )  
   
   
 (1,219.5 
 )  
   
   
 (1,290.2 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      22  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 Fiscal year ended (5) 
   
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 December 31, 2017 (3) 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   
   
 January 3, 2016 (4) 
   
   
 December 28, 2014 
   
   
 December 29, 2013 
   


 
   Other financial data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
 $ 
 44.4 
   
   
 $ 
 38.1 
   
   
 $ 
 32.4 
   
   
 $ 
 35.8 
   
   
 $ 
 25.8 
   
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 90.3 
   
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
   
 62.4 
   
   
   
 71.8 
   
   
   
 40.4 
   
 
   Same store sales growth ( 2 ): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 8.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
   
   
 12.2 
 %  
   
   
 6.2 
 %  
   
   
 3.9 
 %  
 
   Domestic franchise stores 
    
   
 7.6 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
   
 11.9 
 %  
   
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 5.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Domestic stores 
    
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
   
 12.0 
 %  
   
   
 7.5 
 %  
   
   
 5.4 
 %  
 
   International stores 
    
   
 3.4 
 %  
   
   
 6.3 
 %  
   
   
 7.8 
 %  
   
   
 6.9 
 %  
   
   
 6.2 
 %  
 
   Store counts (at end of period): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 392 
   
   
   
 392 
   
   
   
 384 
   
   
   
 377 
   
   
   
 390 
   
 
   Domestic franchise stores 
    
   
 5,195 
   
   
   
 4,979 
   
   
   
 4,816 
   
   
   
 4,690 
   
   
   
 4,596 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Domestic stores 
    
   
 5,587 
   
   
   
 5,371 
   
   
   
 5,200 
   
   
   
 5,067 
   
   
   
 4,986 
   
 
   International stores 
    
   
 9,269 
   
   
   
 8,440 
   
   
   
 7,330 
   
   
   
 6,562 
   
   
   
 5,900 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stores 
    
   
 14,856 
   
   
   
 13,811 
   
   
   
 12,530 
   
   
   
 11,629 
   
   
   
 10,886 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The working capital amounts exclude restricted cash and cash equivalents amounts of $191.8 million in 2017, $126.5 million in 2016, $180.9 million in 2015, $121.0 million in 2014 and
$125.5 million in 2013.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Same store sales growth is calculated including only sales from stores that also had sales in the comparable period of the prior year. International same store sales growth is calculated similarly to domestic same store
sales growth. Changes in international same store sales are reported on a constant dollar basis which reflects changes in international local currency sales. The 53 rd  week in fiscal 2015 had no
impact on reported same store sales growth amounts.  
 
 
 (3) 
 In connection with our 2017 Recapitalization, the Company issued $1.9 billion of fixed and floating rate notes. A portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization was used to repay the remaining
$910.2 million in outstanding principal under the 2012 fixed rate notes,  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2017 fixed and floating rate notes and pay transaction fees and
expenses. The Company also used a portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization to enter into a $1.0 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement to repurchase the Company’s common stock. Refer to Note 4 of the consolidated
financial statements for additional detail related to the 2017 Recapitalization.  
 
 
 (4) 
 In connection with our 2015 Recapitalization, the Company issued $1.3 billion of fixed rate notes. A portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization was used to make an optional prepayment of approximately
$551.3 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2012 fixed rate notes, at par, pay scheduled principal  catch-up  amounts on its 2012 fixed rate notes, make an interest reserve deposit,  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2015 fixed rate notes and pay transaction fees and expenses. The Company also used a portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization to enter
into a $600.0 million accelerated share repurchase agreement to repurchase the Company’s common stock. Refer to Note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to the 2015 Recapitalization.  
 
 
 (5) 
 The 2015 fiscal year includes 53 weeks and the 2017, 2016, 2014 and 2013 fiscal years each include 52 weeks.  
      23  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    Overview
   Our fiscal year typically includes 52 weeks, comprised of three twelve-week quarters and one sixteen-week quarter. Every five or six years our
fiscal year includes an extra (or 53 rd ) week in the fourth quarter. Fiscal 2017 and 2016 each consisted of 52 weeks, while fiscal 2015 consisted of 53 weeks.  
 Description of the Business    Domino’s is the largest
pizza company in the world based on global retail sales, with more than 14,800 locations in over 85 markets around the world. Founded in 1960, our roots are in convenient pizza delivery, while a significant amount of our sales also come from
carryout customers. Although we are a highly-recognized global brand, we focus on serving the local neighborhoods in which we live and do business through our large network of franchise owners and Company-owned stores. On average, we and our
franchisees sell more than 2.5 million pizzas each day throughout our global system.    Our business model is straightforward: we handcraft and serve
quality food at a competitive price, with easy ordering access and efficient service, enhanced by our technology innovations. Our dough is generally made fresh and distributed to stores around the world by us and our franchisees.  
 Domino’s generates revenues and earnings by charging royalties to our franchisees. Royalties are ongoing  percent-of-sales  fees for use of the Domino’s brand marks. The Company also generates revenues and earnings by selling food, equipment and supplies to franchisees primarily in the U.S. and Canada, and by
operating a number of our own stores. Franchisees profit by selling pizza and other complementary items to their local customers. In our international markets, we generally grant geographical rights to the Domino’s Pizza brand to master
franchisees. These master franchisees are charged with developing their geographical area, and they may profit by  sub-franchising  and selling food and equipment to those
 sub-franchisees,  as well as by running pizza stores. Everyone in the system can benefit, including the end consumer, who can feed Domino’s menu items to their family conveniently and economically.  
 Our business model can yield strong returns for our franchise owners and Company-owned stores. It can also yield significant cash flow to us, through a
consistent franchise royalty payment and supply chain revenue stream, with moderate capital expenditures. We have historically returned cash to shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases since becoming a publicly-traded
company.   Fiscal 2017 Highlights      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Global retail sales (which are total retail sales at Company-owned and franchised stores worldwide) increased 12.7% as compared to 2016.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Same store sales increased 7.7% in our domestic stores and increased 3.4% in our international stores.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Our revenues increased 12.8%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Our income from operations increased 14.8%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Our net income increased 29.5%.    During 2017, we continued our rapid global expansion with the opening of
1,045 net new stores. Our international franchise segment led the way with 829 net new store openings.    We continued our focus on growing online ordering
and the digital customer experience as well as other technological advancements. In 2017, as part of an industry-first collaboration with Ford Motor Company, Domino’s began a meaningful test of delivery using self-driving vehicles. Our emphasis
on technology innovation helped the Domino’s system generate more than half of global retail sales from digital channels in 2017. Overall, we believe our focus in 2017 on global growth and technology will continue to strengthen our brand in the
future.    Fiscal 2016 Highlights      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Global retail sales increased 9.8% as compared to 2015.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Same store sales increased 10.5% in our domestic stores and increased 6.3% in our international stores.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Our revenues increased 11.6%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Our income from operations increased 12.0%.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Our net income increased 11.4%.    During 2016, we continued our rapid global expansion with the opening of
1,281 net new stores. Our international franchise segment led the way with a record 1,110 net new store openings.  
      24  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We continued our focus on growing online ordering and the digital customer experience as we introduced new
innovative ordering platforms including  zero-click  ordering, Google Home, Facebook Messenger, Apple Watch and Amazon Echo. Our emphasis on technology innovation helped the Domino’s system generate more
than half of global retail sales from digital channels in 2016.    Critical accounting policies and estimates  
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, our management evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, long-lived and intangible assets, insurance and legal
matters, share-based payments and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from those estimates. Changes in our accounting policies and estimates could materially impact our results of operations and
financial condition for any particular period. We believe that our most critical accounting policies and estimates are:    Revenue recognition . We
earn revenues through our network of domestic Company-owned and franchised stores, dough manufacturing and supply chain centers and international operations. Retail sales from franchise stores are reported to the Company by its franchisees and are
not included in Company revenues. Retail sales from Company-owned stores and royalty revenues resulting from the retail sales from franchised stores are recognized as revenues when the items are delivered to or carried out by customers. Retail sales
are generally reported and related royalties paid to the Company based on a percentage of retail sales, as specified in the related standard franchise agreement (generally 5.5% of domestic franchise retail sales and, on average, 3.0% of
international franchise retail sales). Revenues from Company-owned stores and royalty revenues and fees from franchised stores can fluctuate from  time-to-time  as a
result of store count and sales level changes. This can occur when a Company-owned store is sold to a franchisee. If a Company-owned store that generated $1,000,000 in revenue in fiscal 2016 was sold to a franchisee in fiscal 2017, revenues from
Company-owned stores would have declined by $1,000,000 in fiscal 2017, while franchise royalty revenues would have increased by only $55,000 in fiscal 2017, as we generally collect 5.5% of a domestic franchisee’s retail sales. Sales of food
from our supply chain centers are recognized as revenues upon delivery of the food to franchisees, while sales of equipment and supplies are generally recognized as revenues upon shipment of the related products to franchisees.  
 Long-lived and intangible assets.  We record long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and capitalized software, at cost. For
acquisitions of franchise operations, we estimate the fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired based on physical inspection of assets, historical experience and other information available to us regarding the acquisition. We depreciate and
amortize long-lived assets using useful lives determined by us based on historical experience and other information available to us. We evaluate the potential impairment of long-lived assets at least annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Our evaluation is based on various analyses, including the projection of undiscounted cash flows. For Company-owned stores, we perform related impairment tests on
an operating market basis, which the Company has determined to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other cash flows. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the amount of the expected future
undiscounted cash flows of that asset, the Company estimates the fair value of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized and the asset is written down to its
estimated fair value.    We have not made any significant changes in the methodology used to project the future market cash flows of Company-owned stores
during the years presented. Same store sales fluctuations and the rates at which operating costs will fluctuate in the future are key factors in evaluating recoverability of the related assets. If our same store sales significantly decline or if
operating costs increase and we are unable to recover these costs, the carrying value of our Company-owned stores, by market, may be unrecoverable and we may be required to recognize an impairment charge. The Company did not record any impairment
charges during fiscal 2017, fiscal 2016 or fiscal 2015.    A significant portion of our goodwill relates to acquisitions of domestic franchise stores and is
included in our domestic stores segment, specifically, in our Company-owned stores division. We evaluate goodwill annually for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit (which is primarily determined using the present value of
future cash flows) to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, goodwill would be impaired. We have not made any significant changes in the methodology used to evaluate goodwill impairment during the
years presented. At December 31, 2017, the fair value of our business operations with  
      25  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
associated goodwill exceeded their recorded carrying value, including the related goodwill. If cash flows generated by our Company-owned stores were to decline significantly in the future or
there were negative revisions to the market multiple assumption, we may be required to recognize a goodwill impairment charge. However, based on the latest impairment analysis, we do not believe it is reasonably likely that there could be changes in
assumptions that would trigger impairment.    Insurance and legal matters.  We are a party to lawsuits and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary
course of business. Management closely monitors these legal matters and estimates the probable costs for the resolution of such matters. These estimates are primarily determined by consulting with both internal and external parties handling the
matters and are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Legal judgments can be volatile and difficult to predict. Accordingly, if our estimates relating to legal matters proved
inaccurate for any reason, we may be required to increase or decrease the related expense in future periods. We had accruals for legal matters of approximately $1.7 million at December 31, 2017 and $2.7 million at January 1,
2017.    For certain periods prior to December 1998 and for periods after December 2001, we maintain insurance coverage for workers’ compensation,
general liability and owned and  non-owned  auto liability under insurance policies requiring payment of a deductible for each occurrence up to between $500,000 and $3.0 million, depending on the policy
year and line of coverage. The related insurance reserves are based on undiscounted independent actuarial estimates, which are based on historical information along with assumptions about future events. Specifically, various methods, including
analyses of historical trends and actuarial valuation methods, are utilized to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. The actuarial valuation methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs
based on the claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. When estimating these liabilities, several factors are considered, including the severity, duration and frequency of claims, legal cost associated with claims, healthcare trends and
projected inflation.    Our methodology for determining our exposure has remained consistent throughout the years presented. Management believes that the
various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self-insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data that management uses to make its best estimate of our exposure to these risks. Changes in assumptions for
such factors as medical costs and legal actions, as well as changes in actual experience, could cause our estimates to change in the near term which could result in an increase or decrease in the related expense in future periods. A 10% change in
our self-insurance liability at December 31, 2017 would have affected our income before provision for income taxes by approximately $5.1 million for fiscal 2017. We had accruals for insurance matters of approximately $51.4 million at
December 31, 2017 and $43.9 million at January 1, 2017.    Share-based payments.  We recognize compensation expense related to our
share-based compensation arrangements over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value of the awards. The grant date fair value of each restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock award is equal to the market price of
our stock on the date of grant. The grant date fair value of each stock option award is estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The pricing model requires assumptions, including the expected life of the stock option, the risk-free
interest rate, the expected dividend yield and expected volatility of our stock over the expected life, which significantly impact the assumed fair value. We account for forfeitures as they occur. Additionally, our stock option, restricted stock and
performance-based restricted stock arrangements provide for accelerated vesting and the ability to exercise during the remainder of the  ten-year  stock option life upon the retirement of individuals holding the
awards who have achieved specified service and age requirements.    Management believes that the methods and various assumptions used to determine
compensation expense related to these arrangements are reasonable, but if the assumptions change significantly for future grants, share-based compensation expense will fluctuate in future years.  
 Income taxes.  We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax
basis of assets and liabilities. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using current enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which we expect the temporary differences to be recovered or paid. Judgment is required in determining
the provision for income taxes, related reserves and deferred tax assets and liabilities. These include establishing a valuation allowance related to the ability to realize certain deferred tax assets, if necessary. On an ongoing basis, management
will assess whether it remains more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company did not have any valuation allowances recorded for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2017 and had valuation allowances
recorded for deferred tax assets of approximately $0.1 million as of January 1, 2017. Our accounting for deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. Our net deferred tax assets assume that we will generate sufficient
taxable income in specific tax jurisdictions, based on our estimates and assumptions. Changes in our current estimates due to unanticipated events could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.  
      26  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The amounts recorded on the balance sheet relating to uncertain tax positions consider the ultimate resolution of
revenue agent reviews based on estimates and assumptions. We believe we have appropriately accounted for our uncertain tax positions; however, tax audits, changes in tax laws and other unforeseen matters may result in us owing additional taxes. We
adjust our reserves for uncertain tax positions when facts and circumstances change or due to the passage of time. The completion of a tax audit or the expiration of a statute of limitations associated with uncertain tax positions are examples of
situations when we may adjust our reserves. Management believes that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately provided for these matters. However, to the extent the final tax outcome of these matters is different
than our recorded amounts, we may be required to adjust our tax reserves resulting in additional income tax expense or benefit in future periods.    Same
Store Sales Growth      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 8.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
   
   
 12.2 
 %  
 
   Domestic franchise stores 
    
   
 7.6 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
   
 11.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Domestic stores 
    
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
   
 12.0 
 %  
 
   International stores (excluding foreign currency impact) 
    
   
 3.4 
 %  
   
   
 6.3 
 %  
   
   
 7.8 
 %  
   Store Growth Activity      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Domestic Company-owned Stores 
   
   
 Domestic Franchise 
   
   
 Total Domestic Stores 
   
   
 International Stores 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Store count at December 28, 2014 
    
   
 377 
   
   
   
 4,690 
   
   
   
 5,067 
   
   
   
 6,562 
   
   
   
 11,629 
   
 
   Openings 
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 148 
   
   
   
 160 
   
   
   
 867 
   
   
   
 1,027 
   
 
   Closings 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (99 
 )  
   
   
 (126 
 )  
 
   Transfers 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at January 3, 2016 
    
   
 384 
   
   
   
 4,816 
   
   
   
 5,200 
   
   
   
 7,330 
   
   
   
 12,530 
   
 
   Openings 
    
   
 8 
   
   
   
 186 
   
   
   
 194 
   
   
   
 1,178 
   
   
   
 1,372 
   
 
   Closings 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (68 
 )  
   
   
 (91 
 )  
 
   Transfers 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at January 1, 2017 
    
   
 392 
   
   
   
 4,979 
   
   
   
 5,371 
   
   
   
 8,440 
   
   
   
 13,811 
   
 
   Openings 
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 213 
   
   
   
 229 
   
   
   
 891 
   
   
   
 1,120 
   
 
   Closings 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (62 
 )  
   
   
 (75 
 )  
 
   Transfers 
    
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at December 31, 2017 
    
   
 392 
   
   
   
 5,195 
   
   
   
 5,587 
   
   
   
 9,269 
   
   
   
 14,856 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Income Statement Data      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 490.8 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 439.0 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 396.9 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 351.4 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 312.3 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 272.8 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,739.0 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,544.3 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,383.2 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   International franchise 
    
   
 206.7 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 177.0 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 163.6 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 2,788.0 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 2,472.6 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 2,216.5 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 377.7 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 331.9 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 299.3 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,544.3 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,373.1 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,234.1 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,922.0 
   
   
   
 68.9 
 %  
   
   
 1,704.9 
   
   
   
 69.0 
 %  
   
   
 1,533.4 
   
   
   
 69.2 
 %  
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 866.0 
   
   
   
 31.1 
 %  
   
   
 767.7 
   
   
   
 31.0 
 %  
   
   
 683.1 
   
   
   
 30.8 
 %  
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 344.8 
   
   
   
 12.4 
 %  
   
   
 313.6 
   
   
   
 12.7 
 %  
   
   
 277.7 
   
   
   
 12.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 521.2 
   
   
   
 18.7 
 %  
   
   
 454.0 
   
   
   
 18.3 
 %  
   
   
 405.4 
   
   
   
 18.3 
 %  
 
   Interest expense, net 
    
   
 (121.1 
 )  
   
   
 (4.3 
 )%  
   
   
 (109.4 
 )  
   
   
 (4.4 
 )%  
   
   
 (99.2 
 )  
   
   
 (4.5 
 )%  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 400.2 
   
   
   
 14.4 
 %  
   
   
 344.7 
   
   
   
 13.9 
 %  
   
   
 306.2 
   
   
   
 13.8 
 %  
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 122.2 
   
   
   
 4.4 
 %  
   
   
 130.0 
   
   
   
 5.2 
 %  
   
   
 113.4 
   
   
   
 5.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 277.9 
   
   
   
 10.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 214.7 
   
   
   
 8.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 192.8 
   
   
   
 8.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      27  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2017 compared to 2016  
 (tabular amounts in millions, except percentages)    Revenues.
 Revenues primarily consist of retail sales from our Company-owned stores, royalties and fees from our domestic and international franchised stores and sales of food, equipment and supplies from our supply chain centers to all of our domestic
franchised stores and certain international franchised stores. Company-owned store and franchised store revenues may vary from period to period due to changes in store count mix. Supply chain revenues may vary significantly as a result of
fluctuations in commodity prices as well as the mix of products we sell.    Consolidated revenues increased $315.4 million or 12.8% in 2017. The
increase was due primarily to higher supply chain food volumes as well as higher Company-owned store, domestic franchise and international franchise revenues resulting from same store sales and store count growth. These changes in revenues are more
fully described below.    Domestic stores.  Revenues from domestic stores are primarily comprised of retail sales from domestic Company-owned store
operations as well as royalties from retail sales and other fees from domestic franchised stores, as summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 490.8 
   
    
   
 58.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 439.0 
   
    
   
 58.4 
 %  
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 351.4 
   
    
   
 41.7 
 %  
   
   
 312.3 
   
    
   
 41.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total domestic stores revenues 
    
 $ 
 842.2 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 751.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Higher domestic Company-owned same store sales, royalty revenues earned on higher franchise same store sales and an increase
in the average number of stores open drove an increase in overall domestic store revenues of $90.9 million or 12.1%. These results are more fully described below.  
 Domestic Company-owned stores.  Revenues from domestic Company-owned store operations increased $51.8 million or 11.8% in 2017. This increase was
due to an 8.7% increase in same store sales as compared to 2016 and an increase in the average number of stores open during the year.    Domestic
franchise.  Revenues from domestic franchise operations increased $39.1 million or 12.5% in 2017. The increase was driven by a 7.6% increase in same store sales as compared to 2016 and an increase in the average number of stores open during
the year. Revenues further benefited from higher fees paid by franchisees for the use of our internally developed technology platforms.    Supply
chain.  Revenues from supply chain operations are primarily comprised of sales of food, equipment and supplies from our supply chain centers to all of our domestic franchised stores and certain international franchised stores, as summarized in
the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Domestic supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,574.9 
   
    
   
 90.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,408.8 
   
    
   
 91.2 
 %  
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 164.1 
   
    
   
 9.4 
 %  
   
   
 135.5 
   
    
   
 8.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,739.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Domestic supply chain.  Domestic supply chain revenues increased $166.1 million or 11.8% in 2017. These increases
were primarily attributable to higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level as well as store count growth. Our market basket pricing to stores increased 1.7% during 2017, which resulted in an estimated $18.8 million increase in
domestic supply chain revenues.    International supply chain.  Revenues from international supply chain operations increased $28.6 million or
21.1% in 2017, driven primarily by higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level. The positive impact of foreign currency exchange rates of $3.4 million in 2017 also contributed to the increases.  
 International franchise.  International franchise revenues primarily consist of royalties from retail sales and other fees from our international
franchise stores. Revenues from international franchise operations increased $29.7 million or 16.8% in 2017. This increase was due to an increase in the average number of international stores open during 2017 as well as higher same store sales
and an increase in technology fees, and was offset slightly by the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately $0.8 million in 2017. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, same store sales
increased 3.4% in 2017 compared to 2016.  
      28  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cost of sales / Operating margin.  Consolidated cost of sales consists primarily of domestic Company-owned
store and supply chain costs incurred to generate related revenues. Components of consolidated cost of sales primarily include food, labor and occupancy costs. The changes to the consolidated operating margin, which we define as revenues less cost
of sales are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Consolidated revenues 
    
 $ 
 2,788.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,472.6 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Consolidated cost of sales 
    
   
 1,922.0 
   
    
   
 68.9 
 %  
   
   
 1,704.9 
   
    
   
 69.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated operating margin 
    
 $ 
 866.0 
   
    
   
 31.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 767.7 
   
    
   
 31.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $98.3 million or 12.8% increase in consolidated operating margin was due to higher domestic and international
franchise revenues as well as higher supply chain and Company-owned store margins. Franchise revenues do not have a cost of sales component, so changes in franchise revenues have a disproportionate effect on the consolidated operating margin.  
 As a percentage of total revenues, our consolidated operating margin increased 0.1 percentage points in 2017 due to a higher mix of franchise revenues and
higher supply chain margin as a percentage of supply chain revenues. Company-owned store operating margin decreased 1.3 percentage points during 2017. These changes in margin are more fully discussed below.  
 Domestic Company-owned stores.  The changes to domestic Company-owned store operating margin, which do not include other store-level costs such as
royalties and advertising, are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 490.8 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 439.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 377.7 
   
    
   
 76.9 
 %  
   
   
 331.9 
   
    
   
 75.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Store operating margin 
    
 $ 
 113.2 
   
    
   
 23.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 107.2 
   
    
   
 24.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $6.0 million or 5.6% increase in the domestic Company-owned store operating margin was due primarily to higher same
store sales and an increase in the average number of stores open during the year.    As a percentage of store revenues, the store operating margin decreased
1.3 percentage points in 2017, as discussed in more detail below.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Food costs increased 0.1 percentage points to 26.7% in 2017, due primarily to higher overall commodity prices.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Labor costs increased 0.7 percentage points to 29.5% in 2017, due primarily to an increase in labor rates in certain markets. The leveraging of higher same store sales partially offset this increase.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Insurance costs increased 0.6 percentage points to 3.4% in 2017, due primarily to incremental insurance expense related to updated independent actuarial estimates for our casualty insurance program.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Occupancy costs, which include rent, telephone, utilities and depreciation, decreased 0.2 percentage points to 7.9% in 2017, due primarily to the leveraging of higher same store sales.  
 Supply chain.  The changes to the supply chain operating margin are summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,739.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 88.8 
 %  
   
   
 1,373.1 
   
    
   
 88.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Supply chain operating margin 
    
 $ 
 194.7 
   
    
   
 11.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 171.3 
   
    
   
 11.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $23.4 million or 13.7% increase in the supply chain operating margin was due primarily to higher volumes from
increased store orders.    As a percentage of supply chain revenues, the supply chain operating margin increased 0.1 percentage points in 2017 due primarily
to procurement savings. Increased labor and delivery costs partially offset this increase.    General and administrative expenses.  General and
administrative expenses increased $31.2 million or 9.9% in 2017, primarily driven by continued investments in technological initiatives (primarily in  e-commerce  and information technology) as well as
investments in other strategic areas. Higher Company-owned store national advertising contributions resulting from higher same store sales also contributed to the increase. These increases were partially offset by lower performance-based
compensation expense and a  pre-tax  gain recognized from the sale of 17 Company-owned stores during the fourth quarter of 2017 of $4.0 million.  
 Interest income.  Interest income increased $0.8 million to $1.5 million in 2017.  
      29  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Interest expense.  Interest expense increased $12.4 million to $122.5 million in 2017. This
increase was driven by higher average borrowings and approximately $5.8 million of expenses related to the 2017 Recapitalization. These expenses include a $5.5 million  write-off  of debt issuance
costs and $0.3 million of interest expense that was incurred on the 2012 debt subsequent to the closing of the 2017 Recapitalization but prior to the repayment of the 2012 debt. The increase in interest expense was offset in part by a lower
weighted-average borrowing rate.    Our average outstanding debt balance, excluding capital lease obligations, was approximately $2.63 billion in 2017
and approximately $2.23 billion in 2016. The increase in the average outstanding debt balance was due to the issuance of debt in connection with the 2017 Recapitalization. Our weighted average borrowing rate decreased to 4.2% in fiscal 2017,
from 4.6% in fiscal 2016. The decreases in the Company’s cash borrowing rate resulted from the lower interest rates on the debt issued as part of the 2017 Recapitalization.  
 Provision for income taxes.  Provision for income taxes decreased $7.8 million to $122.2 million in 2017. Although  pre-tax  income increased in 2017, the effective tax rate decreased, primarily as a result of the Company’s adoption of ASU  2016-09,   Compensation – Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (“ASU  2016-09”),  which requires tax benefits on equity-based compensation to be recorded as a reduction to the
income tax provision. The adoption of this standard benefitted the provision for income taxes by $27.2 million in 2017. The effective tax rate decreased to 30.6% in 2017 as compared to 37.7% in 2016.  
 The impact of the 2017 Tax Act was not material to our 2017 financial statements. For further discussion of risks and uncertainties associated with the
implementation of the 2017 Tax Act, see Item 1A. Risk Factors.    2016 compared to 2015  
 (tabular amounts in millions, except percentages)  
 Revenues:  Consolidated revenues increased $256.1 million or 11.6% in 2016. The increase was due primarily to higher supply chain food volumes as
well as higher Company-owned store, domestic franchise and international franchise revenues resulting from same store sales and store count growth. These increases were offset in part by the inclusion of the 53 rd  week in 2015, which positively impacted revenues by an estimated $49.7 million in 2015. The negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on international franchise royalties
and international supply chain revenues also partially offset the increases in revenues. These changes in revenues are more fully described below.  
 Domestic stores.  Domestic stores revenues are summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 439.0 
   
    
   
 58.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 396.9 
   
    
   
 59.3 
 %  
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 312.3 
   
    
   
 41.6 
 %  
   
   
 272.8 
   
    
   
 40.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total domestic stores revenues 
    
 $ 
 751.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 669.7 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Higher franchise same store sales, store count growth and higher domestic Company-owned same store sales drove an increase in
overall domestic store revenues of $81.6 million or 12.2%. These results are more fully described below.    Domestic Company-owned stores. 
Revenues from domestic Company-owned store operations increased $42.1 million or 10.6% in 2016. This increase was due to a 10.4% increase in same store sales as compared to 2015 and an increase in the average number of stores open during the
year, and was offset in part by the estimated $9.1 million positive impact in 2015 related to the inclusion of the 53 rd  week.  
 Domestic franchise.  Revenues from domestic franchise operations increased $39.5 million or 14.5% in 2016. The increase was driven by a 10.5%
increase in same store sales as compared to 2015 and an increase in the average number of stores open during the year. Revenues further benefited from fees paid by franchisees for our internally developed online ordering platform, and were offset in
part by the estimated $6.1 million positive impact in 2015 related to the inclusion of the 53 rd  week.  
 Supply chain.  Supply chain revenues are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Domestic supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,408.8 
   
    
   
 91.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,266.4 
   
    
   
 91.6 
 %  
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 135.5 
   
    
   
 8.8 
 %  
   
   
 116.8 
   
    
   
 8.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,383.2 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      30  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Domestic supply chain.  Domestic supply chain revenues increased $142.4 million or 11.3% in 2016.
These increases were primarily attributable to higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level. They were partially offset by lower commodity prices and the estimated $27.8 million positive impact in 2015 related to the inclusion
of the 53 rd  week. The lower cheese block price (passed through directly in domestic supply chain pricing to franchisees) did not have a material impact on domestic supply chain revenues in 2016.
We estimate that lower commodity prices resulted in an approximate $3.0 million decrease in domestic supply chain revenues during 2016.  
 International supply chain.  Revenues from international supply chain operations increased $18.7 million or 16.0% in 2016. This increase resulted
primarily from higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level in 2016 and was offset in part by the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates of approximately $4.3 million in 2016 and the estimated $2.6 million
positive impact in 2015 related to the inclusion of the 53 rd  week.    International franchise. 
Revenues from international franchise operations increased $13.4 million or 8.2% in 2016. This increase was due to an increase in the average number of international stores open during 2016 as well as higher same store sales, and was offset in
part by the negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately $8.9 million in 2016 and the estimated $4.1 million positive impact in 2015 related to the inclusion of the 53 rd  week. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, same store sales increased 6.3% in 2016 compared to 2015.  
 Cost of sales / Operating margin.  The changes to the consolidated operating margin, which we define as revenues less cost of sales, are summarized in
the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Consolidated revenues 
    
 $ 
 2,472.6 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,216.5 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Consolidated cost of sales 
    
   
 1,704.9 
   
    
   
 69.0 
 %  
   
   
 1,533.4 
   
    
   
 69.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated operating margin 
    
 $ 
 767.7 
   
    
   
 31.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 683.1 
   
    
   
 30.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $84.6 million or 12.4% increase in consolidated operating margin was due primarily to higher domestic and
international franchise revenues and higher supply chain margins. The increase in the consolidated operating margin was offset in part by the estimated $16.6 million positive impact in 2015 related to the inclusion of the 53 rd  week. Franchise revenues do not have a cost of sales component, so changes in franchise revenues have a disproportionate effect on the consolidated operating margin.  
 As a percentage of total revenues, our consolidated operating margin increased 0.2 percentage points in 2016, due to higher supply chain margins as a
percentage of their revenues and a higher mix of franchise revenues. Lower Company-owned stores operating margins as a percentage of their revenues partially offset these increases. These changes are more fully described below.  
 Domestic Company-owned stores.  The changes to domestic Company-owned store operating margin, which do not include other store-level costs such as
royalties and advertising, are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 439.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 396.9 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 331.9 
   
    
   
 75.6 
 %  
   
   
 299.3 
   
    
   
 75.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Store operating margin 
    
 $ 
 107.2 
   
    
   
 24.4 
 %  
   
 $ 
 97.6 
   
    
   
 24.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $9.6 million or 9.8% increase in the domestic Company-owned store operating margin was due primarily to higher same
store sales. The estimated $3.1 million positive impact in 2015 related to the inclusion of the 53 rd  week partially offset this increase.  
 As a percentage of store revenues, the store operating margin decreased 0.2 percentage points in 2016, as discussed in more detail below.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Food costs increased 0.5 percentage points to 26.6% in 2016, due primarily to promotional activities. Lower overall commodity prices partially offset these increases.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Labor costs increased 0.3 percentage points to 28.8% in 2016, due primarily to an increase in labor rates in certain markets as well as higher performance based compensation and overtime as a result of increased same
store sales. The leveraging impact of higher same store sales partially offset these increases.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Insurance costs decreased 1.2 percentage points to 2.8% in 2016, due primarily to a $4.3 million insurance expense related to updated actuarial estimates for our casualty insurance program in the third quarter of
2015.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Transaction-related expenses increased 0.9 percentage points to 3.2% in 2016. This increase was primarily attributable to higher credit card-related expenses in certain markets in which we operate.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Delivery expenses decreased 0.4 percentage points to 3.4% in 2016, due primarily to lower fuel prices.  
      31  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Supply chain.  The changes to the supply chain operating margin are summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,383.2 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,373.1 
   
    
   
 88.9 
 %  
   
   
 1,234.1 
   
    
   
 89.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Supply chain operating margin 
    
 $ 
 171.3 
   
    
   
 11.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 149.1 
   
    
   
 10.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $22.2 million or 14.9% increase in the supply chain operating margin was due primarily to higher volumes from
increased store order counts. Lower insurance expenses also contributed to the increased operating margin, as the third quarter of 2015 contained a $1.4 million insurance charge related to the Company’s casualty insurance program. The
estimated $3.3 million positive impact in 2015 related to the inclusion of the 53 rd  week in 2015 partially offset the increase in operating margin.  
 As a percentage of supply chain revenues, the supply chain operating margin increased 0.3 percentage points in 2016 due to lower casualty and health insurance
expenses, higher volumes from store count growth and increased store order counts, as well as lower fuel costs. Increased labor costs partially offset these increases. Decreases in certain food prices have a positive effect on the supply chain
operating margin percentage due to the fixed dollar margin earned by supply chain on certain food items. Lower commodity prices decreased both revenues and costs by $3.0 million in fiscal 2016. Lower cheese prices did not have a material impact
in 2016; if our U.S. cheese prices for 2016 had been in effect during 2015, the supply chain operating margin as a percentage of supply chain revenues would have remained the same. The dollar margin would also have been unaffected.  
 General and administrative expenses.  General and administrative expenses increased $35.9 million or 12.9% in 2016. These increases were driven by
continued investments in technological initiatives and labor (primarily in  e-commerce,  information technology and international operations) as well as higher performance-driven expenses resulting from improved
operating performance and higher same store sales, including variable performance-based compensation and Company-owned store national advertising contributions. General and administrative expenses were positively impacted by the  non-recurrence  of an estimated $4.7 million of expenses from the inclusion of the 53 rd  week in 2015.  
 Interest income.  Interest income increased slightly to $0.7 million in 2016.  
 Interest expense.  Interest expense increased $10.5 million to $110.1 million in 2016. The increase was driven by a higher average debt
balance as a result of the 2015 Recapitalization and was offset in part by a lower cash borrowing rate.    Our weighted average borrowing rate decreased to
4.6% in fiscal 2016, from 5.1% in fiscal 2015. The decreases in the Company’s cash borrowing rate resulted from the lower interest rates on the debt issued as part of the 2015 recapitalization. Our average outstanding debt balance, excluding
capital lease obligations, was approximately $2.23 billion in 2016 and approximately $1.68 billion in 2015. The increase in the average outstanding debt balance was due to the issuance of debt in connection with the 2015 Recapitalization.
   Provision for income taxes.  Provision for income taxes increased $16.6 million to $130.0 million in 2016, due primarily to higher  pre-tax  income. The Company’s effective income tax rate increased by 0.7 percentage points to 37.7% of  pre-tax  income in 2016.  
 Liquidity and capital resources    Historically, we have
operated with minimal positive working capital or negative working capital, primarily because our receivable collection periods and inventory turn rates are faster than the normal payment terms on our current liabilities. We generally collect our
receivables within three weeks from the date of the related sale and we generally experience 35 to 45 inventory turns per year. In addition, our sales are not typically seasonal, which further limits our working capital requirements. These factors,
coupled with the use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, invest in our business, pay dividends and repurchase our common stock, reduce our working capital amounts. As of December 31, 2017, we had negative
working capital of $10.3 million, excluding restricted cash and cash equivalents of $191.8 million and including total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $35.8 million.  
 As of December 31, 2017, we had approximately $122.9 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents held for future principal and interest payments
and $32.1 million of restricted cash equivalents held in a three-month interest reserve as required by the related debt agreements, $36.7 million of cash held as collateral for outstanding letters of credit and $0.1 million of other
restricted cash, for a total of $191.8 million of restricted cash and cash equivalents.  
      32  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our primary source of liquidity is cash flows from operations and availability of borrowings under our variable
funding notes. In connection with the 2017 Recapitalization, the Company issued a new variable funding note facility which allows for advances of up to $175.0 million of Series  2017-1  Variable Funding
Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-1  Notes and certain other credit instruments, including letters of credit (the “2017 Variable Funding Notes”). The Variable Funding Notes were undrawn on the
closing date. The Company’s previous variable funding note facility was canceled.    As of December 31, 2017, we had $46.7 million of
outstanding letters of credit and $128.3 million of available borrowing capacity under our 2017 Variable Funding Notes. The letters of credit are primarily related to our casualty insurance programs and certain supply chain center leases.
Borrowings under the 2017 Variable Funding Notes are available to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and, subject to other limitations, other general corporate purposes including dividend payments.  
 2017 Recapitalization    On July 24, 2017, the Company
completed the 2017 Recapitalization in which certain of the Company’s subsidiaries issued new notes pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The new notes consist of $300.0 million Series  2017-1 
Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  with an anticipated term of five years (the “Floating Rate Notes”), $600.0 million Series  2017-1  3.082% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  with an anticipated term of five years (the “Five-year Fixed Rate
Notes”), and $1.0 billion Series  2017-1  4.118% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-III  with an anticipated
term of 10 years (the  “Ten-year  Fixed Rate Notes” and, collectively with the Floating Rate Notes and the Five-year Fixed Rate Notes, the “2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes”) in an offering
exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The interest rate on the Floating Rate Notes is payable at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 125 basis points. The 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and the 2017 Variable Funding Notes
are collectively referred to as the “2017 Notes”. Gross proceeds from the issuance of the 2017 Notes was $1.9 billion. Additional information related to the 2017 Recapitalization transaction is included in Note 4 to our consolidated
financial statements.    A portion of proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization was used to repay the remaining $910.5 million in outstanding principal
and interest under the outstanding Series  2012-1  5.216% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2  (the “2012 Fixed Rate Notes”),  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2017 Notes and pay transaction fees and expenses. In connection with the repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, the Company expensed approximately
$5.5 million for the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs associated with these notes. Additionally, in connection with the 2017 Recapitalization, the Company capitalized $16.8 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized
into interest expense over the five and  ten-year  expected terms of the 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes.    On
July 27, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.25 billion of the Company’s common stock. This repurchase program replaced the remaining availability of
approximately $136.4 million under the Company’s previously approved $250.0 million share repurchase program that was authorized by the Board on May 25, 2016. On August 2, 2017, the Company entered into a $1.0 billion
accelerated share repurchase agreement (the “2017 ASR Agreement”) with a counterparty. Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 ASR Agreement, on August 3, 2017, as part of its new $1.25 billion share repurchase authorization, the
Company used a portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization to pay the counterparty $1.0 billion in cash and received 4,558,863 shares of the Company’s common stock. Final settlement of the 2017 ASR Agreement occurred on
October 11, 2017. In connection with the 2017 ASR Agreement, the Company received and retired a total of 5,218,670 shares of its common stock at an average price of $191.62.  
 2015 Recapitalization    The Company also entered into a
recapitalization transaction in 2015, in which certain of our subsidiaries, among other things, replaced $551.3 million of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes and its 2012 variable funding notes with new notes (the “2015 Fixed Rate Notes”)
issued pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The 2015 Fixed Rate Notes consist of $500.0 million of Series  2015-1  3.484% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  (the “2015 Five-Year Notes”), $800.0 million Series  2015-1  4.474% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  (the “2015  Ten-Year  Notes”) and $125.0 million of Series  2015-1  Variable Funding Senior Secured
Notes,  Class A-1  (the “2015 Variable Funding Notes”). The “2015 Fixed Rate Notes” and the “2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes” are collectively referred to as the “2015
and 2017 Notes.” Additional information related to the 2015 Recapitalization transaction is included in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.  
      33  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company used a portion of proceeds to make an optional
prepayment of approximately $551.3 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, at par, pay scheduled principal  catch-up  amounts on the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, make an interest
reserve deposit,  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes and pay transaction fees and expenses. In connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company
recorded $17.4 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the five and  ten-year  expected terms of the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes. Additionally, in connection with the
2015 Recapitalization, the Company wrote off approximately $6.9 million of these costs in connection with the extinguishment of $551.3 million of previous fixed rate notes. Further, in connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company
incurred approximately $8.1 million of net expenses.    On October 23, 2015, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a new share
repurchase program to repurchase up to $800.0 million of the Company’s common stock. On October 27, 2015, the Company entered into a $600.0 million accelerated share repurchase agreement (the “2015 ASR Agreement”) with
a counterparty. Pursuant to the terms of the 2015 ASR Agreement, on October 30, 2015, the Company used a portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization to pay the counterparty $600.0 million in cash and received approximately
4,858,994 shares of the Company’s common stock. During the first quarter of 2016, the Company received and retired 456,936 shares of its common stock in connection with the final settlement of the 2015 ASR Agreement.  
 2015 and 2017 Notes    The 2015 and 2017 Notes have
scheduled principal payments of $32.0 million in each of 2018 and 2019, $509.5 million in 2020, $27.0 million in 2021, $879.8 million in 2022, $18.0 million in each of 2023 and 2024, $742.0 million in 2025,
$10.0 million in 2026, and $907.5 million in 2027. However, in accordance with our debt agreements, the payment of principal on the outstanding senior notes shall be suspended if the leverage ratio for the Company is less than or equal to
5.0x total debt, as defined, to adjusted EBITDA, as defined, and no  catch-up  provisions are applicable.    The 2015
and 2017 Notes are subject to certain financial and  non-financial  covenants, including a debt service coverage calculation, as defined in the related agreements. In the event that certain covenants are not
met, the 2015 and 2017 Notes may become due and payable on an accelerated schedule.    Under the provisions of the Company’s previously existing debt
agreements, during the first and second quarters of 2017, the Company met the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x and accordingly, did not make previously scheduled debt amortization payments in accordance with the debt agreements. Subsequent
to the 2017 Recapitalization, the Company’s leverage ratios exceeded the new maximum leverage ratio of 5.0x and, accordingly, the Company began making the scheduled amortization payments.  
 Share Repurchase Programs    The Company’s open market
share repurchase programs have historically been funded by excess cash flows. The Company used cash of approximately $1.06 billion in 2017, $300.3 million in 2016 and $738.6 million in 2015 for share repurchases. The Company had
approximately $198.5 million left under its $1.25 billion authorization as of December 31, 2017. The Company’s Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to $750.0 million of the
Company’s common stock on February 14, 2018. This repurchase program replaces the remaining availability of approximately $198.5 million under its previously approved $1.25 billion share repurchase program.  
 Capital Expenditures    In the past three years, we have
invested approximately $214.2 million in capital expenditures. In 2017, we invested $90.3 million in capital expenditures which primarily related to investments in our supply chain centers, our proprietary internally developed  point-of-sale  system (Domino’s PULSE), our digital ordering platform, new Company-owned stores, our internal enterprise systems, reimaging our existing Company-owned
stores and other technology initiatives. We did not have any material commitments for capital expenditures as of December 31, 2017.  
      34  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table illustrates the main components of our cash flows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   (In millions) 
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
    
 January 1, 2017 
   
    
 January 3, 2016 
   


 
   Cash Flows Provided By (Used In) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 339.0 
   
    
 $ 
 287.3 
   
    
 $ 
 291.8 
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (149.0 
 )  
    
   
 (0.8 
 )  
    
   
 (109.3 
 )  
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (197.1 
 )  
    
   
 (375.8 
 )  
    
   
 (80.9 
 )  
 
   Exchange rate changes 
    
   
 0.1 
   
    
   
 (1.3 
 )  
    
   
 1.0 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 (7.0 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (90.6 
 )  
    
 $ 
 102.6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Operating Activities  
 Cash provided by operating activities increased $51.7 million in 2017 from 2016, primarily due to an increase in net income of $63.2 million. Net
income in 2017 included a $27.2 million benefit from the adoption of ASU  2016-09,  which requires tax benefits on equity-based compensation to be recorded as a reduction to the provision from income taxes
in net income and as a component of cash provided by operating activities. In 2016, these tax benefits were recorded directly to stockholders’ deficit and as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows. Cash provided by operating
activities was also positively impacted by an increase in  non-cash  amounts of $18.1 million. These increases were offset in part by the negative impact of changes in operating assets and liabilities of
$29.6 million, primarily related to the timing of payments on accounts payable and accrued liabilities during 2017 as compared to 2016.    Cash
provided by operating activities decreased $4.5 million in 2016 from 2015, primarily due to the negative impact of changes in operating assets and liabilities of $23.7 million resulting from the timing of payments for accounts payable and
accrued liabilities in 2016 as compared to 2015. This decrease was offset in part by an increase in net income of $21.9 million.    We are focused on
continually improving our net income and cash flow from operations and management expects to continue to generate positive cash flows from operating activities for the foreseeable future.  
 Investing Activities    During fiscal 2017, cash used in
investing activities was $149.0 million, which consisted primarily of $90.0 million of capital expenditures (driven by investments in our technological initiatives, supply chain centers and Company-owned stores) and the increase in
restricted cash and cash equivalents of $65.3 million. These uses of cash were offset in part by the proceeds from the sale of assets of $6.8 million.  
 During fiscal 2016, cash used in investing activities was $0.8 million, which consisted primarily of $58.6 million of capital expenditures (driven
by investments related to the reimaging of our existing Company-owned stores and investments in our supply chain centers and training facilities, our proprietary internally developed
 point-of-sale  system, our digital ordering platform, our internal enterprise systems and other technology initiatives), offset in part by the decrease in restricted cash
and cash equivalents of $54.4 million and by proceeds from the sale of assets of $4.9 million.    During fiscal 2015, cash used in investing
activities was $109.3 million, which consisted primarily of $63.3 million of capital expenditures (driven by investments related to the reimaging of our existing Company-owned stores and investments in our supply chain centers and training
facilities, our proprietary internally developed  point-of-sale  system, our digital ordering platform, our internal enterprise systems and other technology initiatives),
increases in restricted cash and cash equivalents of $60.0 million, and offset by proceeds from the sale of assets of $12.7 million.  
 Financing Activities    During fiscal 2017, cash used in
financing activities was $197.1 million. We issued $1.9 billion of debt in connection with our 2017 Recapitalization, which was offset by purchases of common stock of $1.06 billion, repayments of long-term debt of $928.2 million
(of which, $910.2 million was repayment of the remaining 2012 Fixed Rate Notes using a portion of the proceeds received from the 2017 Recapitalization), funding dividend payments to our shareholders of $84.3 million, and cash paid for
financing costs related to our 2017 Recapitalization of $16.8 million. We also made $9.4 million in tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting and received proceeds of $6.1 million from the exercise of stock options.  
 During fiscal 2016, cash used in financing activities was $375.8 million. Purchases of common stock totaled $300.3 million, repayments of long-term
debt and capital lease obligations totaled $122.3 million, and funding dividend payments to our shareholders totaled $73.9 million. The net tax impact of equity-based compensation was $42.5 million, proceeds from issuance of debt
(from our draws on our variable funding note facility) totaled $63.0 million, and proceeds from the exercise of stock options totaled $15.2 million.  
      35  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During fiscal 2015, cash used in financing activities was $80.9 million. In fiscal 2015, we issued
$1.3 billion of debt in connection with our 2015 Recapitalization, which was offset by the purchases of common stock of $738.6 million, repayments of long-term debt of $564.4 million (of which, $551.3 million was an optional
prepayment on our 2012 Fixed Rate Notes using a portion of the proceeds received from the 2015 Recapitalization), funding dividend payments to our shareholders of $80.3 million, and cash paid for financing costs related to our 2015
Recapitalization of $17.4 million. The net tax impact of equity-based compensation of $10.3 million increased cash from financing activities in fiscal 2015.  
 Our ability to continue to fund these items and continue to reduce debt could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any of the events described in Item
1A. Risk Factors. There can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available under the 2017 Variable Funding Notes or otherwise to enable us to service our
indebtedness, or to make anticipated capital expenditures. Our future operating performance and our ability to service, extend or refinance the Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and to service, extend or refinance the 2017 Variable Funding Notes will be
subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.    Impact of inflation  
 Inflation did not have a material impact on our operations in 2017, 2016 or 2015. Severe increases in inflation, however, could affect the global and U.S.
economies and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further discussion on the impact of commodities and other cost pressures is included above as well as in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk.    New accounting pronouncements  
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards    In March 2016, the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU  2016-09,   Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (ASU  2016-09).  ASU  2016-09  is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification on the
statement of cash flows and forfeitures. The new standard was effective for the Company beginning January 2, 2017.    As a result, excess tax benefits
or deficiencies from equity-based compensation activity are reflected in the consolidated statements of income as a component of the provision for income taxes, whereas they previously were recognized in the consolidated statement of
stockholders’ deficit. The Company also elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than to use an estimate of expected forfeitures for financial statement reporting purposes. The adoption of ASU
 2016-09  resulted in a decrease in our provision for income taxes of $27.2 million in fiscal 2017, primarily due to the recognition of excess tax benefits for options exercised and the vesting of equity
awards. The Company’s election to account for forfeitures as they occur had an immaterial impact on its equity-based compensation expense.    The
Company adopted the cash flow presentation prospectively, and accordingly, excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation of $27.2 million in fiscal 2017 are presented as an operating activity, while $48.1 million and
$17.8 million of excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, are presented as a financing activity. The presentation requirements for cash flows related to taxes paid for restricted stock
upon vesting had no impact on our consolidated statements of cash flows for any of the periods presented because such cash flows have historically been presented as a financing activity.  
 Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted    The Company has
considered all new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB and concluded the following accounting pronouncements may have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, or represent accounting pronouncements for which the Company
has not yet completed its assessment.    In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  2014-09, 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , or Accounting Standards Codification 606 (“ASC 606”). This guidance outlines a single, comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with
customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance issued by the FASB, including industry specific guidance. Under the new revenue recognition standard, entities apply a five-step model that depicts the transfer of promised goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Specifically, companies identify the performance obligations within their contracts with
customers, allocate the transaction price received from customers to each performance obligation  
      36  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
identified within their contracts, and recognize revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied. During 2015, 2016, and 2017, the FASB issued various amendments which provide additional
clarification and implementation guidance on ASC 606. Specifically, these amendments clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control principle to
certain types of arrangements, clarify how an entity should identify performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance, as well as account for shipping and handling fees and freight service, assess collectability, present sales tax,
treat  non-cash  consideration, and account for completed and modified contracts at the time of transition. The new guidance requires enhanced disclosures, including revenue recognition policies to identify
performance obligations to customers and significant judgments in measurement and recognition. The effective date and transition requirements for ASC 606 and amendments is for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those years, beginning after
December 15, 2017, and the Company will adopt this guidance using the modified retrospective approach effective January 1, 2018.    The Company
has substantially completed its assessment of ASC 606, and the adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on its recognition of sales from Company-owned stores, ongoing royalty fees which are based on a percentage of
franchise sales, revenues from its supply chain centers, development fees or technology fees.    The Company has determined that the store opening fees
received from international franchisees do not contain separate and distinct performance obligations from the franchise right and those upfront fees will therefore be recognized as revenue over the term of each respective franchise agreement.
Currently, we recognize such fees as revenue when received. The Company does not expect this to have a material impact on its international franchise revenues. However, an adjustment to beginning retained earnings and a corresponding contract
liability of approximately $15 million will be established on the date of adoption associated with the fees received through December 31, 2017 that would have been deferred and recognized over the term of each respective franchise
agreement if the new guidance had been applied in the past.    The Company has also determined that ASC 606 requires a gross presentation on the
consolidated statement of income for franchisee contributions received by and related expenses of Domino’s National Advertising Fund Inc. (“DNAF”), our consolidated
 not-for-profit  subsidiary. DNAF exists solely for the purpose of promoting the Domino’s Pizza brand in the U.S. The Company currently presents the restricted assets
and liabilities of DNAF in its consolidated balance sheets and, under existing accounting guidance, has determined that it acts as an agent for accounting purposes with regard to franchise store contributions and disbursements. As a result, the
Company currently presents the activities of DNAF net in its statements of income. Under ASC 606, the Company has determined that there are not separate performance obligations associated with the franchise advertising contributions received by DNAF
and as a result, these franchise contributions and the related expenses will be presented gross in the Company’s consolidated statement of income. The Company expects this change to have a material impact on its total revenues and expenses
beginning in fiscal 2018. However, as the amount of revenues to be recorded is directly tied to future franchise retail sales and advertising contribution rates, the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the impact. If this guidance were in
effect in fiscal 2017, the Company would have reported incremental franchise advertising revenues and expenses of approximately $324 million in its consolidated statement of income. While this change will materially impact the gross amount of
reported franchise revenues and expenses, the impact will generally be an offsetting increase to both revenues and expenses such that the impact on income from operations and net income, if any, would not be material. We will also present the
activity associated with DNAF on a gross basis in the statement of cash flows beginning in fiscal 2018.    In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842) . ASU  2016-02  requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for leases with lease terms greater than 12 months.
ASU  2016-02  is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. Based on a preliminary assessment, the Company
expects the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its assets and liabilities due to the recognition of  right-of-use  assets and lease liabilities on its
consolidated balance sheets at the beginning of the earliest period presented. The Company is continuing its assessment, which may identify additional impacts this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. Our
current minimum lease commitments are disclosed in Note 5.    In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-04, 
 Liabilities – Extinguishment of Liabilities (Subtopic  405-20):  Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products . ASU  2016-04  aligns
recognition of the financial liabilities related to prepaid stored-value products (for example, gift cards) with Topic 606,  Revenues from Contracts with Customers , for  non-financial  liabilities. In
general, these liabilities may be extinguished proportionately in earnings as redemptions occur, or when redemption is remote if issuers are not entitled to the unredeemed stored value. ASU  2016-04  is
effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to adopt this guidance effective January 1, 2018 in connection with our adoption of
ASC 606 and does not expect it to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
      37  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-13,   Measurement of Credit
Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU  2016-13  requires companies to measure credit losses utilizing a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires a consideration of a broader range of
reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. ASU  2016-13  is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including those interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting this standard, but based on a preliminary assessment, does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
 In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-18,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash  (ASU  2016-18),  which requires that restricted cash and cash equivalents be included as components of total cash and cash equivalents as presented on the statement of cash flows. ASU
 2016-18  is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 and a retrospective transition method is required. The Company currently presents changes
in restricted cash and cash equivalents in the investing section of its consolidated statement of cash flows. The new guidance will not impact financial results, but will result in a change in the presentation of restricted cash and restricted cash
equivalents within the statement of cash flows. The Company currently plans to adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2018 using the retrospective approach.  
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-04 , Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (Topic 35): Simplifying the
Test for Goodwill Impairment , or ASU  2017-04.  ASU  2017-04  simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating “Step 2” from the goodwill
impairment test. ASU  2017-04  is effective for public companies’ annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for annual
goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting this standard, but based on a preliminary assessment, does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a
material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    Contractual obligations  
 The following is a summary of our significant contractual obligations at December 31, 2017.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 2018 
   
    
 2019 
   
    
 2020 
   
    
 2021 
   
    
 2022 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Long-term debt (1): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Principal 
    
 $ 
 32.0 
   
    
 $ 
 32.0 
   
    
 $ 
 509.5 
   
    
 $ 
 27.0 
   
    
 $ 
 879.8 
   
    
 $ 
 1,695.5 
   
    
 $ 
 3,175.8 
   
 
   Interest (2) 
    
   
 120.1 
   
    
   
 119.0 
   
    
   
 116.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
   
    
   
 87.5 
   
    
   
 266.6 
   
    
   
 809.5 
   
 
   Capital leases (3) 
    
   
 0.8 
   
    
   
 0.8 
   
    
   
 0.8 
   
    
   
 0.8 
   
    
   
 0.8 
   
    
   
 4.3 
   
    
   
 8.5 
   
 
   Operating leases (4) 
    
   
 45.1 
   
    
   
 40.3 
   
    
   
 35.1 
   
    
   
 31.3 
   
    
   
 26.7 
   
    
   
 59.0 
   
    
   
 237.4 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 We have outstanding long-term secured notes with varying maturities. For additional information, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under “Part II – Item 8 – Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data.”  
 
 
 (2) 
 Represents interest payments on our 2015 and 2017 Notes and 2017 Variable Funding Notes. The interest rate on the 2017 Variable Funding Notes will be payable at a per year rate equal to LIBOR plus 150 basis points.
 
 
 
 (3) 
 The principal portion of the capital lease obligation amounts above, which totaled $5.4 million at December 31, 2017, are classified as debt in our consolidated financial statements.  
 
 
 (4) 
 We lease certain retail store and supply chain center locations, supply chain vehicles, various equipment and our World Resource Center under leases with expiration dates through 2033.  
 Liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $1.8 million are excluded from the above table, as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of
the amount and period of payment. For additional information on unrecognized tax benefits see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form  10-K.   
 Off-balance  sheet arrangements  
 We are party to letters of credit and, to a lesser extent, financial guarantees with  off-balance  sheet risk. Our
exposure to credit loss for letters of credit and financial guarantees is represented by the contractual amounts of these instruments. Total conditional commitments under letters of credit as of December 31, 2017 were approximately
$46.7 million and relate to our insurance programs and supply chain center leases. The Company has guaranteed lease payments related to certain franchisees’ lease arrangements. The maximum amount of potential future payments under these
guarantees is $1.5 million as of December 31, 2017. We believe that none of these arrangements has or is likely to have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, revenues or expenses, capital expenditures or
liquidity.  
      38  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995  
 This Annual Report on Form  10-K  includes various forward-looking statements about the Company within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Act”) that are based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. The following cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the provisions of the Act and with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the “safe harbor” provisions of the
Act.    These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as “anticipate,” “believe,”
“could,” “should,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “will,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “seek,” “approximately,”
“potential,” “outlook” and similar terms and phrases that concern our strategy, plans or intentions, including references to assumptions. These forward-looking statements address various matters including information concerning
future results of operations and business strategy, the expected demand for future pizza delivery, our expectation that we will meet the terms of our agreement with our third-party supplier of pizza cheese, our belief that alternative third-party
suppliers are available for our key ingredients in the event we are required to replace any of our supply partners, our intention to continue to enhance and grow online ordering, digital marketing and technological capabilities, our expectation that
there will be no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities, our plans to expand domestic and international operations in many of the markets where we currently operate and in selected new markets, our expectation that the
contribution rate for advertising fees payable to DNAF will remain in place for the foreseeable future, and our expectation that we will use our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, ongoing cash flows from operations and available borrowings
under the 2017 Variable Funding Notes to, among other things, fund working capital requirements, invest in our core business, pay dividends and repurchase our common stock.  
 Forward-looking statements relating to our anticipated profitability, estimates in same store sales growth, the growth of our domestic and international
business, ability to service our indebtedness, our future cash flows, our operating performance, trends in our business and other descriptions of future events reflect management’s expectations based upon currently available information and
data. While we believe these expectations and projections are based on reasonable assumptions, such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including the risk factors listed under Item 1A.
Risk Factors, as well as other cautionary language in this Form  10-K.     Actual results may differ materially from
those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to, the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our substantial increased indebtedness as a result of the 2015 Recapitalization and the 2017 Recapitalization and our ability to incur additional indebtedness or refinance that indebtedness in the future;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our future financial performance and our ability to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the effectiveness of our advertising, operations and promotional initiatives;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the strength of our brand, including our ability to compete domestically and internationally in our intensely competitive industry;      

 
 
   
 • 
   
 new product, digital ordering and concept developments by us, and other food-industry competitors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability to maintain good relationships with our franchisees and their ongoing level of profitability;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability to successfully implement cost-saving strategies;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability and that of our franchisees to successfully operate in the current and future credit environment;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in the level of consumer spending given general economic conditions, including interest rates, energy prices and consumer confidence;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability and that of our franchisees to open new restaurants and keep existing restaurants in operation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in operating expenses resulting from changes in prices of food (particularly cheese), fuel and other commodity costs, labor, utilities, insurance, employee benefits and other operating costs;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the impact that widespread illness or general health concerns, severe weather conditions and natural disasters may have on our business and the economies of the countries where we operate;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability to retain or replace our executive officers and other key members of management and our ability to adequately staff our stores and supply chain centers with qualified personnel;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability to find and/or retain suitable real estate for our stores and supply chain centers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in government legislation or regulation, including changes in our effective tax rate;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 adverse legal judgments or settlements;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 food-borne illness or contamination of products;  
      39  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
 data breaches or other cyber risks;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the effect of war, terrorism or catastrophic events;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability to pay dividends and repurchase shares;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in consumer taste, spending and traffic patterns and demographic trends;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in accounting policies; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 adequacy of our insurance coverage.    In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the
forward-looking events discussed in this Annual Report on Form  10-K  might not occur. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form  10-K  and
should be evaluated with an understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Except as required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we will not undertake and specifically decline any
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this Form  10-K,  whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise.    Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this Form
 10-K  or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by, or on behalf of, us. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements.  
   
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    Market risk  
 We do not engage in speculative transactions nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In connection with the 2017 Recapitalization,
we issued fixed and floating rate notes and, at December 31, 2017, we are exposed to interest rate risk on borrowings under our 2017 Floating Rate Notes and our 2017 Variable Funding Notes. As of December 31, 2017, we had no outstanding
borrowings under our 2017 Variable Funding Notes. Our fixed rate debt exposes the Company to changes in market interest rates reflected in the fair value of the debt and to the risk that the Company may need to refinance maturing debt with new debt
at a higher rate.    We are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices. During the normal course of business, we purchase cheese and certain
other food products that are affected by changes in commodity prices and, as a result, we are subject to volatility in our food costs. We may periodically enter into financial instruments to manage this risk. We do not engage in speculative
transactions nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In instances when we use fixed pricing agreements with our suppliers, these agreements cover our physical commodity needs, are not
 net-settled  and are accounted for as normal purchases.    Foreign currency exchange rate risk  
 We have exposure to various foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for revenues generated by our operations outside the United States, which can adversely
impact our net income and cash flows. Approximately 7.4% of our total revenues in 2017, 7.2% of our total revenues in 2016 and 7.4% of our total revenues in 2015 were derived from our international franchise segment, a majority of which were
denominated in foreign currencies. We also operate dough manufacturing and distribution facilities in Canada, which generate revenues denominated in Canadian dollars. We do not enter into financial instruments to manage this foreign currency
exchange risk. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the foreign currency rates for our international markets would have resulted in a negative impact on royalty revenues of approximately $17.9 million in 2017.  
      40  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.     Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm    To   the Stockholders and Board of Directors  
 of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.:    Opinions on the Financial
Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.
and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017,   and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2017, including the related notes, the schedule of condensed financial information of the registrant as of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017 and for the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 appearing
under Item 16, and the schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 appearing under Item 16 (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). 
 We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).    In our opinion, the consolidated   financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2017 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based on criteria
established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the COSO.    Change in Accounting Principle  
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for share-based compensation in 2017.
   Basis for Opinions    The Company’s
management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to
error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.    Our audits of the consolidated
financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included
examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.  
      41  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP    Detroit, Michigan  
 February 20, 2018    We have served as the Company’s
auditor since 2002.       
      42  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   CURRENT ASSETS: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 35,768 
   
   
 $ 
 42,815 
   
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 191,762 
   
   
   
 126,496 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net of reserves of $1,424 in 2017 and $2,342 in 2016 
    
   
 173,677 
   
   
   
 150,369 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 39,961 
   
   
   
 40,181 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 18,389 
   
   
   
 17,635 
   
 
   Advertising fund assets, restricted 
    
   
 120,223 
   
   
   
 118,377 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 579,780 
   
   
   
 495,873 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Land and buildings 
    
   
 29,171 
   
   
   
 29,129 
   
 
   Leasehold and other improvements 
    
   
 128,613 
   
   
   
 120,726 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 216,599 
   
   
   
 201,827 
   
 
   Construction in progress 
    
   
 32,482 
   
   
   
 7,816 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 406,865 
   
   
   
 359,498 
   
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (237,279 
 )  
   
   
 (220,964 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 169,586 
   
   
   
 138,534 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   OTHER ASSETS: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments in marketable securities, restricted 
    
   
 8,119 
   
   
   
 7,260 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 15,423 
   
   
   
 16,058 
   
 
   Capitalized software, net of accumulated amortization of $78,696 in 2017 and $68,727 in
2016 
    
   
 52,823 
   
   
   
 40,256 
   
 
   Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $776 in 2017 and $776 in 2016 
    
   
 8,272 
   
   
   
 9,379 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 2,750 
   
   
   
 8,935 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
   
 87,387 
   
   
   
 81,888 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 836,753 
   
   
 $ 
 716,295 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated statements.        43  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (Continued)    (In thousands, except
share and per share amounts)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   


 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   CURRENT LIABILITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 32,324 
   
   
 $ 
 38,887 
   
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 106,894 
   
   
   
 111,510 
   
 
   Accrued compensation 
    
   
 37,417 
   
   
   
 42,089 
   
 
   Accrued interest 
    
   
 22,095 
   
   
   
 18,826 
   
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
   
 20,754 
   
   
   
 16,742 
   
 
   Advertising fund liabilities 
    
   
 120,223 
   
   
   
 118,377 
   
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 58,578 
   
   
   
 57,267 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 398,285 
   
   
   
 403,698 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt, less current portion 
    
   
 3,121,490 
   
   
   
 2,148,990 
   
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
   
 30,611 
   
   
   
 27,141 
   
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 21,751 
   
   
   
 19,609 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term liabilities 
    
   
 3,173,852 
   
   
   
 2,195,740 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 3,572,137 
   
   
   
 2,599,438 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 170,000,000 shares authorized; 42,898,329 in 2017 and
48,100,143 in 2016 issued and outstanding 
    
   
 429 
   
   
   
 481 
   
 
   Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 5,654 
   
   
   
 1,006 
   
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (2,739,437 
 )  
   
   
 (1,881,520 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (2,030 
 )  
   
   
 (3,110 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (2,735,384 
 )  
   
   
 (1,883,143 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 $ 
 836,753 
   
   
 $ 
 716,295 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      44  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   
   
 January 3, 2016 
   


 
   REVENUES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 490,846 
   
   
 $ 
 439,024 
   
   
 $ 
 396,916 
   
 
   Domestic franchise 
    
   
 351,387 
   
   
   
 312,260 
   
   
   
 272,808 
   
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,739,038 
   
   
   
 1,544,345 
   
   
   
 1,383,161 
   
 
   International franchise 
    
   
 206,708 
   
   
   
 176,999 
   
   
   
 163,643 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 2,787,979 
   
   
   
 2,472,628 
   
   
   
 2,216,528 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   COST OF SALES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Domestic Company-owned stores 
    
   
 377,674 
   
   
   
 331,860 
   
   
   
 299,294 
   
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,544,314 
   
   
   
 1,373,077 
   
   
   
 1,234,103 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total cost of sales 
    
   
 1,921,988 
   
   
   
 1,704,937 
   
   
   
 1,533,397 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   OPERATING MARGIN 
    
   
 865,991 
   
   
   
 767,691 
   
   
   
 683,131 
   
 
   GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE 
    
   
 344,759 
   
   
   
 313,649 
   
   
   
 277,692 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
    
   
 521,232 
   
   
   
 454,042 
   
   
   
 405,439 
   
 
   INTEREST INCOME 
    
   
 1,462 
   
   
   
 685 
   
   
   
 313 
   
 
   INTEREST EXPENSE 
    
   
 (122,541 
 )  
   
   
 (110,069 
 )  
   
   
 (99,537 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 400,153 
   
   
   
 344,658 
   
   
   
 306,215 
   
 
   PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 122,248 
   
   
   
 129,980 
   
   
   
 113,426 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   NET INCOME 
    
 $ 
 277,905 
   
   
 $ 
 214,678 
   
   
 $ 
 192,789 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EARNINGS PER SHARE: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 6.05 
   
   
 $ 
 4.41 
   
   
 $ 
 3.58 
   
 
   Common Stock – diluted 
    
 $ 
 5.83 
   
   
 $ 
 4.30 
   
   
 $ 
 3.47 
   
 
   DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER SHARE 
    
 $ 
 1.84 
   
   
 $ 
 1.52 
   
   
 $ 
 1.24 
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      45  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
    
 January 1, 2017 
   
   
 January 3, 2016 
   


 
   NET INCOME 
    
 $ 
 277,905 
   
    
 $ 
 214,678 
   
   
 $ 
 192,789 
   
 
   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), BEFORE TAX: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 1,080 
   
    
   
 (94 
 )  
   
   
 (2,076 
 )  
 
   TAX ATTRIBUTES OF ITEMS IN OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 532 
   
   
   
 1,189 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), NET OF TAX 
    
   
 1,080 
   
    
   
 438 
   
   
   
 (887 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
 $ 
 278,985 
   
    
 $ 
 215,116 
   
   
 $ 
 191,902 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      46  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT  
 (In thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Retained Deficit 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
   
   


 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 28, 2014 
    
   
 55,553,149 
   
   
 $ 
 556 
   
   
 $ 
 29,561 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,246,921 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,661 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 192,789 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (66,524 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 78,891 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (69,334 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (7,430 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (6,152,918 
 )  
   
   
 (62 
 )  
   
   
 (55,008 
 )  
   
   
 (683,487 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Exercises of stock options 
    
   
 428,433 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 4,810 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Tax impact from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 17,775 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 17,623 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (389 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (887 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BALANCE AT JANUARY 3, 2016 
    
   
 49,838,221 
   
   
   
 498 
   
   
   
 6,942 
   
   
   
 (1,804,143 
 )  
   
   
 (3,548 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 214,678 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (73,958 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 80,267 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (47,277 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (5,646 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (2,816,716 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 (82,125 
 )  
   
   
 (218,097 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Exercises of stock options 
    
   
 1,045,648 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 15,224 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Tax impact from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 48,129 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 18,564 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (82 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 438 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BALANCE AT JANUARY 1, 2017 
    
   
 48,100,143 
   
   
   
 481 
   
   
   
 1,006 
   
   
   
 (1,881,520 
 )  
   
   
 (3,110 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 277,905 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (84,215 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 65,669 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (49,159 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (9,448 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (5,576,249 
 )  
   
   
 (56 
 )  
   
   
 (12,590 
 )  
   
   
 (1,051,607 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Exercises of stock options 
    
   
 357,925 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 6,095 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 20,713 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (122 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 1,080 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2017 
    
   
 42,898,329 
   
   
 $ 
 429 
   
   
 $ 
 5,654 
   
   
 $ 
 (2,739,437 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,030 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      47  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   
   
 January 3, 2016 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 277,905 
   
   
 $ 
 214,678 
   
   
 $ 
 192,789 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities- 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 44,369 
   
   
   
 38,140 
   
   
   
 32,434 
   
 
   (Gains) losses on sale/disposal of assets 
    
   
 (3,148 
 )  
   
   
 863 
   
   
   
 316 
   
 
   Benefit for losses on accounts and notes receivable 
    
   
 (277 
 )  
   
   
 (224 
 )  
   
   
 (1,084 
 )  
 
   Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes 
    
   
 6,160 
   
   
   
 (3,059 
 )  
   
   
 1,713 
   
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs 
    
   
 10,976 
   
   
   
 6,418 
   
   
   
 12,393 
   
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 20,713 
   
   
   
 18,564 
   
   
   
 17,623 
   
 
   Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 (27,227 
 )  
   
   
 (48,129 
 )  
   
   
 (17,775 
 )  
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities- 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase in accounts receivable 
    
   
 (22,649 
 )  
   
   
 (18,724 
 )  
   
   
 (13,678 
 )  
 
   Decrease (increase) in inventories, prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 1,527 
   
   
   
 (2,947 
 )  
   
   
 (2,262 
 )  
 
   Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 22,267 
   
   
   
 78,929 
   
   
   
 69,032 
   
 
   Increase in insurance reserves 
    
   
 8,420 
   
   
   
 2,764 
   
   
   
 285 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 339,036 
   
   
   
 287,273 
   
   
   
 291,786 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 (90,011 
 )  
   
   
 (58,555 
 )  
   
   
 (63,282 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of assets 
    
   
 6,835 
   
   
   
 4,936 
   
   
   
 12,724 
   
 
   Change in restricted cash 
    
   
 (65,266 
 )  
   
   
 54,444 
   
   
   
 (59,986 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (562 
 )  
   
   
 (1,661 
 )  
   
   
 1,252 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (149,004 
 )  
   
   
 (836 
 )  
   
   
 (109,292 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 1,900,000 
   
   
   
 63,000 
   
   
   
 1,305,000 
   
 
   Repayments of long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
    
   
 (928,193 
 )  
   
   
 (122,334 
 )  
   
   
 (564,403 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercises of stock options 
    
   
 6,099 
   
   
   
 15,234 
   
   
   
 4,814 
   
 
   Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 48,129 
   
   
   
 17,775 
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (1,064,253 
 )  
   
   
 (300,250 
 )  
   
   
 (738,557 
 )  
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (9,449 
 )  
   
   
 (5,646 
 )  
   
   
 (7,431 
 )  
 
   Payments of common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 (84,298 
 )  
   
   
 (73,925 
 )  
   
   
 (80,329 
 )  
 
   Cash paid for financing costs 
    
   
 (16,846 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (17,367 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (205 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (438 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (197,145 
 )  
   
   
 (375,792 
 )  
   
   
 (80,936 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 66 
   
   
   
 (1,279 
 )  
   
   
 1,036 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 (7,047 
 )  
   
   
 (90,634 
 )  
   
   
 102,594 
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
    
   
 42,815 
   
   
   
 133,449 
   
   
   
 30,855 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
    
 $ 
 35,768 
   
   
 $ 
 42,815 
   
   
 $ 
 133,449 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.     
      48  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 
 
 (1) 
 DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    Description of
Business     Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (“DPI”), a Delaware corporation, conducts its operations and derives substantially all
of its operating income and cash flows through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Domino’s, Inc. (“Domino’s”) and Domino’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Domino’s Pizza LLC (“DPLLC”). DPI and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
(collectively, “the Company”) are primarily engaged in the following business activities: (i) retail sales of food through Company-owned Domino’s Pizza stores; (ii) sales of food, equipment and supplies to Company-owned and
franchised Domino’s Pizza stores through Company-owned supply chain centers; and (iii) receipt of royalties and fees from domestic and international Domino’s Pizza franchisees.  
 Principles of Consolidation   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DPI and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated.    Fiscal Year   
 The Company’s fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. The 2017 fiscal year ended on December 31, 2017, the 2016
fiscal year ended on January 1, 2017 and the 2015 fiscal year ended on January 3, 2016. The 2017 and 2016 fiscal years consisted of  fifty-two  weeks and the 2015 fiscal year consisted of fifty-three
weeks.    Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. These
investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.    Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents   
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2017 includes $122.9 million of cash and cash equivalents held for future
principal and interest payments, $32.1 million of cash equivalents held in a three-month interest reserve, $36.7 million of cash held as collateral for outstanding letters of credit and $0.1 million of other restricted cash.  
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents at January 1, 2017 includes $99.8 million of cash and cash equivalents held for future
principal and interest payments and $26.7 million of cash equivalents held in a three-month interest reserve.    Inventories 
   Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (on a  first-in, 
 first-out  basis) or net realizable value. Inventories at December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017 are comprised of the following (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Food 
    
 $ 
 36,645 
   
    
 $ 
 36,644 
   
 
   Equipment and supplies 
    
   
 3,316 
   
    
   
 3,537 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Inventories 
    
 $ 
 39,961 
   
    
 $ 
 40,181 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Other Assets   
 Current and long-term other assets primarily include prepaid expenses such as insurance, rent and taxes, deposits, notes receivable, as well
as covenants  not-to-compete  and other intangible assets primarily arising from franchise acquisitions. As of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017, all
intangible assets with useful lives were fully amortized.  
      49  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Property, Plant and Equipment   
 Additions to property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.   Depreciation
and amortization expense is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Estimated useful lives, other than the estimated useful life of the capital lease assets as described below, are generally as
follows (in years):      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Buildings 
    
 20 
 
   Leasehold and other improvements 
    
 7 – 15 
 
   Equipment 
    
 3 – 15 
   Included in land and buildings as of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017 are capital lease assets
of approximately $4.3 million and $4.7 million, which are net of $6.2 million and $5.8 million of accumulated amortization, respectively, related to the lease of a supply chain center building and the lease of a Company-owned
store. The capital lease assets are being amortized using the straight-line method over the respective lease terms.    Depreciation and
amortization expense on property, plant and equipment was approximately $29.6 million, $27.3 million and $24.1 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Impairments of Long-Lived Assets   
 The Company evaluates the potential impairment of long-lived assets at least annually based on various analyses including the projection of
undiscounted cash flows and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. For Company-owned stores, the Company performs this evaluation on an operating market basis, which the
Company has determined to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other cash flows. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the amount of the expected future undiscounted cash flows of that
asset, the Company estimates the fair value of the assets. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized and the asset is written down to its estimated fair value. The Company did
not record any impairment losses on long-lived assets in 2017, 2016 or 2015.    Investments in Marketable Securities   
 Investments in marketable securities consist of investments in various mutual funds made by eligible individuals as part of the Company’s
deferred compensation plan (Note 7). These investments are stated at aggregate fair value, are restricted and have been placed in a rabbi trust whereby the amounts are irrevocably set aside to fund the Company’s obligations under the deferred
compensation plan. The Company classifies and accounts for these investments in marketable securities as trading securities.    Debt
Issuance Costs     Debt issuance costs are recorded as a reduction to the Company’s debt balance and primarily include the expenses
incurred by the Company as part of the 2015 and 2017 Recapitalizations (Note 4). Amortization is provided on a straight-line basis (which is materially consistent with the effective interest method) over the expected term of the respective debt
instrument to which the costs relate and is included in interest expense.  
      50  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  In connection with the 2012 Recapitalization, the Company recorded approximately
$39.9 million of debt issuance costs. In connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company expensed approximately $6.9 million of these costs in connection with the extinguishment of $551.3 million of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes
(Note 4). In connection with the 2017 Recapitalization, the Company expensed the approximately $5.5 million in remaining unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the extinguishment of the remaining $910.2 million of the 2012 Fixed
Rate Notes. Additionally, in connection with the 2015 and 2017 Recapitalizations, the Company recorded $17.4 million and $16.8 million of debt issuance costs, respectively, which are being amortized into interest expense over the five and  ten-year  expected terms of the 2017 Notes (Note 4).    In connection with the aforementioned  write-off  of debt issuance costs and scheduled principal payments of its outstanding notes, the Company expensed debt issuance costs of approximately $5.7 million, $0.6 million and $6.9 million in
2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Debt issuance cost expense, including the aforementioned amounts, was approximately $11.0 million, $6.4 million and $12.4 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Goodwill      The
Company’s goodwill amounts primarily relate to franchise store acquisitions and are not amortized. The Company performs its required impairment tests in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and did not recognize any goodwill impairment
charges in 2017, 2016 or 2015.    Capitalized Software   
 Capitalized software is recorded at cost and includes purchased, internally-developed and externally-developed software used in the
Company’s operations. Amortization expense is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software, which range from one to seven years. Capitalized software amortization expense was approximately
$14.8 million, $10.8 million and $8.3 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As of December 31, 2017, scheduled amortization for the next five fiscal years was approximately $14.3 million, $9.4 million,
$5.3 million, $3.3 million and $1.6 million for 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively.    Insurance Reserves 
   The Company has retention programs for workers’ compensation, general liability and owned and
 non-owned  automobile liabilities for certain periods prior to December 1998 and for periods after December 2001. The Company is generally responsible for up to $1.0 million per occurrence under these
retention programs for workers’ compensation and general liability exposures. The Company is also generally responsible for between $500,000 and $3.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities depending on the year. Total insurance limits under these retention programs vary depending on the year covered and range up to $110.0 million per occurrence for general
liability and owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities and up to the applicable statutory limits for workers’ compensation.  
 Insurance reserves relating to our retention programs are based on undiscounted actuarial estimates. These estimates are based on historical
information and on certain assumptions about future events. Changes in assumptions for such factors as medical costs and legal actions, as well as changes in actual experience, could cause these estimates to change in the near term. The Company
receives estimates of outstanding insurance exposures from its independent actuary and differences between these estimated actuarial exposures and the Company’s recorded amounts are adjusted as appropriate.  
      51  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Other Accrued Liabilities   
 Current and long-term other accrued liabilities primarily include accruals for income, sales, property and other taxes, legal reserves, store
operating expenses, deferred rent expense, dividends payable and deferred compensation liabilities.    Foreign Currency Translation 
   The Company’s foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. For these entities, the Company translates net
assets into U.S. dollars at year end exchange rates, while income and expense accounts are translated at average annual exchange rates. Currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and foreign
currency transaction gains and losses are included in determining net income.    Revenue Recognition   
 Domestic Company-owned stores revenues are comprised of retail sales of food through Company-owned Domino’s Pizza stores located in the
contiguous United States and are recognized when the items are delivered to or carried out by customers.    Domestic franchise revenues are
primarily comprised of royalties and fees from Domino’s Pizza franchisees with operations in the contiguous United States. Royalty revenues are recognized when the items are delivered to or carried out by franchise customers.  
 Supply chain revenues are primarily comprised of sales of food, equipment and supplies to franchised Domino’s Pizza stores located in the
United States and Canada. Revenues from the sales of food are recognized upon delivery of the food to franchisees, while revenues from the sales of equipment and supplies are generally recognized upon shipment of the related products to franchisees.
   International franchise revenues are primarily comprised of royalties and fees from Domino’s Pizza franchisees outside the
contiguous United States. These revenues are recognized consistently with the policies applied for franchise revenues generated in the contiguous United States.  
 Supply Chain Profit-Sharing Arrangements   
 The Company enters into profit-sharing arrangements with domestic and Canadian stores that purchase all of their food from Supply Chain (Note
11). These profit-sharing arrangements generally offer Company-owned stores and participating franchisees with 50% (or a higher percentage in the case of Company-owned stores and certain franchisees who operate a larger number of stores) of their
regional supply chain center’s  pre-tax  profits based upon each store’s purchases from the supply chain center. Profit-sharing obligations are recorded as a revenue reduction in Supply Chain in the
same period as the related revenues and costs are recorded, and were $119.7 million, $99.8 million and $85.8 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Advertising     Advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense, which relates primarily to Company-owned stores, was approximately $39.8 million, $34.5 million and $32.0 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 Domestic Stores (Note 11) are required to contribute a certain percentage of sales to the Domino’s National Advertising Fund Inc.
(“DNAF”), a  not-for-profit  subsidiary that administers the Domino’s Pizza system’s national and market level advertising activities in the United
States. Included in advertising expense were advertising contributions from Company-owned stores to DNAF of approximately $30.4 million, $27.2 million and $24.9 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. DNAF also received
advertising contributions from franchisees of approximately $323.8 million, $293.8 million and $266.0 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Franchisee contributions to DNAF and offsetting disbursements are presented net in
the accompanying consolidated statements of income, as we have determined we are an agent for accounting purposes in this arrangement.  
      52  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  DNAF assets, consisting primarily of cash received from franchisees and accounts receivable
from franchisees, can only be used for activities that promote the Domino’s Pizza brand. Accordingly, all assets held by the DNAF are considered restricted.  
 Rent     The Company leases
certain equipment, vehicles, retail store and supply chain center locations and its corporate headquarters under operating leases with expiration dates through 2033. Rent expenses totaled approximately $57.9 million, $49.9 million and
$46.1 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    Common Stock Dividends   
 The Company declared and paid dividends of approximately $84.2 million (or $1.84 per share) in 2017, approximately $74.0 million (or
$1.52 per share) in 2016 and approximately $66.5 million (or $1.24 per share) in 2015. The Company also paid dividends of $13.8 million in 2015 related to a dividend declaration in 2014.  
 Stock Options and Other Equity-Based Compensation Arrangements   
 The cost of all of the Company’s stock options, as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements, is reflected in the financial
statements based on the estimated fair value of the awards.    Earnings Per Share   
 The Company discloses two calculations of earnings per share (“EPS”): basic EPS and diluted EPS. The numerator in calculating common
stock basic and diluted EPS is consolidated net income. The denominator in calculating common stock basic EPS is the weighted average shares outstanding. The denominator in calculating common stock diluted EPS includes the additional dilutive effect
of outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock grants and unvested performance-based restricted stock grants.    Supplemental
Disclosures of Cash Flow Information     The Company paid interest of approximately $107.4 million, $104.6 million and
$80.8 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Cash paid for income taxes was approximately $122.6 million, $74.3 million and $80.1 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 The Company had $4.0 million, $3.8 million and $0.8 million of  non-cash  investing
activities related to accruals for capital expenditures at December 31, 2017, January 1, 2017, and January 3, 2016. The Company also had  non-cash  financing activities related to capital assets
and liabilities in 2015. Specifically, the Company recorded $3.4 million for the renewal of a capital lease of a supply chain center building in the first quarter of 2015, and recorded $0.6 million as a result of entering into a capital
lease for a corporate store in the third quarter of 2015.  
      53  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  New Accounting Pronouncements   
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards  
 In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU  2016-09, 
 Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . ASU  2016-09  is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation
arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. The new standard was effective for the Company beginning January 2, 2017.  
 As a result, excess tax benefits or deficiencies from equity-based compensation activity are reflected in the consolidated statements of
income as a component of the provision for income taxes, whereas they previously were recognized in the consolidated statement of stockholders’ deficit. The Company also elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than to use an
estimate of expected forfeitures for financial statement reporting purposes. The adoption of ASU  2016-09  resulted in a decrease in our provision for income taxes of $27.2 million in fiscal 2017, primarily
due to the recognition of excess tax benefits for options exercised and the vesting of equity awards. The Company’s election to account for forfeitures as they occur had an immaterial impact on its equity-based compensation expense.  
 The Company adopted the cash flow presentation prospectively, and accordingly, excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation of
$27.2 million in fiscal 2017 are presented as an operating activity, while $48.1 million and $17.8 million of excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, respectively, are presented as a
financing activity. The presentation requirements for cash flows related to taxes paid for restricted stock upon vesting had no impact on our consolidated statements of cash flows for any of the periods presented because such cash flows have
historically been presented as a financing activity.    Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted  
 The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB and concluded the following accounting pronouncements may have
a material impact on our consolidated financial statements, or represent accounting pronouncements for which the Company has not yet completed its assessment.  
 In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update  2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606) , or Accounting Standards Codification 606 (“ASC 606”). This guidance outlines a single, comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most
current revenue recognition guidance issued by the FASB, including industry specific guidance. Under the new revenue recognition standard, entities apply a five-step model that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an
amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Specifically, companies identify the performance obligations within their contracts with customers, allocate the transaction
price received from customers to each performance obligation identified within their contracts, and recognize revenue as the performance obligations are satisfied. During 2015, 2016, and 2017, the FASB issued various amendments which provide
additional clarification and implementation guidance on ASC 606. Specifically, these amendments clarify how an entity should identify the specified good or service for the principal versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control
principle to certain types of arrangements, clarify how an entity should identify performance obligations and licensing implementation guidance, as well as account for shipping and handling fees and freight service, assess collectability, present
sales tax, treat  non-cash  consideration, and account for completed and modified contracts at the time of transition. The new guidance requires enhanced disclosures, including revenue recognition policies to
identify performance obligations to customers and significant judgments in measurement and recognition. The effective date and transition requirements for ASC 606 and amendments is for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2017, and the Company will adopt this guidance using the modified retrospective approach effective January 1, 2018.  
      54  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The Company has substantially completed its assessment of ASC 606, and the adoption of this
guidance is not expected to have a material impact on its recognition of sales from Company-owned stores, ongoing royalty fees which are based on a percentage of franchise sales, revenues from its supply chain centers, development fees or technology
fees.    The Company has determined that the store opening fees received from international franchisees do not contain separate and distinct
performance obligations from the franchise right and those upfront fees will therefore be recognized as revenue over the term of each respective franchise agreement. Currently, we recognize such fees as revenue when received. The Company does not
expect this to have a material impact on its international franchise revenues. However, an adjustment to beginning retained earnings and a corresponding contract liability of approximately $15 million will be established on the date of adoption
associated with the fees received through December 31, 2017 that would have been deferred and recognized over the term of each respective franchise agreement if the new guidance had been applied in the past.  
 The Company has also determined that ASC 606 requires a gross presentation on the consolidated statement of income for franchisee
contributions received by and related expenses of DNAF, our consolidated  not-for-profit  subsidiary. DNAF exists solely for the purpose of promoting the Domino’s
Pizza brand in the U.S. The Company currently presents the restricted assets and liabilities of DNAF in its consolidated balance sheets and, under existing accounting guidance, has determined that it acts as an agent for accounting purposes with
regard to franchise store contributions and disbursements. As a result, the Company currently presents the activities of DNAF net in its statements of income. Under ASC 606, the Company has determined that there are not separate performance
obligations associated with the franchise advertising contributions received by DNAF and as a result, these franchise contributions and the related expenses will be presented gross in the Company’s consolidated statement of income. The Company
expects this change to have a material impact on its total revenues and expenses beginning in fiscal 2018. However, as the amount of revenues to be recorded is directly tied to future franchise retail sales and advertising contribution rates, the
Company is not able to reasonably estimate the impact. If this guidance were in effect in fiscal 2017, the Company would have reported incremental franchise advertising revenues and expenses of approximately $324 million in its consolidated
statement of income. While this change will materially impact the gross amount of reported franchise revenues and expenses, the impact will generally be an offsetting increase to both revenues and expenses such that the impact on income from
operations and net income, if any, would not be material. We will also present the activity associated with DNAF on a gross basis in the statement of cash flows beginning in fiscal 2018.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842) . ASU  2016-02  requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for leases with lease terms greater than 12 months. ASU  2016-02  is effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. Based on a preliminary assessment, the Company expects the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its assets and
liabilities due to the recognition of  right-of-use  assets and lease liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets at the beginning of the earliest period presented. The
Company is continuing its assessment, which may identify additional impacts this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures. Our current minimum lease commitments are disclosed in Note 5.  
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-04,   Liabilities – Extinguishment of Liabilities
(Subtopic  405-20):  Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products . ASU  2016-04  aligns recognition of the financial liabilities related to prepaid
stored-value products (for example, gift cards) with Topic 606,  Revenues from Contracts with Customers , for  non-financial  liabilities. In general, these liabilities may be extinguished proportionately
in earnings as redemptions occur, or when redemption is remote if issuers are not entitled to the unredeemed stored value. ASU  2016-04  is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The Company plans to adopt this guidance effective January 1, 2018 in connection with our adoption of ASC 606 and does not expect it to have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements.  
      55  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-13, 
 Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU  2016-13  requires companies to measure credit losses utilizing a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires a consideration
of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. ASU  2016-13  is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including those interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting this standard, but based on a preliminary assessment, does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial
statements.    In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-18,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic
230): Restricted Cash  (ASU  2016-18),  which requires that restricted cash and cash equivalents be included as components of total cash and cash equivalents as presented on the statement of cash flows. ASU  2016-18  is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 and a retrospective transition method is required. The Company currently presents changes in
restricted cash and cash equivalents in the investing section of its consolidated statement of cash flows. The new guidance will not impact financial results, but will result in a change in the presentation of restricted cash and restricted cash
equivalents within the statement of cash flows. The Company currently plans to adopt this guidance in the first quarter of 2018 using the retrospective approach.  
 In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU  2017-04 , Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (Topic 35):
Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment , or ASU  2017-04.  ASU  2017-04  simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating “Step 2” from
the goodwill impairment test. ASU  2017-04  is effective for public companies’ annual or interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted
for annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company is currently assessing the impact of adopting this standard, but based on a preliminary assessment, does not expect the adoption of this guidance
to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.    Use of Estimates   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
      56  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      

 
 
 (2) 
 EARNINGS PER SHARE       The computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share is
as follows (in thousands, except share and per share amounts):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Net income available to common stockholders – basic and diluted 
   
 $ 
 277,905 
   
   
 $ 
 214,678 
   
   
 $ 
 192,789 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average number of common shares 
   
   
 45,954,659 
   
   
   
 48,647,167 
   
   
   
 53,828,609 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – basic 
   
 $ 
 6.05 
   
   
 $ 
 4.41 
   
   
 $ 
 3.58 
   
 
   Diluted weighted average number of common shares 
   
   
 47,677,834 
   
   
   
 49,923,859 
   
   
   
 55,532,955 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted 
   
 $ 
 5.83 
   
   
 $ 
 4.30 
   
   
 $ 
 3.47 
   
   The denominators used in calculating diluted earnings per share for common stock do not include 145,860 options
to purchase common stock in 2017, 121,075 options to purchase common stock in 2016 and 188,080 options to purchase common stock in 2015, as the effect of including these options would be anti-dilutive. The denominators used in calculating diluted
earnings per share for common stock do not include 110,274 restricted performance shares in 2017, 134,113 restricted performance shares in 2016 and 189,532 restricted performance shares in 2015, as the performance targets for these awards had not
yet been met.      
 
 
 (3) 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS       Fair value measurements enable the reader of the financial
statements to assess the inputs used to develop those measurements by establishing a hierarchy for ranking the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. The Company classifies and discloses assets and liabilities
carried at fair value in one of the following three categories:      
 


 
 
 
 


 
         Level 1: 
    
 Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 
 
 
         Level 2: 
    
 Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data. 
 
 
 
 
         Level 3: 
    
 Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data. 
   The fair values of the Company’s cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities are based on
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of certain assets at December 31, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Estimated Using 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Level 1 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 2 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 3 Inputs 
   


 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 7,933 
   
    
 $ 
 7,933 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Restricted cash equivalents 
    
   
 96,375 
   
    
   
 96,375 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Investments in marketable securities 
    
   
 8,119 
   
    
   
 8,119 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of certain assets at January 1,
2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At January 1, 2017 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Estimated Using 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Level 1 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 2 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 3 Inputs 
   


 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 7,017 
   
    
 $ 
 7,017 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Restricted cash equivalents 
    
   
 69,113 
   
    
   
 69,113 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Investments in marketable securities 
    
   
 7,260 
   
    
   
 7,260 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
      57  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      

 
 
 (4) 
 RECAPITALIZATIONS AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS    2017 Recapitalization   
 On July 24, 2017, the Company completed a recapitalization (the “2017 Recapitalization”) in which certain of the Company’s
subsidiaries issued new notes pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The new notes consist of $300.0 million Series  2017-1  Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  with an anticipated term of five years (the “2017 Floating Rate Notes”), $600.0 million Series  2017-1  3.082% Fixed Rate Senior Secured
Notes,  Class A-2-II  with an anticipated term of five years (the “2017 Five-year Fixed Rate Notes”), and $1.0 billion Series  2017-1  4.118% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-III  with an anticipated term of ten years (the “2017  Ten-year  Fixed Rate Notes” and, collectively with the 2017 Floating Rate Notes and the 2017 Five-year Fixed Rate Notes, the “2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes”). The interest rate on the 2017
Floating Rate Notes is payable at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 125 basis points. Concurrently, the Company also issued a new variable funding note facility which allows for advances of up to $175.0 million of Series
 2017-1  Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-1  (the “2017 Variable Funding Notes”) and certain other credit instruments, including letters of
credit. The 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and the 2017 Variable Funding Notes are collectively referred to as the “2017 Notes.” The 2017 Variable Funding Notes were undrawn on the closing date. Gross proceeds from the issuance of the
2017 Notes were $1.9 billion.    A portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization was used to repay the remaining
$910.5 million in outstanding principal and interest under the Company’s 2012 Fixed Rate Notes,  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and
pay transaction fees and expenses, described in additional detail below. In connection with the issuance of the 2017 Variable Funding Notes, the Company permanently reduced to zero the commitment to fund the 2015 Variable Funding Notes and the 2015
Variable Funding Notes were cancelled. The Company also used a portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization to enter into a $1.0 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement (the “2017 ASR Agreement”) with a counterparty.
See Note 10 for additional detail related to this transaction.    2015 and 2012 Recapitalizations   
 The Company previously entered into refinancing transactions in October 2015 (the “2015 Recapitalization”) and in April 2012 (the
“2012 Recapitalization”). In connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company issued $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes consisting of $500.0 million Series
 2015-1  3.484% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  (the “2015 Five-Year Notes”) and $800.0 million
Series  2015-1  4.474% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  (the “2015
 Ten-Year  Notes” and, together with the 2015 Five-Year Notes, the “2015 Fixed Rate Notes”). Concurrent with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company also issued a revolving financing facility which
allowed for advances of up to $125.0 million of Series  2015-1  Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-1  and issuances of letters of credit (the
“2015 Variable Funding Notes” and together with the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes, the “2015 Notes”). The 2017 Notes and 2015 Notes are collectively referred to as the “Notes.”  
 A portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization was used to make an optional prepayment of approximately $551.3 million in
aggregate principal amount of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, at par, pay scheduled principal  catch-up  amounts on the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, make an interest reserve deposit,
 pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes and pay transaction fees and expenses. In connection with the issuance and sale of the 2015 Variable Funding Notes, the
Company permanently reduced to zero the commitment to fund the 2012 Variable Funding Notes and the 2012 Variable Funding Notes were cancelled. The Company also used a portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization to enter into a
$600.0 million accelerated share repurchase agreement (the “2015 ASR Agreement”) with a counterparty. See Note 10 for additional detail related to this transaction.  
      58  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  In connection with the 2012 Recapitalization, the Company issued $1.575 billion of
Series  2012-1  5.216% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2  (the “2012 Fixed Rate Notes”) and a revolving financing facility that allowed for advances
of up to $100.0 million of Series  2012-1  Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-1  Notes (the “2012 Variable Funding Notes”).  
 2017 Notes     The 2017
Notes have remaining scheduled principal payments of $19.0 million in each of 2018 through 2021, $871.8 million in 2022, $10.0 million in each of 2023 through 2026, and $907.5 million in 2027. During fiscal 2017, the Company made
principal payments of approximately $4.8 million on the 2017 Notes.    The legal final maturity date of the 2017 Notes is October 2047,
but it is anticipated that, unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the related debt agreements, the 2017 Floating Rate Notes and 2017 Five-year Fixed Rate Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in
July 2022, and the 2017  Ten-year  Fixed Rate Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in July 2027. If the Company has not repaid or refinanced the 2017 Notes prior to the
applicable anticipated repayment dates, additional interest of at least 5% per annum will accrue, as defined in the related agreements.  
 The 2017 Variable Funding Notes allow for advances of up to $175.0 million and issuance of certain other credit instruments, including
letters of credit. At the closing date of the 2017 Recapitalization, interest on the 2017 Variable Funding Notes was payable at a per year rate equal to LIBOR plus 180 basis points. On December 15, 2017, certain of the Company’s
subsidiaries entered into an agreement to reduce the rate from LIBOR plus 180 basis points to LIBOR plus 150 basis points. The 2017 Variable Funding Notes were undrawn at closing. The unused portion of the 2017 Variable Funding Notes is subject to a
commitment fee ranging from 50 to 100 basis points depending on utilization. It is anticipated that any amounts outstanding on the 2017 Variable Funding Notes will be repaid in full on or prior to July 2022, subject to two additional  one-year  extensions at the option of the Company, subject to certain conditions. Following the anticipated repayment date (and any extensions thereof), additional interest will accrue on the 2017 Variable Funding
Notes equal to 5% per annum. At December 31, 2017, there were $46.7 million of letters of credit and $128.3 million of borrowing capacity under the $175.0 million 2017 Variable Funding Notes.  
 2015 Notes     The 2015
Notes have remaining scheduled principal payments of $13.0 million in each of 2018 and 2019, $490.5 million in 2020, $8.0 million in each of 2021 through 2024, and $732.0 million in 2025. During fiscal 2017, the Company made
principal payments of approximately $6.5 million on the 2015 Notes.    The legal final maturity date of the 2015 Notes is in October
2045, but it is anticipated that, unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the related debt agreements, the 2015 Five-Year Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in October 2020 and the 2015  Ten-Year  Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in October 2025. If the Company has not repaid or refinanced the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes prior to the applicable anticipated
repayment date, additional interest will accrue of at least 5% per annum, as defined in the related agreements.  
      59  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Debt Issuance Costs and Transaction-Related Expenses   
 During 2017 and in connection with the 2017 Recapitalization, the Company incurred approximately $6.4 million of net  pre-tax  expenses, primarily related to $5.5 million in expense related to the  write-off  of deferred financing fees associated with the repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate
Notes. The Company also incurred approximately $0.3 million of interest expense on the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes subsequent to the closing of the 2017 Recapitalization but prior to the repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, resulting in the
payment of interest on both the full amount of the 2012 and 2017 Notes for a short period of time. Further, the Company incurred $0.6 million of other net 2017 Recapitalization-related general and administrative expenses, including legal and
professional fees. In connection with the 2017 Recapitalization, the Company recorded $16.8 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the five and  ten-year 
expected terms of the 2017 Notes.    During fiscal 2015 and in connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company incurred approximately
$8.1 million of net  pre-tax  expenses, primarily related to $6.9 million in expense related to the  write-off of  debt issuance costs associated with the
partial repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes. The Company also incurred approximately $0.4 million of interest expense on the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes subsequent to the closing of the 2015 Recapitalization but prior to the repayment of the 2012
Fixed Rate Notes, resulting in the payment of interest on both the full amount of the 2012 and 2015 Fixed Rate Notes for a short period of time. Further, the Company incurred $0.9 million of other net 2015 Recapitalization-related general and
administrative expenses, including legal and professional fees. In connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company recorded $17.4 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the five and  ten-year  expected terms of the 2015 Notes.    Guarantees and Covenants of the Notes   
 The Notes are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of DPLLC and secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the
Company, including royalty and certain other income from all domestic and international stores, domestic supply chain income and intellectual property. The restrictions placed on the Company’s subsidiaries require that the Company’s
principal and interest obligations have first priority and amounts are segregated weekly to ensure appropriate funds are reserved to pay the quarterly principal and interest amounts due. The amount of weekly cash flow that exceeds the required
weekly interest reserve is generally remitted to the Company in the form of a dividend. However, once the required obligations are satisfied, there are no further restrictions, including payment of dividends, on the cash flows of the subsidiaries.
   The Notes are subject to certain financial and  non-financial  covenants, including a debt service
coverage ratio calculation, as defined in the related agreements. The covenants, among other things, may limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to declare dividends, make loans or advances or enter into transactions with affiliates. In the
event that certain covenants are not met, the Notes may become partially or fully due and payable on an accelerated schedule. In addition, the Company may voluntarily prepay, in part or in full, the Notes at any time, subject to certain make-whole
interest obligations.    While the Notes are outstanding, scheduled payments of principal and interest are required to be made on a
quarterly basis. The payment of principal of the 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes shall be suspended if the leverage ratio for the Company is less than or equal to 5.0x total debt, as defined, to adjusted EBITDA,
as defined. Scheduled principal payments will resume upon failure to satisfy the aforementioned leverage ratio on an ongoing basis and no  catch-up  provisions are applicable.  
      60  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Prior to the 2017 Recapitalization and the repayment of the remaining principal and interest
under the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, the payment of principal of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes and 2015 Fixed Rate Notes (i) shall be suspended if the leverage ratios for the Company are less than or equal to 4.5x total debt to adjusted EBITDA, as
defined, and there are no scheduled principal  catch-up  amounts outstanding; provided, that during any such suspension, principal payments will continue to accrue and are subject to  catch-up  upon failure to satisfy the aforementioned leverage ratios on an ongoing basis.    During the
first quarter of 2017, the Company met the maximum leverage ratios under the Company’s then outstanding 2012 Fixed Rate Notes and 2015 Notes of less than 4.5x, and, in accordance with the Company’s debt agreements, ceased debt amortization
payments beginning in the second quarter of 2017. The Company continued to meet the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x in the third quarter prior to the 2017 Recapitalization and accordingly, did not make previously scheduled debt
amortization payments in accordance with the debt agreements. Subsequent to the 2017 Recapitalization, the Company’s leverage ratios exceeded the new maximum leverage ratio of 5.0x and, accordingly, the Company began making the scheduled
amortization payments on the Notes.    In 2015 and up until the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company met the maximum leverage ratios of less
than 4.5x and accordingly, did not make previously scheduled debt amortization payments in accordance with the debt agreements. Subsequent to the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company’s leverage ratios exceeded 4.5x and, accordingly, the Company
began making the scheduled amortization payments as well as the required  catch-up  payments.  
 Consolidated Long-Term Debt   
 At December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017, consolidated long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   5.216%  Class A-2  Notes; repaid in connection with the
2017 Recapitalization 
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 916,650 
   
 
   3.484%
 Class A-2-I  Notes; expected repayment date October 2020; legal final maturity October 2045 
   
   
 492,500 
   
   
   
 495,000 
   
 
   4.474%
 Class A-2-II  Notes; expected repayment date October 2025; legal final maturity October 2045 
   
   
 788,000 
   
   
   
 792,000 
   
 
   3.082%
 Class A-2-II  Notes; expected repayment date July 2022; legal final maturity July 2047 
   
   
 598,500 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   4.118%
 Class A-2-III  Notes; expected repayment date July 2027; legal final maturity July 2047 
   
   
 997,500 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Floating Rate
 Class A-2-I  Notes; expected repayment date July 2022; legal final maturity July 2047 
   
   
 299,250 
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   2017 Variable Funding Notes 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   2015 Variable Funding Notes 
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Capital lease obligations 
   
   
 5,437 
   
   
   
 5,730 
   
 
   Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of $6.8 million in 2017 and
$21.1 million in 2016 
   
   
 (27,373 
 )  
   
   
 (21,503 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total debt 
   
   
 3,153,814 
   
   
   
 2,187,877 
   
 
   Less – current portion 
   
   
 32,324 
   
   
   
 38,887 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 
   
 $ 
 3,121,490 
   
   
 $ 
 2,148,990 
   
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      61  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  At December 31, 2017, maturities of long-term debt and capital lease obligations are as
follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 32,324 
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 32,358 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 509,896 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 27,440 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 880,238 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 1,698,931 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,181,187 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Fair Value Disclosures   
 Management estimated the approximate fair values of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, 2015 Notes and 2017 Notes as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
    
 January 1, 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Principal Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Principal Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   2012 Seven-Year Fixed Rate Notes 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 916,650 
   
    
 $ 
 932,233 
   
 
   2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes 
    
   
 492,500 
   
    
   
 494,470 
   
    
   
 495,000 
   
    
   
 485,595 
   
 
   2015  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes 
    
   
 788,000 
   
    
   
 821,884 
   
    
   
 792,000 
   
    
   
 765,864 
   
 
   2017 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes 
    
   
 598,500 
   
    
   
 592,515 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2017  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes 
    
   
 997,500 
   
    
   
 1,023,435 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2017 Five-Year Floating Rate Notes 
    
   
 299,250 
   
    
   
 300,746 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   The Notes are classified as a Level 2 measurement (Note 3), as the Company estimated the fair value
amount by using available market information. The Company obtained broker quotes from two separate brokerage firms that are knowledgeable about the Company’s Notes and, at times, trade these notes. Further, the Company performs its own internal
analysis based on the information it gathers from public markets, including information on notes that are similar to that of the Company. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value.  
 Accordingly, the fair value estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amount that the Company or the debtholders could
realize in a current market exchange. The use of different assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair values calculated above.  
   
 
 
 (5) 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    Lease Commitments   
 As of December 31, 2017, the future minimum rental commitments for all  non-cancelable  leases are
as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Operating 
   
    
 Capital 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
 Leases 
   
    
 Leases 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 45,064 
   
    
 $ 
 826 
   
    
 $ 
 45,890 
   
 
   2019 
    
   
 40,265 
   
    
   
 828 
   
    
   
 41,093 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 35,124 
   
    
   
 831 
   
    
   
 35,955 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 31,298 
   
    
   
 833 
   
    
   
 32,131 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 26,668 
   
    
   
 836 
   
    
   
 27,504 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 58,982 
   
    
   
 4,343 
   
    
   
 63,325 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total future minimum rental commitments 
    
 $ 
 237,401 
   
    
   
 8,497 
   
    
 $ 
 245,898 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Less – amounts representing interest 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (3,060 
 )  
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total principal payable on capital leases 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 5,437 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
      62  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Future minimum rental commitments for  non-cancelable 
leases do not include variable payments for common area maintenance, real estate taxes or insurance for our real estate leases or the rate per mile driven for our supply chain center tractors and trailers.  
 Legal Proceedings and Related Matters   
 The Company is a party to lawsuits, revenue agent reviews by taxing authorities and legal proceedings, of which the majority involve
workers’ compensation, employment practices liability, general liability and automobile and franchisee claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company records legal fees associated with loss contingencies when they are probable
and reasonably estimable.    Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual litigated matters is not predictable
with assurance. These matters referenced above could be decided unfavorably to us and could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts or a range of amounts that cannot be estimated with accuracy. In management’s opinion,
these matters, individually and in the aggregate, should not have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, and the established accruals adequately provide for the estimated resolution of such claims.  
 On February 14, 2011, Domino’s Pizza LLC was named as a defendant in a lawsuit along with Fischler Enterprises of C.F., Inc., a
franchisee, and Jeffrey S. Kidd, the franchisee’s delivery driver, filed by Yvonne Wiederhold, the plaintiff, as Personal Representative of the Estate of Richard E. Wiederhold, deceased. The case involved a traffic accident in which the
franchisee’s delivery driver is alleged to have caused an accident involving a vehicle driven by Richard Wiederhold. Mr. Wiederhold sustained spinal injuries resulting in quadriplegia and passed away several months after the accident. The
jury returned a $10.1 million judgment for the plaintiff where the Company and Mr. Kidd were found to be 90% liable (after certain offsets and other deductions the final verdict was $8.9 million). In the second quarter of 2016, the trial
court ruled on all post-judgment motions and entered the judgment. The Company denies liability and in the third quarter of 2016 filed an appeal of the verdict on a variety of grounds. The Company continues to deny liability in this matter.  
   
 
 
 (6) 
 INCOME TAXES    Income before provision for income taxes in 2017, 2016 and 2015 consists of the
following (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Domestic 
    
 $ 
 386,989 
   
    
 $ 
 334,892 
   
    
 $ 
 298,055 
   
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 13,164 
   
    
   
 9,766 
   
    
   
 8,160 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 400,153 
   
    
 $ 
 344,658 
   
    
 $ 
 306,215 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The differences between the United States Federal statutory income tax provision (using the statutory rate of
35%) and the Company’s consolidated provision for income taxes for 2017, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Federal income tax provision based on the statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 140,054 
   
    
 $ 
 120,630 
   
    
 $ 
 107,175 
   
 
   State and local income taxes, net of related Federal income taxes 
    
   
 11,520 
   
    
   
 9,787 
   
    
   
 8,589 
   
 
   Non-resident  withholding and foreign income taxes 

    
   
 20,210 
   
    
   
 17,275 
   
    
   
 15,750 
   
 
   Foreign tax and other tax credits 
    
   
 (23,324 
 )  
    
   
 (20,049 
 )  
    
   
 (18,345 
 )  
 
   Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 (27,227 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Non-deductible  expenses, net 
    
   
 1,794 
   
    
   
 1,579 
   
    
   
 1,180 
   
 
   Unrecognized tax provision (benefit), net of related Federal income taxes 
    
   
 (173 
 )  
    
   
 (98 
 )  
    
   
 110 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 (606 
 )  
    
   
 856 
   
    
   
 (1,033 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 122,248 
   
    
 $ 
 129,980 
   
    
 $ 
 113,426 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      63  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The Company adopted ASU  2016-09  during 2017, which is
intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements. As a result, excess tax benefits or deficiencies from equity-based compensation activity are now reflected in the Company’s consolidated statements of
income as a component of the provision for income taxes, whereas they previously were recognized in the consolidated statement of stockholders’ deficit. The adoption of ASU  2016-09  resulted in a decrease
in our provision for income taxes of $27.2 million in 2017, primarily due to the recognition of excess tax benefits for options exercised and the vesting of equity awards. Refer to Note 1 for additional information related to the impact of
adopting ASU  2016-09.     The components of the 2017, 2016 and 2015 consolidated provision for income
taxes are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Provision for Federal income taxes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current provision 
    
 $ 
 81,747 
   
    
 $ 
 100,673 
   
    
 $ 
 84,071 
   
 
   Deferred provision (benefit) 
    
   
 6,732 
   
    
   
 (3,096 
 )  
    
   
 862 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total provision for Federal income taxes 
    
   
 88,479 
   
    
   
 97,577 
   
    
   
 84,933 
   
 
   Provision for state and local income taxes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current provision 
    
   
 14,131 
   
    
   
 15,091 
   
    
   
 11,892 
   
 
   Deferred provision (benefit) 
    
   
 (572 
 )  
    
   
 37 
   
    
   
 851 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total provision for state and local income taxes 
    
   
 13,559 
   
    
   
 15,128 
   
    
   
 12,743 
   
 
   Provision for  non-resident  withholding and foreign income
taxes 
    
   
 20,210 
   
    
   
 17,275 
   
    
   
 15,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 122,248 
   
    
 $ 
 129,980 
   
    
 $ 
 113,426 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017, the significant components of net deferred income taxes
are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Deferred Federal income tax assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
 $ 
 8,290 
   
    
 $ 
 11,202 
   
 
   Equity compensation 
    
   
 7,724 
   
    
   
 11,978 
   
 
   Other accruals and reserves 
    
   
 7,187 
   
    
   
 18,741 
   
 
   Bad debt reserves 
    
   
 309 
   
    
   
 1,005 
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 3,164 
   
    
   
 5,732 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred Federal income tax assets 
    
   
 26,674 
   
    
   
 48,658 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred Federal income tax liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation, amortization and asset basis differences 
    
   
 4,823 
   
    
   
 6,352 
   
 
   Capitalized software 
    
   
 18,522 
   
    
   
 25,869 
   
 
   Gain on debt extinguishments 
    
   
 2,722 
   
    
   
 9,073 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred Federal income tax liabilities 
    
   
 26,067 
   
    
   
 41,294 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred Federal income tax asset 
    
   
 607 
   
    
   
 7,364 
   
 
   Net deferred state and local income tax asset 
    
   
 2,143 
   
    
   
 1,571 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 2,750 
   
    
 $ 
 8,935 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      64  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Realization of the Company’s deferred tax assets is dependent upon many factors,
including, but not limited to, the Company’s ability to generate sufficient taxable income. Although realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred
tax assets will be realized. On an ongoing basis, management will assess whether it remains more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized.  
 For financial reporting purposes, the Company’s investment in foreign subsidiaries does not exceed its tax basis. Therefore, no deferred
income taxes have been provided.    The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position if it is more likely than not
that the position is sustainable, based solely on its technical merits and consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s widely understood administrative practices and precedents. For tax positions meeting the “more likely than
not”   threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company
recognizes accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in income tax expense.    At
December 31, 2017, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $1.8 million of which, if ultimately recognized, $1.5 million would be recognized as an income tax benefit and reduce the Company’s effective tax rate. At
December 31, 2017, the Company had less than $0.1 million of accrued interest and no accrued penalties.    At January 1, 2017,
the amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $2.0 million of which, if ultimately recognized, $1.6 million would be recognized as an income tax benefit and reduce the Company’s effective tax rate. At January 1, 2017, the Company
had less than $0.1 million of accrued interest and no accrued penalties.    A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of
unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Balance as of December 28, 2014 
    
 $ 
 2,939 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 233 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 171 
   
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (100 
 )  
 
   Settlements during the period 
    
   
 (27 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (1,101 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of January 3, 2016 
    
   
 2,115 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 209 
   
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (33 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (337 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of January 1, 2017 
    
   
 1,954 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 224 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 42 
   
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (373 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2017 
    
 $ 
 1,837 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      65  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The Company continues to be under examination by certain states. The Company’s Federal
statute of limitation has expired for years prior to 2014 and the relevant state and foreign statutes vary. The Company expects the current ongoing examinations to be concluded in the next twelve months and does not expect the assessment of any
significant additional amounts in excess of amounts reserved.    Tax Cuts and Jobs Act   
 On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “2017 Tax Act”) was enacted. The 2017 Tax Act includes many changes to
existing U.S. tax laws that impact the Company, most notably a reduction of the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017.  
 The Company recognized the income tax effects of the 2017 Tax Act in its 2017 financial statements in accordance with Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 118, which provides SEC staff guidance for the application of ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes , in the reporting period in which the 2017 Tax Act was signed into law. The Company did not identify items for which the income tax
effects of the 2017 Tax Act have not been completed and a reasonable estimate could not be determined as of December 31, 2017.    The
remeasurement of the deferred tax assets and liabilities was not material to our 2017 financial statements. However, the remeasured amounts incorporate assumptions made based upon the Company’s current interpretation of the 2017 Tax Act, mainly
related to the deductibility of certain officers’ compensation, and may change as the Company receives additional clarification and implementation guidance.      
 
 
 (7) 
 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS    The Company has a retirement savings plan which qualifies under Internal
Revenue Code Section 401(k). All employees of the Company who have completed 1,000 hours of service and are at least 21 years of age are eligible to participate in the plan. Effective January 1, 2018, employees of the Company who have
completed 1,000 hours of service and are at least 18 years of age are eligible to participate in the plan. The plan requires the Company to match 100% of the first 3% of each employee’s elective deferrals and 50% of the next 2% of each
employee’s elective deferrals. During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Company’s matching contributions were made in the form of cash and vested immediately. The expenses incurred for Company contributions to the plan were approximately
$6.1 million, $5.2 million and $4.6 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.    The Company has established a  non-qualified  deferred compensation plan available for certain key employees. Under this self-funding plan, the participants may defer up to 40% of their annual compensation. The participants direct the investment
of their deferred compensation within several investment funds. The Company is not required to contribute and did not contribute to this plan during 2017, 2016 or 2015.  
 The Company has an employee stock purchase discount plan (the “ESPDP”). Under the ESPDP, eligible employees may deduct up to 15% of
their eligible wages to purchase common stock at 85% of the market price of the stock at the purchase date. The ESPDP requires employees to hold their purchased common stock for at least one year. The Company purchases common stock on the open
market for the ESPDP at the current market price. There were 21,744 shares, 23,317 shares and 23,994 shares of common stock in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, purchased on the open market for participating employees at a weighted-average price of
$188.57 in 2017, $131.74 in 2016 and $105.16 in 2015. The expenses incurred under the ESPDP were approximately $0.7 million, $0.5 million and $0.4 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
      66  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      

 
 
 (8) 
 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH  OFF-BALANCE  SHEET RISK    The
Company is a party to  stand-by  letters of credit. The Company’s exposure to credit loss for  stand-by  letters of credit is represented by the contractual amounts of
these instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making conditional obligations as it does for  on-balance  sheet instruments. Total conditional commitments under letters of credit as of
December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017 are $46.7 million and $44.3 million, respectively, and relate to the Company’s insurance programs and supply chain center leases. The Company has also guaranteed lease payments related
to certain franchisees’ lease arrangements. The maximum amount of potential future payments under these guarantees was $1.5 million and $1.0 million as of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017, respectively.  
   
 
 
 (9) 
 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS    The cost of all employee stock options, as well as other equity-based
compensation arrangements, is reflected in the consolidated statements of income based on the estimated fair value of the awards and is amortized over the requisite service period of each award.  
 The Company’s current equity incentive plan benefits certain of the Company’s employees and directors and is named the Domino’s
Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2004 Equity Incentive Plan”). As of December 31, 2017, the maximum number of shares that may be granted under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is 15,600,000 shares of voting common stock of
which 2,845,095 shares were authorized for grant but have not been granted.    The Company recorded total
 non-cash  compensation expense of $20.7 million, $18.6 million and $17.6 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015 respectively. All  non-cash  compensation expense
amounts are recorded in general and administrative expense. The Company recorded a deferred tax benefit related to  non-cash  compensation expense of approximately $5.2 million in 2017.  
 The Company adopted ASU  2016-09  during 2017, which is intended to simplify several areas of accounting
for share-based compensation arrangements. As a result, excess tax benefits or deficiencies from equity-based compensation activity are now reflected in the Company’s consolidated statements of income as a component of the provision for income
taxes, whereas they previously were recognized in the consolidated statement of stockholders’ deficit. The Company also elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than to use an estimate of expected forfeitures for financial
statement reporting purposes. The Company’s election to account for forfeitures as they occur had an immaterial impact on its equity-based compensation expense. Refer to Note 1 for additional information related to the impact of adopting ASU  2016-09.     Stock Options   
 As of December 31, 2017, the number of stock options granted and outstanding under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan was 2,238,114 options.
Stock options granted under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan and a predecessor plan prior to fiscal 2009 were generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price at the date of the grant, expired ten years from the date of grant and
vested over five years from the date of grant. Stock options granted in fiscal 2009 through fiscal 2012 were granted with an exercise price equal to the market price at the date of the grant, expire ten years from the date of grant and generally
vest over three years from the date of grant. Stock options granted in fiscal 2013 through fiscal 2017 were granted with an exercise price equal to the market price at the date of the grant, expire ten years from the date of grant and generally vest
over four years from the date of grant. Additionally, all stock options granted become fully exercisable upon vesting. These awards also contain provisions for accelerated vesting upon the retirement of holders that have achieved specific service
and age requirements.  
      67  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Stock option activity related to the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is summarized as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common Stock Options 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Weighted 
   
    
 Weighted 
   
    
   
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Average 
   
    
 Average 
   
    
 Aggregate 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Exercise 
   
    
 Remaining 
   
    
 Intrinsic 
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Price 
   
    
 Life 
   
    
 Value 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 (Years) 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Stock options at December 28, 2014 
    
   
 3,590,115 
   
    
 $ 
 22.47 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 193,970 
   
    
   
 111.63 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (32,176 
 )  
    
   
 73.55 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (428,433 
 )  
    
   
 11.70 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options at January 3, 2016 
    
   
 3,323,476 
   
    
 $ 
 28.57 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 233,280 
   
    
   
 129.42 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (12,798 
 )  
    
   
 104.23 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (1,045,648 
 )  
    
   
 14.38 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options at January 1, 2017 
    
   
 2,498,310 
   
    
 $ 
 43.54 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 126,720 
   
    
   
 201.19 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (28,991 
 )  
    
   
 101.97 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (357,925 
 )  
    
   
 17.05 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Stock options at December 31, 2017 
    
   
 2,238,114 
   
    
 $ 
 55.94 
   
    
   
 4.7 
   
    
 $ 
 299,518 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at December 31, 2017 
    
   
 1,827,568 
   
    
 $ 
 36.61 
   
    
   
 3.9 
   
    
 $ 
 278,438 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was approximately $62.0 million, $128.0 million
and $41.7 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Cash received from the exercise of stock options was approximately $6.1 million, $15.2 million and $4.8 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The tax benefit
realized from stock options exercised was approximately $23.0 million, $46.1 million and $14.7 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
 The Company recorded total  non-cash  compensation expense of $6.8 million, $4.9 million and
$3.9 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to stock option awards. All  non-cash  compensation expense amounts are recorded in general and administrative expense. As of December 31,
2017, there was $8.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan which generally will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the related vesting period.
This unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.5 years.    Management estimated the
fair value of each option grant made during 2017, 2016 and 2015 as of the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing method. Weighted average assumptions are presented in the following table. The risk-free interest rate is based on the
estimated effective life, and is estimated based on U.S. Treasury Bond rates as of the grant date. The expected life is based on several factors, including, among other things, the vesting term and contractual term as well as historical experience.
The expected volatility is based principally on the historical volatility of the Company’s share price.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   
   
 2015 
   


 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 2.0 
 %  
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
   
   
 1.7 
 %  
 
   Expected life (years) 
    
   
 5.5 
   
   
   
 5.5 
   
   
   
 5.5 
   
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 25.8 
 %  
   
   
 26.0 
 %  
   
   
 28.4 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 0.9 
 %  
   
   
 1.2 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
 
   Weighted average fair value per stock option 
    
 $ 
 49.57 
   
   
 $ 
 29.59 
   
   
 $ 
 28.45 
   
 
      68  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions. In
management’s opinion, existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the Company’s stock options, as changes in subjective input assumptions can significantly affect the fair value estimate.  
 Other Equity-Based Compensation Arrangements   
 The Company granted 4,410 shares, 6,920 shares and 8,350 shares of restricted stock in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to members of its
Board of Directors. These grants generally vest one year from the date of the grant and have a fair value equal to the market price of the Company’s stock on the grant date. These awards also contain provisions for accelerated vesting upon the
retirement of holders that have achieved specific service and age requirements. The Company recorded total  non-cash  compensation expense of $0.8 million, $0.9 million and $0.9 million in 2017,
2016 and 2015, respectively, related to these restricted stock awards. All  non-cash  compensation expense amounts are recorded in general and administrative expense. As of December 31, 2017, there was less
than $0.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to these restricted stock grants.    The Company granted 67,840
shares, 90,730 shares and 88,250 shares of performance-based restricted stock in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, to certain employees of the Company. These performance-based restricted stock awards are separated into four tranches and have
time-based and performance-based vesting conditions with the last tranche vesting four years from the issuance date. These awards also contain provisions for accelerated vesting upon the retirement of holders that have achieved specific service and
age requirements. These awards are considered granted for accounting purposes when the performance target is set, which is generally in the fourth quarter of each year. The Company recorded total  non-cash 
compensation expense of $13.1 million, $12.8 million and $12.8 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, related to these awards. All  non-cash  compensation expense amounts are recorded in
general and administrative expense. As of December 31, 2017, there was an estimated $24.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to performance-based restricted stock.  
 Restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock activity related to the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is summarized as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Weighted 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Average 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Grant Date 
   
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Nonvested at January 1, 2017 
    
   
 276,220 
   
    
 $ 
 97.48 
   
 
   Shares granted (1) 
    
   
 72,250 
   
    
   
 205.21 
   
 
   Shares cancelled 
    
   
 (16,109 
 )  
    
   
 115.71 
   
 
   Shares vested 
    
   
 (137,757 
 )  
    
   
 80.55 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2017 
    
   
 194,604 
   
    
 $ 
 147.94 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The weighted average grant date fair value for performance-based restricted shares granted was calculated based on the market price on the grant dates. Certain tranches will ultimately be valued when the performance
condition is established for each tranche, which generally occurs in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.      
 
 
 (10) 
 CAPITAL STRUCTURE    The Company has a Board of Directors-approved open market share repurchase
program of the Company’s common stock. The open market share repurchase program has historically been funded by excess cash flow.  
      69  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  On July 27, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a new share
repurchase program to repurchase up to $1.25 billion of the Company’s common stock. This repurchase program replaced the remaining availability under the Company’s previous $250.0 million share repurchase program. On
August 2, 2017, the Company entered into the $1.0 billion 2017 ASR Agreement with a counterparty. Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 ASR Agreement, on August 3, 2017, as part of its new $1.25 billion share repurchase program, the
Company used a portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization to pay the counterparty $1.0 billion in cash to repurchase shares of the Company’s common stock. Final settlement of the 2017 ASR Agreement occurred on October 11,
2017. In connection with the 2017 ASR Agreement, the Company received and retired a total of 5,218,670 shares of its common stock at an average price of $191.62.  
 On October 23, 2015, the Company’s Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $800.0 million
of the Company’s common stock. On October 27, 2015, the Company entered into the $600.0 million 2015 ASR Agreement with a counterparty. Pursuant to the terms of the 2015 ASR Agreement, on October 30, 2015, as part of its
$800.0 million share repurchase authorization, the Company used a portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization to pay the counterparty $600.0 million in cash and received 4,858,994 shares of the Company’s common stock.
During the first quarter of 2016, the Company received and retired 456,936 shares of its common stock in connection with the final settlement of its $600.0 million accelerated share repurchase program. In connection with the 2015 ASR Agreement,
the Company received and retired a total of 5,315,930 shares of its common stock at an average price of $112.87.    During 2017, 2016 and
2015, the Company repurchased 5,576,249 shares, 2,816,716 shares (including the 456,936 shares of its common stock received in the first quarter of 2016 in connection with the settlement of the 2015 ASR Agreement), and 6,152,918 shares of common
stock for approximately $1.06 billion, $300.3 million and $738.6 million, respectively. At December 31, 2017, the Company had $198.5 million remaining under the $1.25 billion authorization. The Company’s policy is
to recognize the difference between the purchase price and par value of the common stock in additional  paid-in  capital. In instances where there is no additional  paid-in 
capital, the difference is recognized in retained deficit.    As of December 31, 2017, authorized common stock consists of 160,000,000
voting shares and 10,000,000  non-voting  shares. The share components of outstanding common stock at December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017 are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Voting 
    
   
 42,881,905 
   
    
   
 48,083,721 
   
 
   Non-Voting 
    
   
 16,424 
   
    
   
 16,422 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Common Stock 
    
   
 42,898,329 
   
    
   
 48,100,143 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (11) 
 SEGMENT INFORMATION    The Company has three reportable segments: (i) Domestic Stores;
(ii) Supply Chain; and (iii) International Franchise.    The Company’s operations are organized by management on the combined
basis of line of business and geography. The Domestic Stores segment includes operations with respect to all franchised and Company-owned stores throughout the contiguous United States. The Supply Chain segment primarily includes the distribution of
food, equipment and supplies to stores from the Company’s supply chain center operations in the United States and Canada. The International Franchise segment primarily includes operations related to the Company’s franchising business in
foreign and  non-contiguous  United States markets.    The accounting policies of the reportable
segments are the same as those described in Note 1. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and other, referred to as Segment Income.
 
      70  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The tables below summarize the financial information concerning the Company’s reportable
segments for fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015. Intersegment Revenues are comprised of sales of food, equipment and supplies from the Supply Chain segment to the Company-owned stores in the Domestic Stores segment. Intersegment sales prices are market
based. The “Other” column as it relates to Segment Income and income from operations information below primarily includes corporate administrative costs. The “Other” column as it relates to capital expenditures primarily includes
capitalized software, certain equipment and leasehold improvements. Tabular amounts presented below are in thousands.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Domestic 
   
    
   
   
    
 International 
   
    
 Intersegment 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Stores 
   
    
 Supply Chain 
   
    
 Franchise 
   
    
 Revenues__ 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Revenues- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2017 
    
 $ 
 842,233 
   
    
 $ 
 1,874,943 
   
    
 $ 
 206,708 
   
    
 $ 
 (135,905 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 2,787,979 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 751,284 
   
    
   
 1,669,000 
   
    
   
 176,999 
   
    
   
 (124,655 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,472,628 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 669,724 
   
    
   
 1,495,308 
   
    
   
 163,643 
   
    
   
 (112,147 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,216,528 
   
 
 Segment Income- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2017 
    
 $ 
 306,406 
   
    
 $ 
 163,077 
   
    
 $ 
 161,263 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 (46,958 
 )  
   
 $ 
 583,788 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 271,794 
   
    
   
 144,130 
   
    
   
 138,487 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (42,802 
 )  
   
   
 511,609 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 240,942 
   
    
   
 127,155 
   
    
   
 130,650 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (42,075 
 )  
   
   
 456,672 
   
 
   Income from Operations- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2017 
    
 $ 
 298,852 
   
    
 $ 
 151,622 
   
    
 $ 
 161,066 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 (90,308 
 )  
   
 $ 
 521,232 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 261,826 
   
    
   
 133,745 
   
    
   
 138,306 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (79,835 
 )  
   
   
 454,042 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 233,248 
   
    
   
 117,185 
   
    
   
 130,601 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (75,595 
 )  
   
   
 405,439 
   
 
   Capital Expenditures- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2017 
    
 $ 
 20,579 
   
    
 $ 
 34,123 
   
    
 $ 
 28 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 35,527 
   
   
 $ 
 90,257 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 18,225 
   
    
   
 11,527 
   
    
   
 642 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 31,143 
   
   
   
 61,537 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 25,120 
   
    
   
 9,928 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 27,317 
   
   
   
 62,365 
   
   The following table reconciles total Segment Income to income before provision for income taxes:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2015 
   


 
   Total Segment Income 
    
 $ 
 583,788 
   
    
 $ 
 511,609 
   
    
 $ 
 456,672 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (44,369 
 )  
    
   
 (38,140 
 )  
    
   
 (32,434 
 )  
 
   Gains (losses) on sale/disposal of assets 
    
   
 3,148 
   
    
   
 (863 
 )  
    
   
 (316 
 )  
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 (20,713 
 )  
    
   
 (18,564 
 )  
    
   
 (17,623 
 )  
 
   Recapitalization-related expenses 
    
   
 (622 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 (860 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 521,232 
   
    
   
 454,042 
   
    
   
 405,439 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 1,462 
   
    
   
 685 
   
    
   
 313 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (122,541 
 )  
    
   
 (110,069 
 )  
    
   
 (99,537 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 400,153 
   
    
 $ 
 344,658 
   
    
 $ 
 306,215 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      71  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The following table summarizes the Company’s identifiable asset information as of
December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Domestic Stores 
    
 $ 
 96,771 
   
    
 $ 
 89,220 
   
 
   Domestic supply chain 
    
   
 206,059 
   
    
   
 172,210 
   
 
   Total domestic assets 
    
   
 302,830 
   
    
   
 261,430 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   International Franchise 
    
   
 19,728 
   
    
   
 17,436 
   
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 24,925 
   
    
   
 19,368 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total international assets 
    
   
 44,653 
   
    
   
 36,804 
   
 
   Unallocated 
    
   
 489,270 
   
    
   
 418,061 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total consolidated assets 
    
 $ 
 836,753 
   
    
 $ 
 716,295 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Unallocated assets primarily include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents,
advertising fund assets, investments in marketable securities, certain long-lived assets and deferred income taxes.    The following table
summarizes the Company’s goodwill balance as of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Domestic Stores 
    
 $ 
 14,356 
   
    
 $ 
 14,991 
   
 
   Supply Chain 
    
   
 1,067 
   
    
   
 1,067 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated goodwill 
    
 $ 
 15,423 
   
    
 $ 
 16,058 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (12) 
 SALE AND CLOSURE OF COMPANY-OWNED STORES    During 2017, the Company sold 17 Company-owned stores
to franchisees for proceeds of $6.8 million. In connection with the sale of the stores, the Company recorded a $4.0 million  pre-tax  gain on the sale of the related assets, which was net of a
$0.6 million reduction in goodwill. The gain was recorded in general and administrative expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of income.  
 The Company closed one Company-owned store in 2016. In connection with the closure, the Company recorded a reduction of goodwill of less than
$0.1 million in general and administrative expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of income.    During 2015, the Company
sold four Company-owned stores to franchisees for proceeds of $1.2 million. In connection with the sale of the four stores, the Company recorded a $0.7 million  pre-tax  gain on the sale of the related
assets, which was net of a $0.2 million reduction in goodwill. The gain was recorded in general and administrative expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of income.  
      72  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  (13) PERIODIC FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED; IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)  
 The Company’s convention with respect to reporting periodic financial data is such that each of the first three fiscal quarters consists
of 12 weeks while the last fiscal quarter consists of 16 weeks or 17 weeks. The fourth quarters of 2017 and 2016 are comprised of 16 weeks.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 For the Fiscal 
   
 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Quarter Ended 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 26, 
   
    
 June 18, 
   
    
 September 10, 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 624,217 
   
    
 $ 
 628,611 
   
    
 $ 
 643,642 
   
    
 $ 
 891,509 
   
    
 $ 
 2,787,979 
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 193,816 
   
    
   
 192,845 
   
    
   
 198,478 
   
    
   
 280,852 
   
    
   
 865,991 
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 90,514 
   
    
   
 88,532 
   
    
   
 84,551 
   
    
   
 136,556 
   
    
   
 400,153 
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 62,469 
   
    
   
 65,741 
   
    
   
 56,368 
   
    
   
 93,327 
   
    
   
 277,905 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – basic (1) 
    
 $ 
 1.31 
   
    
 $ 
 1.37 
   
    
 $ 
 1.22 
   
    
 $ 
 2.17 
   
    
 $ 
 6.05 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted (1) 
    
 $ 
 1.26 
   
    
 $ 
 1.32 
   
    
 $ 
 1.18 
   
    
 $ 
 2.09 
   
    
 $ 
 5.83 
   
 
   Common stock dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
    
 $ 
 1.84 
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 For the Fiscal 
   
 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Quarter Ended 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 27, 
   
    
 June 19, 
   
    
 September 11, 
   
    
 January 1, 
   
    
 January 1, 
   
 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2016 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 539,175 
   
    
 $ 
 547,341 
   
    
 $ 
 566,677 
   
    
 $ 
 819,435 
   
    
 $ 
 2,472,628 
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 167,216 
   
    
   
 171,838 
   
    
   
 173,903 
   
    
   
 254,734 
   
    
   
 767,691 
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 72,842 
   
    
   
 78,692 
   
    
   
 75,814 
   
    
   
 117,310 
   
    
   
 344,658 
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 45,451 
   
    
   
 49,261 
   
    
   
 47,232 
   
    
   
 72,734 
   
    
   
 214,678 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – basic 
    
 $ 
 0.91 
   
    
 $ 
 1.00 
   
    
 $ 
 0.98 
   
    
 $ 
 1.52 
   
    
 $ 
 4.41 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted (1) 
    
 $ 
 0.89 
   
    
 $ 
 0.98 
   
    
 $ 
 0.96 
   
    
 $ 
 1.48 
   
    
 $ 
 4.30 
   
 
   Common stock dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 0.38 
   
    
 $ 
 0.38 
   
    
 $ 
 0.38 
   
    
 $ 
 0.38 
   
    
 $ 
 1.52 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Earnings per share figures may not sum to the total due to the rounding of each individual calculation.  
      73  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  (14) SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  
 On February 14, 2018, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.55 per common share payable on
March 30, 2018 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 15, 2018. The Board of Directors also authorized a new share repurchase program to repurchase up to $750.0 million of the Company’s common stock. This
repurchase program replaces the remaining availability of approximately $198.5 million under the Company’s previously approved $1.25 billion share repurchase program that was authorized by the Board on July 27, 2017.  
      74  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  
 None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures.    (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  
 The Company carried out an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to  Rules 13a-15  and  15d-15  of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that all information required in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act was accumulated and communicated to the
Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period required
by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.    (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.    (c) Management’s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting.    The management of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in  Rule 13a-15(f)  promulgated under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
Company’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company’s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under
the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2017 based on the framework in  Internal Control  — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that
evaluation, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2017. The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, has been
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.      
 
 
 Ite m 9B. 
 Other Information.    None.  
      75  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  P art III  
   
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.    The following table sets forth information
about our executive officers and directors.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
   Age 
    
   Position 


 
 David A. Brandon 
    
 65 
    
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 J. Patrick Doyle 
    
 54 
    
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
    
 44 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Richard E. Allison, Jr. 
    
 51 
    
 President, Domino’s International 
 
 Russell J. Weiner 
    
 49 
    
 President, Domino’s USA 
 
 Troy A. Ellis 
    
 52 
    
 Executive Vice President, Supply Chain Services 
 
 Stanley J. Gage 
    
 51 
    
 Executive Vice President, Team USA 
 
 Scott R. Hinshaw 
    
 55 
    
 Executive Vice President, Franchise Operations and Development 
 
 Timothy P. McIntyre 
    
 55 
    
 Executive Vice President, Communication, Investor Relations and Legislative Affairs 
 
 Kevin S. Morris 
    
 57 
    
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel 
 
 J. Kevin Vasconi 
    
 57 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer 
 
 Judith L. Werthauser 
    
 52 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer 
 
 C. Andrew Ballard 
    
 45 
    
 Director 
 
 Andrew B. Balson 
    
 51 
    
 Director 
 
 Diana F. Cantor 
    
 60 
    
 Director 
 
 Richard L. Federico 
    
 63 
    
 Director 
 
 James A. Goldman 
    
 59 
    
 Director 
   David A. Brandon  has served as our Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 1999. Mr. Brandon is
currently Chairman and CEO of Toys “R” Us, Inc., the world’s largest specialty retailer of toy and baby products, a position he has held since July 2015. Previously, he was the Director of Athletics at the University of Michigan from
March 2010 to October 2014. Mr. Brandon served as our Chief Executive Officer from March 1999 to March 2010 and was retained by the Company as a Special Advisor from March 2010 to January 2011. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Brandon
was President and Chief Executive Officer of Valassis, Inc., a company in the sales promotion and coupon industries, from 1989 to 1998 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Valassis, Inc. from 1997 to 1998. In addition to serving on the Boards
of Directors for Domino’s and Toys “R” Us, Mr. Brandon also serves on the boards of DTE Energy and Herman Miller Inc. He previously served on the boards of Burger King Corporation, Kaydon Corporation, Northwest Airlines and the
TJX Companies, Inc.    J. Patrick Doyle  has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2010 and was appointed to the
Board of Directors in February 2010. Mr. Doyle served as President, Domino’s USA from September 2007 to March 2010, Executive Vice President, Team USA from 2004 to 2007, Executive Vice President of International from May 1999 to October
2004 and as interim Executive Vice President of Build the Brand from December 2000 to July 2001. Mr. Doyle served as Senior Vice President of Marketing from the time he joined Domino’s in 1997 until May 1999. Mr. Doyle serves on the
Board of Directors of Best Buy Co., Inc. and also previously served on the Board of Directors of G&K Services, Inc. In January 2018, Mr. Doyle announced that he will resign from his position as President, Chief Executive Officer and
Director of the Company effective June 30, 2018.    Jeffrey D. Lawrence  has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer since August 2015. He previously served as Vice President – Finance and Treasurer from January 2014 to August 2015, and as Vice President of International Finance, Strategy & Insights and Administration from 2008 to January
2014. Prior to joining the International team, Mr. Lawrence served as Vice President and Corporate Controller from 2002 to 2008. Mr. Lawrence began his career at Domino’s in 2000. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Lawrence was
a Manager of Audit and Business Advisory Services in the Detroit office of Arthur Andersen LLP.    Richard E. Allison, Jr.  has served as our
President, Domino’s International since October 2014, after joining the Company in March 2011 as Executive Vice President of International. In January 2018, the Company announced that the Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Allison to
succeed Mr. Doyle as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, effective July 1, 2018. Mr. Allison shall also be appointed to the Company’s Board of Directors as soon as practical after July 1, 2018. Prior to joining
Domino’s, Mr. Allison served as a Partner at Bain & Company, Inc. from 2004 through December 2010, as  co-leader  of Bain’s restaurant practice and was employed with Bain &
Company for more than 13 years.  
      76  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Russell J. Weiner  has served as President, Domino’s USA (which represents our domestic
franchised and Company-owned store operations, in addition to U.S. marketing) since October 2014. Mr. Weiner served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, from September 2008 to October 2014. In January 2018, the Company
announced that the Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Weiner to the newly-created role of Chief Operating Officer and President of the Americas, effective July 1, 2018. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Weiner held various
marketing positions at PepsiCo, Inc. from 1998 to 2008, most recently serving as Vice President of Marketing, Colas for Pepsi-Cola North America. Mr. Weiner serves on the Board of Directors of The Clorox Company.  
 Troy A. Ellis  has served as our Executive Vice President, Supply Chain Services since June 2015. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Ellis
served as Senior Vice President of Conversion of Coca-Cola Refreshments, overseeing manufacturing, transportation planning and third-party logistics. Prior to that role, he spent nearly three years as Senior Vice President of Manufacturing after
joining Coca-Cola Refreshments in 2010. From 2000 to 2010, Mr. Ellis held various leadership roles with Coca-Cola Enterprises including Central Business Unit Vice President of Supply Chain. Prior to joining Coca-Cola, he worked for PepsiCo and
Kimberly Clark Corp., after serving in the U.S. Army from 1988-1991.    Stanley J. Gage  has served as our Executive Vice President, Team USA
(which represents our Company-owned store division) since August 2014. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Gage served as Vice President of the Americas Region and International Training since October 2012 and as Vice President of Operations Training
and Support from 2008 through October 2012. Mr. Gage joined Domino’s in 1985.    Scott R. Hinshaw  has served as our Executive Vice
President, Franchise Operations and Development since January 2008. Mr. Hinshaw served as Executive Vice President, Team USA from September 2007 to January 2008. Mr. Hinshaw also served as a Vice President within Team USA from 1994 through
September 2007. Mr. Hinshaw joined Domino’s in 1986.    Timothy P. McIntyre  has served as Executive Vice President, Communication,
Investor Relations and Legislative Affairs since May 2016. Mr. McIntyre served as Vice President of Communication from August 1997 to May 2016. Mr. McIntyre serves on Eastern Michigan University’s College of Business Marketing
Advisory Board and served on the Board of Directors of Food Gatherers through December 2017. Mr. McIntyre joined Domino’s in 1985.    Kevin
S. Morris  has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel since January 2017. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Morris served at New York-based Equinox Holdings, Inc. and its various operating subsidiaries and affiliates
from December 2012 to January 2017, most recently as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Morris operated his own private legal practice from July 2009 to November 2012. Prior to 2009, Mr. Morris served as
Vice President and Associate General Counsel at Global Hyatt Corporation (the predecessor in interest to Hyatt Hotels Corporation) from 1999 to 2008. Prior to 1999, Mr. Morris served as a Senior International Attorney and Staff Director at
McDonald’s Corporation after beginning his career as an attorney at Rudnick & Wolfe.       J. Kevin Vasconi  has
served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since March 2012. Mr. Vasconi served as Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Engineering at Stanley Black & Decker – Stanley Security Solutions from
2011 to March 2012. Prior to his role at Stanley Security Solutions, Mr. Vasconi served in a variety of roles at R.L. Polk & Co. from 2003 to 2011, most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Polk Global
Automotive.    Judith L. Werthauser  has served as Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer since January 2016. Ms. Werthauser
previously served as Senior Vice President of Human Resources at Target Corp. Ms. Werthauser joined Target in 2008, holding increasing levels of human resources responsibilities. Prior to Target, Ms. Werthauser was Senior
Vice President of Human Resources for U.S. Bancorp in Minneapolis, held several senior human resources positions at Marshall Field’s department stores and directed student programs at the University of Minnesota.
Ms. Werthauser was also the  co-owner  and operations leader of Aljohn’s and Junkyard Retailers, a diverse retailing and manufacturing company that she grew from one to 11 locations.  
      77  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  C. Andrew Ballard  has served on our Board of Directors since July 2015 and is a member of the
Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Ballard currently serves as the CEO and  Co-founder  of Wiser Solutions, Inc., a technology and
data company, and is also the Founder and Managing Partner of Figtree Partners, an investment firm focused on digital media. In addition, he is a Senior Advisor at the private equity firm Hellman & Friedman, where he was previously a
Managing Director. Prior to joining Hellman & Friedman in 2003, Mr. Ballard worked at Bain Capital in San Francisco and Boston, as well as Bain & Company from 1994 to 2002. In addition to serving on Domino’s Board,
Mr. Ballard is currently Chairman of Datacor, Inc. and Vice Chairman of Zignal Labs, and has held previous board roles at Activant Solutions Inc., Catalina Marketing Corporation, DoubleClick Inc., Getty Images, Internet Brands, Inc. and
Vertafore, Inc. Mr. Ballard is the Chair of the Board of Trustees and Chair of the Investment Committee of the San Francisco Foundation. He is also actively involved with Family Connections, a tuition free preschool for under-served families.
   Andrew B. Balson  has served on our Board of Directors since March 1999 and serves as the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors. Mr. Balson is currently the Managing Partner of Cove Hill Partners, a firm formed to make private equity investments. Previously, Mr. Balson was the CEO of Match Beyond, a position he held from January 2015 to June
2016. Prior to becoming the CEO of Match Beyond, Mr. Balson was a Managing Director at Bain Capital, a global investment company, from 2001 to 2013. Mr. Balson became a Principal of Bain Capital in January 1998. Mr. Balson previously
served on the Boards of Directors of Bloomin’ Brands, Inc., FleetCor Technologies, Inc., Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., Skylark Co., Ltd., Bellsystem24, Burger King Corporation, and Bright Horizons Solutions, as well as numerous private companies.
   Diana F. Cantor  has served on our Board of Directors since October 2005, serves as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors and also serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. Ms. Cantor is currently a Partner at Alternative Investment Management, LLC, a position she has held since January 2010, and is the Vice
Chairman of the Virginia Retirement System, where she also serves on the Audit and Compliance Committee. Ms. Cantor was a Managing Director with New York Private Bank and Trust from January 2008 through the end of 2009. Ms. Cantor served
as Executive Director of the Virginia College Savings Plan, the state’s 529 college savings program, from 1996 to January 2008. Ms. Cantor served seven years as Vice President of Richmond Resources, Ltd. from 1990 through 1996, and as Vice
President of Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1985 to 1990. Ms. Cantor serves on the Board of Directors of Universal Corporation, and she previously served on the Boards of Directors of Media General, Inc., Revlon, Inc., Vistage
International, Knowledge Universe – US, Edelman Financial Services and Service King Body and Paint LLC.    Richard L. Federico  has served
on our Board of Directors since February 2011 and is a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Federico is currently the  Non-Executive  Chairman of P.F.
Chang’s China Bistro Inc., based in Scottsdale, Arizona. Mr. Federico previously served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or  Co-Chief  Executive Officer of P.F. Chang’s from September
1997 to March 2015 and as Executive Chairman from March 2015 to February 2016. Mr. Federico serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jamba Inc., also serves on a private company board, and is a founding director of Chances for
Children.    James A. Goldman  has served on our Board of Directors since March 2010 and serves as the Chairperson of the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Goldman served as President and CEO and Board member of Godiva Chocolatier Inc., based in New York City from 2004 to 2014. Mr. Goldman was
President of the Food and Beverage Division at Campbell Soup Company from 2001 to 2004. Mr. Goldman worked in various executive positions at Nabisco Inc. from 1992 to 2000. Prior to his work at Nabisco Inc., Mr. Goldman was a senior
consulting associate at McKinsey & Co. Mr. Goldman is currently a Senior Advisor at Eurazeo, a private equity firm listed on the Paris Stock Exchange. Mr. Goldman is also currently on the Board of Trustees of Save the Children in
Fairfield, CT, the Executive Board of the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, RI and the Advisory Boards of FEED Projects in New York, NY and Sugarfina in Los Angeles, CA. Mr. Goldman previously served as a member of the Board of
Directors at The Children’s Place Retail and served on its Compensation Committee. Mr. Goldman previously served on the Board of Trustees at the YMCA Camps Becket and Chimney Corners in Becket, MA.  
 The remaining information required by this item is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be
filed within 120 days of December 31, 2017.  
      78  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 11. 
 E xecutive Compensation.    Information regarding executive compensation is
incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2017. However, no information set forth in the proxy statement regarding the Audit Committee Report
shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Form  10-K.       
 
 
 Item 12. 
 Sec urity Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is incorporated by reference from
Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2017.      
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy
statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2017.      
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services.    Information regarding principal
accountant fees and services is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 31, 2017.  
      79  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Part IV  
   
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.    (a)1. Financial Statements: The following
financial statements for Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and subsidiaries are included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”:      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, January 1, 2017
and January 3, 2016 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2017,
January 1, 2017 and January 3, 2016 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2017,
January 1, 2017 and January 3, 2016 
    
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2017, January 1,
2017 and January 3, 2016 
    
 
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
 
     
 
 
   
 2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules: The following financial statement schedules are attached to this report.  
 Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of the Registrant  
 Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information is included in the financial statements or
the notes thereto.      
 
 
   
 3. 
 Exhibits: Certain of the following Exhibits have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such
exhibits are identified by the parenthetical references following the listing of each such exhibit and are incorporated herein by reference.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit 
 Number 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
     3.1 
    
 Form of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Domino’s Pizza,
 Inc. registration statement on Form  S-1  filed on April 13, 2004 (Reg.  No. 333-114442)  (the  “S-1”)). 
 
 
 
 
 
     3.2 
    
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.2 to the Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 14, 2015).  
 
 
 
 
     3.3 
    
 Second Amended and Restated  By-Laws  of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.3 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 3, 2016).  
 
 
 
 
   10.1 
    
 Lease Agreement dated as of December 
21, 1998 by and between Domino’s Farms Office Park Limited Partnership and Domino’s, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.3 to the Domino’s, Inc. registration statement on Form  S-4  filed on March 22, 1999 (Reg.  No. 333-74797)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.2 
    
 Fourth Amendment to the Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of August 28,
 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 30, 2012 (the “2012
 10-K”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.3 
    
 Fifth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of February 1,
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 1, 2017 (the “2016
 10-K”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.4 
    
 Sixth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of February 1,
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 2016  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.5 
    
 Seventh Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of April 
19, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2016  10-K).   
 
      80  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
   10.6 
    
 Eighth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of November 4,
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the 2016  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.7 
    
 Ninth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of February 16,
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the 2016  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.8 
    
 Tenth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of November 7, 2017.  
 
 
 
 
   10.9* 
    
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan adopted effective January 
1, 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 1, 2006).  
 
 
 
 
   10.10* 
    
 First Amendment to the Domino’s Pizza Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 
1, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2006).  
 
 
 
 
   10.11* 
    
 Second Amendment to the Domino’s Pizza Deferred Compensation Plan effective February 
8, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2012  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.12* 
    
 Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 22, 2009 (the “March 2009  10-Q”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.13* 
    
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.8 to the 2012  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.14* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 2012  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.15* 
    
 Form of Director Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.3 to the March 2009  10-Q).   
 
 
 
 
   10.16* 
    
 Form of Amendment to Existing Director Stock Option Grants (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the March 2009  10-Q).   
 
 
 
 
   10.17* 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the 2012  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.18* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the 2012  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.19* 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the 2012  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.20* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the 2012  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.21* 
    
 Form of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to
 the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 3, 2010).  
 
 
 
 
   10.22* 
    
 Amended and Restated Domino’s Pizza Senior Executive Annual Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant’s
 annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 2, 2011).  
 
 
 
 
   10.23* 
    
 Amended and Restated Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Employee Stock Payroll Deduction Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant’s
 annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 29, 2013).  
 
 
 
 
   10.24* 
    
 Form of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment 
& Direct Stock Purchase and Sale Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the  S-1).   
 
      81  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
   10.25* 
    
 Form of 2018 Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on January 11, 2018 (the “January 2018  8-K”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.26* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of February 
23, 2015 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and J. Patrick Doyle (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 
28, 2014 (the “2014  10-K”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.27* 
    
 Time Sharing Agreement dated as of February 
23, 2015 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and J. Patrick Doyle (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the 2014  10-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.28* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of August 
28, 2015 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Jeffrey Lawrence (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 6, 2015).
 
 
 
 
 
   10.29* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 
2, 2008 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.01 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on September 4, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
   10.30* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment agreement dated as of September 
2, 2008 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on December 24, 2008).  
 
 
 
 
   10.31* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement dated as of July 
26, 2010 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 20, 2010).
 
 
 
 
 
   10.32* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 
8, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the January 2018  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.33* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of March 
14, 2011 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Richard E. Allison, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 
27, 2011).  
 
 
 
 
   10.34* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 
8, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Domino’s Pizza LLC and Richard E. Allison, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the January 2018  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.35* 
    
 Time Sharing Agreement dated as of January 
8, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Richard E. Allison, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the January 2018  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.36* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 7, 2016 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Kevin S. Morris.  
 
 
 
 
   10.37 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the  S-1). 
 
 
 
 
 
   10.38 
    
 Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as  Co-Issuer,  and Citibank, N.A., as
 Trustee and Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on March 19, 2012 (the “March 2012  8-K”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.39 
    
 First Supplement dated as of September 16, 2013 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated as of March 
15, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on October 
22, 2015 (the “October 2015  8-K”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.40 
    
 Second Supplement dated as of October 21, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated as of March 
15, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the October 2015  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.41 
    
 Third Supplement dated as of October 21, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated as of March 
15, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the October 2015  8-K).   
 
      82  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
   10.42 
    
 Fourth Supplement dated as of July 24, 2017 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated as of March 
15, 2012 by and among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  and Citibank,
 N.A., as Trustee and Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed on July 25, 2017 (the “July 2017  8-K”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.43 
    
 Series  2012-1  Supplement dated March 
15, 2012 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as a  Co-Issuer  of the Series  2012-1  5.216% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2  and the Series  2012-1  Variable Funding Senior Notes,  Class A-1,  and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Series  2012-1  Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the March 2012  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.44 
    
 Series  2015-1  Supplement dated as of October 
21, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as a  Co-Issuer  of the Series  2015-1  3.484% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class 
A-2-I,  the Series  2015-1  4.474% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  and the Series  2015-1  Variable Funding Senior Notes,  Class 
A-1,  and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Series  2015-1  Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the October 2015  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.45 
    
 Series  2017-1  Supplement dated as of July 
24, 2017 by and among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  and Citibank,
 N.A., as Trustee, Series  2017-1  Securities Intermediary and Calculation Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the July 2017  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.46 
    
 Purchase Agreement dated as of October 
14, 2015 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc. for the Series  2015-1  3.484% Fixed Rate Senior
 Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  and the Series  2015-1  4.474% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the October 2015  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.47 
    
 Purchase Agreement dated as of June 
12, 2017 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s SPV Guarantor
 LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as Guarantor, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as manager,
Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Domino’s Inc., as parent companies, and Guggenheim Securities, LLC and Barclays Capital Inc., as initial purchasers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Current Report on Form
 8-K,  filed on June 14, 2017 (the “June 2017  8-K”)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.48 
    
 Class  A-1  Note Purchase Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as a  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s Pizza
 LLC, as Manager, certain conduit investors, certain financial institutions and certain funding agents, Barclays Bank PLC, as L/C Provider, as Swingline Lender and as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the March 2012  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.49 
    
 Class  A-1  Note Purchase Agreement dated as of October 
21, 2015 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as a  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s Pizza
 Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC, Domino’s EQ LLC and Domino’s SPV Guarantor LLC, each as Guarantor, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as
Manager, certain conduit investors, certain financial institutions and certain funding agents, Rabobank Nederland, New York Branch, as L/C Provider, as Swingline Lender and as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
October 2015  8-K).   
 
      83  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
   10.50 
    
 Class A-1  Note Purchase Agreement dated June 
12, 2017 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s SPV Guarantor
 LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as Guarantor, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as manager,
certain conduit investors, financial institutions and funding agents, and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as provider of letters of credit, as swingline lender and as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to the June 2017  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.51 
    
 Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s SPV Guarantor LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as a Guarantor, in
 favor of Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the March 2012  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.52 
    
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, certain subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC party thereto, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as Manager and in its individual capacity, Domino’s Pizza NS Co., and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the March 2012  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.53 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of October 21, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, certain subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC party thereto, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as Manager and in its individual capacity, Domino’s Pizza NS Co., and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the October 2015  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.54 
    
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of July 24, 2017 to the Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 by and among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, certain subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC party thereto, Domino’s SPV Guarantor LLC, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as manager and in its individual capacity, Domino’s
 Pizza NS Co., and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the July 2017  8-K)).   
 
 
 
 
   10.55 
    
 Parent Company Support Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 made by Domino’s Pizza, Inc. in favor of Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the October 2015  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.56 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of October 21, 2015 to the Parent Company Support Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 made by Domino’s Pizza, Inc. in favor of Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the October 2015  8-K).   
 
 
 
 
   10.57 
    
 Master Confirmation – Uncollared Accelerated Share Repurchase dated as of October 
27, 2015 between Domino’s Pizza, Inc., and JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s the current report on Form  8-K  filed on October 27,
 2015).  
 
 
 
 
   10.58 
    
 Fixed Dollar Accelerated Share Repurchase Transaction Confirmation, dated August 
2, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed on August 2, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
   10.59 
    
 Omnibus Amendment No. 
1, dated December 15, 2017, among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s
SPV Guarantor LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as Guarantor, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as
manager, certain conduit investors, financial institutions and funding agents, and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as provider of letters of credit, as swingline lender and as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed on December 19, 2017).  
 
 
 
 
   10.60 
    
 Agreement dated as of January 
6, 2009 between Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Blue Harbour Strategic Value Partners Master Fund, LP and Blue Harbour Institutional Partners Master Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on January 9, 2009).  
 
 
 
 
   10.61 
    
 Board of Directors’ Compensation.  
 
      84  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 


 
   12.1 
    
 Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.  
 
 
 
 
   21.1 
    
 Subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 
 
 
 
   23.1 
    
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.  
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 
 
 
 
   32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 
 
 
 
   32.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
     
 
 
 * 
 A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form  10-K.   
   
 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form  10-K  Summary.    Not applicable .   
      85  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SCHEDULE I – CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE REGISTRANT  
 DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC.  
 PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
   
 January 1, 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 6 
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   LIABILITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity in net deficit of subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 2,735,384 
   
   
 $ 
 1,883,143 
   
 
   Due to subsidiary 
    
   
 6 
   
   
   
 6 
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 2,735,390 
   
   
   
 1,883,149 
   
 
   STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 170,000,000 shares authorized; 42,898,329 in 2017 and
48,100,143 in 2016 issued and outstanding 
    
   
 429 
   
   
   
 481 
   
 
   Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 5,654 
   
   
   
 1,006 
   
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (2,739,437 
 )  
   
   
 (1,881,520 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (2,030) 
   
   
   
 (3,110) 
   
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (2,735,384) 
   
   
   
 (1,883,143) 
   
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 6 
   
   See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      86  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC.  
 PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
    
 January 1, 2017 
   
    
 January 3, 2016 
   


 
   REVENUES 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   OPERATING EXPENSES 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Equity earnings in subsidiaries 
    
   
 277,905 
   
    
   
 214,678 
   
    
   
 192,789 
   
 
   INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 277,905 
   
    
   
 214,678 
   
    
   
 192,789 
   
 
   PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   NET INCOME 
    
 $ 
 277,905 
   
    
 $ 
 214,678 
   
    
 $ 
 192,789 
   
 
   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
 $ 
 278,985 
   
    
 $ 
 215,116 
   
    
 $ 
 191,902 
   
 
   EARNINGS PER SHARE: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Common Stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 6.05 
   
    
 $ 
 4.41 
   
    
 $ 
 3.58 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Common Stock – diluted 
    
 $ 
 5.83 
   
    
 $ 
 4.30 
   
    
 $ 
 3.47 
   
   See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      87  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC.  
 PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
   
 January 1, 
   
   
 January 3, 
   
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 299,576 
   
   
 $ 
 281,731 
   
   
 $ 
 226,912 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Dividends from subsidiaries 
    
   
 852,325 
   
   
   
 82,856 
   
   
   
 594,591 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
    
   
 852,325 
   
   
   
 82,856 
   
   
   
 594,591 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Payments of common stock dividends 
    
   
 (84,298 
 )  
   
   
 (73,925 
 )  
   
   
 (80,329 
 )  
 
   Purchase of common stock 
    
   
 (1,064,253 
 )  
   
   
 (300,250 
 )  
   
   
 (738,557 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (3,350 
 )  
   
   
 9,588 
   
   
   
 (2,617 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (1,151,901 
 )  
   
   
 (364,587 
 )  
   
   
 (821,503 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
    
   
 6 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      88  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC.  
 NOTES TO PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 
 
 (1) 
 INTRODUCTION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION    Domino’s Pizza, Inc., on a stand-alone basis, (the
“Parent Company”) has accounted for majority-owned subsidiaries using the equity method of accounting. The accompanying condensed financial statements of the Parent Company should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) and the notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Form  10-K.  These financial statements have been provided to comply with
Rule  4-08(e)  of Regulation  S-X.     Use of Estimates 
   The use of estimates is inherent in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.    Recently Adopted Accounting Standards   
 In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU  2016-09, 
 Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (ASU  2016-09).  ASU  2016-09  is intended to simplify
several areas of accounting for share-based compensation arrangements, including the income tax impact, classification on the statement of cash flows and forfeitures. The new standard was effective for the Parent Company beginning January 2,
2017.    As a result, excess tax benefits or deficiencies from equity-based compensation activity are reflected in the parent company
condensed statements of income and comprehensive income as a component of equity earnings in subsidiaries. The Company also elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than to use an estimate of expected forfeitures for financial
statement reporting purposes. The adoption of ASU  2016-09  resulted in an increase to net income of $27.2 million in fiscal 2017, primarily due to the recognition of excess tax benefits for options
exercised and the vesting of equity awards. The Company’s election to account for forfeitures as they occur had an immaterial impact on its equity-based compensation expense.  
   
 
 
 (2) 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION    During 2017, 2016 and 2015, the Parent
Company received dividends from its subsidiaries primarily consisting of amounts received to repurchase common stock in connection with the Company’s 2017 and 2015 recapitalization transactions. See Note 4 to the Company’s consolidated
financial statements as filed in this Form  10-K  for a description of the recapitalization transactions that occurred in 2017 and 2015.  
      89  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (in thousands) 
    
 Balance Beginning of Year 
   
    
 Provision (Benefit) 
   
   
 Additions/ Deductions from Reserves * 
   
   
 Translation Adjustments 
   
   
 Balance End of Year 
   


 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2017 
    
 $ 
 2,342 
   
    
 $ 
 (88 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (830 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 1,424 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 2,662 
   
    
   
 (51 
 )  
   
   
 (269 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,342 
   
 
   2015 
    
   
 3,361 
   
    
   
 (582 
 )  
   
   
 (109 
 )  
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 2,662 
   
     
 
 
 * 
 Consists primarily of write-offs, recoveries of bad debt and certain reclassifications.  
      90  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this annual report to be
signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 


 
 DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
 
 Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 February 20, 2018 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrants and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   /s/ J. Patrick Doyle 
   
 
   
   President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 J. Patrick Doyle 
   
 
   
 
 February 20, 2018 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
   
 
   
   Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
   
 
   
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 February 20, 2018 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ David A. Brandon 
   
 
   
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 David A. Brandon 
   
 
   
 
 
 February 20, 2018 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ C. Andrew Ballard 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 C. Andrew Ballard 
   
 
   
 
 
 February 20, 2018 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Andrew B. Balson 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 Andrew B. Balson 
   
 
   
 
 
 February 20, 2018 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Diana F. Cantor 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 Diana F. Cantor 
   
 
   
 
 
 February 20, 2018 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Richard L. Federico 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 Richard L. Federico 
   
 
   
 
 
 February 20, 2018 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ James A. Goldman 
   
 
   
 Director 
 
 James A. Goldman 
   
 
   
 
   February 20, 2018  
      91  

 
 
 
