
 10-K
 1
 d741932d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K
         
 (Mark One)  
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended June 29, 2014  
  OR      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from              to
            .    Commission file number: 0-12933
         
 LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
       
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 94-2634797 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer   Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
   4650 Cushing Parkway   Fremont, California 
   
 94538 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (510) 572-0200  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of class 
   
   Name of exchange on which registered 


 
 Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share 
   
   The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC   (NASDAQ Global Select Market) 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None  
 (Title of class)      
     Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities  Act.    Yes   x      No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the  Act.    Yes   ¨      No   x   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes   x      No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes   x      No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 x 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ¨    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x   
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant’s Common Stock, $0.001 par value, held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, as of
December 29, 2013, the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter with respect to the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K, was $6,184,276,734. Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who
owns 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock has been excluded from this computation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination of such status for
other purposes.    As of August 20, 2014, the Registrant had 162,075,237 outstanding shares of Common Stock.  
       
 Documents Incorporated by Reference    Parts of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on or about November 6, 2014 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form
10-K. (However, the Reports of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee are expressly not incorporated by reference herein.)      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
 2014 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K    TABLE OF CONTENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
      
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   Part I.  
      
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
      
 Business 
    
   
 3 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1A. 
      
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 14 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1B. 
      
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 26 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 2. 
      
 Properties 
    
   
 26 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 3. 
      
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 26 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 4. 
      
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 26 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Part II. 
      
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
      
 Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 27 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 6. 
      
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 30 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 7. 
      
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 32 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 7A. 
      
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
   
 45 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 8. 
      
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 47 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9. 
      
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 47 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9A. 
      
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 48 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9B. 
      
 Other Information 
    
   
 48 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Part III. 
      
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
      
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 49 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 11. 
      
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 49 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 12. 
      
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 49 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 13. 
      
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 49 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 14. 
      
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 49 
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Part IV. 
      
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
      
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 50 
   
 
 
 
 
   Signatures 
    
   
 96 
   
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit Index 
    
   
 99 
    
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    With the exception of historical facts, the statements contained in this discussion are forward-looking statements, which are subject to the safe harbor provisions created by the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain, but not all, of the forward-looking statements in this report are specifically identified as forward-looking, by use of phrases and words such as “believe,” “anticipate,”
“expect,” “may,” “should,” “could” and other future-oriented terms. The identification of certain statements as “forward-looking” is not intended to mean that other statements not specifically
identified are not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to: trends and opportunities in the global economic environment and the semiconductor industry; the anticipated levels of, and
rates of change in, future shipments, margins, market share, capital expenditures, international sales, revenue and operating expenses generally; management’s plans and objectives for our current and future operations and business focus;
volatility in our quarterly results; customer requirements and our ability to satisfy those requirements; customer capital spending and their demand for our products, and the reliability of indicators of change in customer spending and demand;
hedging transactions; our ability to defend our market share and to gain new market share; our ability to obtain and qualify alternative sources of supply; factors that affect our tax rates; anticipated growth in the industry and the total market
for wafer-fabrication equipment and our growth relative to such growth; levels of research and development expenditures and joint development relationships with customers, suppliers or other industry members; outsourced activities; the role of
component suppliers in our business; the resources invested to comply with all evolving standards and the impact of such efforts; the estimates we make, and the accruals we record, in order to implement our critical accounting policies (including
but not limited to the adequacy of prior tax payments, future tax liabilities and the adequacy of our accruals relating to them); our access to capital markets; our intention to pay quarterly dividends and the amounts thereof, if any ;
 our intention to repurchase our shares; our ability to manage and grow our cash position; and the sufficiency of our financial resources to support future business activities (including but not limited to operations, investments, debt
service requirements and capital expenditures). Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value, and effect, including without limitation those discussed below
under the heading “Risk Factors” within Item 1A and elsewhere in this report and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), such as our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for
the quarters ended September 29, 2013, December 29, 2013 and March 30, 2014, and our current reports on Form 8-K. Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value, and effect could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those expressed in this report and in ways not readily foreseeable. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof and are based on information
currently and reasonably known to us. We do not undertake any obligation to release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements, which may be made to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this report or to
reflect the occurrence or effect of anticipated or unanticipated events.      
 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business      Incorporated in 1980, Lam Research Corporation (“Lam Research,” “Lam,” “we,” or the “Company”) is a Delaware corporation, headquartered in Fremont, California. We
maintain a network of facilities throughout Asia, Europe, and the United States of America in order to meet the needs of our dynamic customer base.    Additional information about Lam Research is available on our website at www.lamresearch.com.    Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q, Current Reports on Forms 8-K, and any amendments to those reports are available on our website as soon as reasonably practical after we
file them with or furnish them to the SEC and are also available online at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Lam Research logo, Lam Research, and all product and service names used in this report
are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Lam Research Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other marks mentioned herein are the property of their respective holders.  
 Lam Research is a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry. We design,
manufacture, market, refurbish, and service semiconductor processing systems that are used in the fabrication of integrated circuits (“ICs”). Our market-leading products are designed to help our customers build smaller, faster, and more
power-efficient devices that are used in a variety of electronic products, including cell phones, tablets, computers, storage devices, and networking equipment.    The Company’s customer base includes leading semiconductor memory, foundry, and integrated device manufacturers (“IDMs”) that make products such as DRAM, NAND memory, and logic devices.
Semiconductor manufacturing, our customers’ business, involves the complete fabrication of multiple die, or ICs, on a wafer. This involves the repetition of a set of core processes and can require hundreds of individual steps. On a silicon
wafer, a tiny, intricate pattern is precisely replicated across the wafer surface to create identical miniature devices, where features can be 1,000 times smaller than a grain of sand. Fabricating these devices requires highly sophisticated process
technologies and precision control at the atomic scale. Along with meeting technical requirements, wafer processing equipment must deliver high productivity and be cost-effective.  
 At Lam Research, we leverage our expertise in semiconductor device processing to develop enabling technology and productivity solutions
that typically benefit our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and/or reduced cost. We offer a broad portfolio of complementary products that are used in several areas of the semiconductor manufacturing
process flow, including thin film deposition, plasma etch, and wafer cleaning. These processes, which are repeated numerous times during the wafer fabrication cycle, are utilized to manufacture every type of semiconductor device.  
 Our products are used primarily in front-end wafer processing, which involves the steps that create the active components of a device
(transistor, capacitor) and their wiring (interconnect). Market demand for ever-smaller IC designs is driving the development of and migration to new fabrication strategies, such as three-dimensional (“3D”) architectures and multiple
patterning. We also address processes for back-end wafer-level packaging (“WLP”), which is an alternative to traditional two dimensional packaging and can offer a smaller form factor, increased interconnect speed and bandwidth, and lower
power consumption, among other benefits. In addition, our products are well-suited for related markets that rely on semiconductor processes and require production-proven manufacturing capability, such as micro-electromechanical systems
(“MEMS”).    The Company’s high-productivity thin film deposition systems form a device’s sub-microscopic
layers of conducting (metal) or insulating (dielectric) materials. Lam is the market leader in plasma etch, a highly critical process step that selectively removes materials from the wafer to create the features and patterns of a device. Our
photoresist strip systems remove the photoresist mask before a wafer proceeds to the next processing step. Lam’s wet spin clean and plasma-based bevel clean products remove particles, residues and film from the wafer surface before or after
adjacent processes.    Our Customer Support Business Group (“CSBG”) provides products and services to maximize
installed equipment performance and operational efficiency. We offer a broad range of services to deliver value throughout the lifecycle of our equipment, including customer service, spares, upgrades, and refurbishment of our deposition, etch,
photoresist strip, and clean products. Many of the technical advances that we introduce in our newest products are also available as upgrades, which provide customers with a cost-effective strategy for extending the performance and capabilities of
their existing wafer fabrication lines. CSBG also offers refurbished and newly built previous-generation (legacy) equipment for those applications that do not require the most advanced wafer processing capability.  
 Silfex Inc. (“Silfex”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lam. Silfex is a leading provider of high-purity custom silicon
components and assemblies that serve technology markets such as semiconductor equipment. Peter Wolters  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lam until we sold substantially all of Peter Wolters on July 2, 2014. Peter Wolters designs and manufactures high-precision grinding, lapping, polishing, and
deburring systems used in the automotive, aerospace, medical, semiconductor manufacturing and other industries.    Products  
 Thin Film Deposition    In leading-edge semiconductor designs, metal deposition processes face significant scaling and integration challenges. For advanced copper interconnect structures, challenges for electrochemical
deposition (“ECD”) include providing complete, void-free fill of high aspect ratio (“HAR”) structures with low defectivity and high productivity. Electroplating of copper and other metals is also used for through-silicon via
(“TSV”) and WLP applications, such as forming conductive bumps and redistribution layers (“RDLs”). These applications require excellent within-wafer uniformity at high plating rates, minimal defects, and cost competitiveness. For
tungsten chemical vapor deposition (“CVD”)/atomic layer deposition (“ALD”) processes, key requirements are minimizing contact resistance to meet lower power consumption requirements and achieving void-free fill for narrow
nanoscale structures. In addition, good barrier step coverage at reduced thicknesses relative to physical vapor deposition/CVD barrier films is also needed to improve contact fill and reduce resistivity.  
 In dielectric deposition, high-productivity, high-quality films are needed for a number of critical process steps. For example,
next-generation FinFET transistor structures and back-end-of-line (“BEOL”) self-aligned double patterning require highly conformal film deposition and atomic-scale control of film dimensions to ensure device performance. The numerous
alternating film layers used in new 3D NAND designs require exceptional stress and defectivity control and ultra-smooth film deposition. Plasma-enhanced CVD (“PECVD”) is often used for these applications, as well as for advanced WLP, where
depositing high-quality films without exceeding thermal budgets is essential. In addition, ALD processes are often used to deposit very thin, highly conformal films for applications such as multiple patterning. For gapfill deposition, achieving
defect-free fills while maintaining high throughput is essential. Preferred approaches are to use high-density plasma CVD (“HDP-CVD”) either as a complete gapfill solution or as a cap over other gapfill technologies to enhance process
control and mitigate integration risks. Lastly, innovative post-deposition film treatments such as ultraviolet thermal processing (“UVTP”) are being used to improve low-k film integrity and increase strain in nitride layers for improved
device performance.    Copper Metal Films — SABRE  ®  Product Family    The SABRE
ECD product family is the industry’s productivity-leading platform for copper damascene manufacturing. Electrofill
 ®  technology provides high-throughput, void-free fill with superior defect density performance for advanced
technology nodes. SABRE chemistry packages provide leading-edge fill performance for the lowest defectivity, widest process window, and highest rates of bottom-up growth to fill the most challenging HAR features. System capabilities include
deposition of copper directly on various liner materials, important for next-generation metallization schemes. The number of yielding ICs per wafer has also been improved by increasing the usable die area through industry-leading process edge
exclusion engineering. Applications include copper deposition for both advanced logic and memory interconnect. We also offer the SABRE 3D system to address TSV and WLP applications, such as copper pillar, RDL, underbump metallization, bumping, and
microbumps used in post-TSV processing.    Tungsten Metal Films — ALTUS  ®  Product Family    Lam’s market-leading ALTUS
systems deposit highly conformal atomic layer films for advanced tungsten metallization applications. The patented Multi-Station Sequential Deposition (“MSSD”) architecture enables a nucleation layer to be formed using Pulsed Nucleation
Layer (“PNL”) technology and bulk CVD fill to be performed  in situ . PNL, Lam’s ALD technology, is used in the deposition of tungsten nitride films to achieve  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
high step coverage with reduced thickness relative to conventional barrier films. PNL is also used to reduce thickness and alter CVD bulk fill grain growth, lowering the overall resistivity of
thin tungsten films. The advanced ExtremeFill CVD tungsten technology provides extendibility to fill the most challenging structures at advanced technology nodes. Applications include tungsten plug and via fill, 3D NAND wordlines, low-stress
composite interconnects, and tungsten nitride barrier for via and contact metallization.    PECVD Dielectric Films
— VECTOR  ®  Product Family    Lam’s
VECTOR family of PECVD/ALD systems delivers superior thin film quality, wafer-to-wafer uniformity, productivity, and low cost of ownership. The MSSD architecture enables industry-leading performance with both sequential processing and parallel
processing to provide broad process flexibility for a range of applications. VECTOR products offer specialized systems for logic and memory applications. VECTOR Express offers a small footprint with four processing stations. VECTOR Excel is a
modular tool for advanced technology nodes where pre-and-post film deposition treatments are needed. VECTOR Extreme accommodates up to 12 processing stations for high-throughput memory processes. Applications include deposition of ashable hardmasks,
multiple patterning films, oxides, nitrides, carbides, anti-reflective layers, multi-layer stack films, diffusion barriers, and spacer films.    Gapfill Dielectric Films — SPEED  ®  Product Family  
 Lam’s SPEED HDP-CVD products provide void-free gapfill of high-quality dielectric films with superior throughput and reliability. The
unique source design provides excellent particle performance, while the ability to customize the deposition and  in situ  etching profile ensures best-of-breed across-wafer thickness and gapfill uniformity. Together, the chamber and plasma
source designs allow large batch sizes between cleans and faster cleans to deliver superior throughput. Broad process flexibility is available on the same platform, without requiring major hardware changes. Applications include STI, pre-metal
dielectrics, inter-layer dielectrics, inter-metal dielectrics, and passivation layers.    Film Treatment — SOLA  ®  Product Family    The SOLA UVTP product family is
used for treatment of BEOL low-k dielectric films and front-end-of-line (“FEOL”) silicon nitride strained films. The systems incorporate a proprietary treatment process that modifies the physical characteristics of a previously deposited
film through exposure to ultraviolet light, gases and vapors, and heat. The Multi-Station Sequential Processing (“MSSP”) architecture allows independent control of temperature, wavelength, and intensity at each station of the wafer path.
This enables delivery of best-in-class film properties, within-wafer and wafer-to-wafer uniformity, and productivity.    Plasma Etch
   As the semiconductor industry continues to improve device performance and shrink critical feature sizes, plasma etch
faces multiple challenges. These include processing smaller features, new materials, new transistor structures, increasingly complex film stacks, and ever higher aspect ratio structures. For conductor etch, requirements include delivering
atomic-scale control for etching FinFET/3D gate transistors, multi–film stacks for high-k/metal gate structures, and multiple patterning structures. Dielectric etch processes must be able to maintain etch profiles on increasingly HAR structures
such as in 3D NAND devices, etch new multi-layer photoresist materials and amorphous carbon hardmasks, and avoid damaging fragile low-k materials. In emerging 3D integrated circuits (“3D ICs”), TSVs are now used to provide interconnect
capability for die-to-die and wafer-to-wafer stacking. Critical factors for TSV are etching a variety of materials in the same chamber (  in situ  ), as well as being able to use both conventional and special techniques for deep silicon
etching. For all etch processes, it is important to provide excellent profile control and across-wafer uniformity while maintaining high productivity and cost efficiency.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Conductor Etch — 2300  ®  Kiyo  ®  Product Family, 2300
 ®  Versys  ®  Metal Product Family  
 The 2300 Kiyo product family delivers high-performance, high-productivity, low-risk solutions for conductor etch applications. Superior
uniformity, uniformity control, and repeatability are enabled by a symmetrical chamber design, leading electrostatic chuck technology, and independent tuning features. The Kiyo products deliver high productivity with low defectivity on multi-film
stacks, enabled by  in situ  etch capability, continuous plasma, and advanced Waferless Autoclean technology. In addition, Kiyo systems can be configured to perform atomic layer etch (“ALE”), which delivers atomic-scale variability
control to enable next-generation wafer processing. Applications include FinFET and tri-gate, shallow trench isolation (“STI”), high-k/metal gate and multiple patterning. The 2300 Versys metal product family provides a flexible platform
for BEOL metal etch processes. Symmetrical chamber design and independent tuning features provide critical dimension, profile uniformity, and uniformity control for metal hardmask applications. The products’ proprietary chamber cleaning
technology ensures high availability, high yield, and exceptional process repeatability for aluminum etching. Applications include metal hardmask, multiple patterning, high-density aluminum line, and aluminum pad.  
 Dielectric Etch — 2300  ®  Flex ™  Product Family    The 2300 Flex product family
offers differentiated technologies and application-focused capabilities for critical dielectric etch applications. Exceptional uniformity, repeatability, and tunability are enabled by a unique multi-frequency, small-volume, confined plasma design.
The systems deliver high productivity with low defectivity, enabled by  in situ  multi-step etch and continuous plasma capability. Low-risk, cost-effective upgrades provide evolutionary product transitions that extend product life and maximize
return on investment. Applications include low-k and ultra low-k dual damascene, self-aligned contacts, capacitor cell, mask open, 3D NAND HAR hole, trench, and contact.    TSV Etch — 2300  ®  Syndion  ®  Product
Family    Based on Lam’s production-proven conductor etch products, the 2300 Syndion TSV etch family provides low-risk,
flexible solutions to address multiple TSV etch applications. The Syndion products provide a low cost of ownership due to high etch rates, excellent repeatability, and  in situ  etching of multiple materials in the TSV stack (silicon,
dielectrics, conducting films). The systems support both conventional single-step etch and rapidly alternating process (“RAP”). High process flexibility, superior profile control, and excellent uniformity enable successful TSV
implementation for a variety of CMOS 3D IC and image sensor applications.    Photoresist Strip  
 With the semiconductor industry’s migration to ultra-shallow junctions, multiple patterning, ultra low-k dielectrics, and 3D
architectures, photoresist strip processes need to manage more complex device structures. At the transistor level, small changes can affect junction resistivity, junction depth, and dopant activation, thereby affecting device performance. For
interconnect structures, unwanted changes in the properties of low-k dielectrics can also impact performance. These concerns are driving the development of new photoresist strip processes for advanced technology nodes. Challenges include removing
residues, minimizing oxidation and silicon loss, and providing damage-free results, while at the same time delivering high throughput and low cost of ownership.    Photoresist Strip — G400  ®  ,GxT  ®  ,G3D
 ®     Lam’s photoresist strip systems are
based on our production-proven MSSP platform. The MSSP architecture provides multiple process stations, where both temperature and chemistry may be independently controlled, allowing bulk strip, high-dose implant strip (“HDIS”), and dry
clean processes to be performed all on the same platform. The high-productivity G400 is targeted for bulk strip and HDIS applications, primarily in large DRAM and NAND memory fabs. Enhanced source technology combined with faster wafer heating
provides high throughput for bulk strip and implant strip applications. The GxT system is designed for critical logic device manufacturing process steps that demand low silicon loss and ultra-low defectivity.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Single-Wafer Clean    Wafer cleaning is a critical function that must be repeated many times during the semiconductor manufacturing process, from device fabrication through packaging. As device geometries shrink and new
materials are introduced, the number of cleaning steps continues to grow. Furthermore, each step has different selectivity and defectivity requirements that add to manufacturing complexity. For next-generation devices, fragile structures need to be
cleaned without causing damage. In addition, cleaning steps that target the bevel region can help eliminate the potential source of yield-limiting defects at the wafer’s edge, as well as, increase the number of good die at the wafer’s edge
to improve yield.    Wet Clean — DV-Prime
 ®  ,Da Vinci  ®  ,SP Series  
 Lam’s single-wafer spin technology pioneered the industry transition from batch to single-wafer wet processing. These
production-proven spin wet clean systems provide the productivity and flexibility needed for both high-volume manufacturing and leading-edge development across multiple technology nodes and for all device types. The products deliver excellent
process uniformity across the wafer, wafer-to-wafer, and lot-to-lot. Proprietary technologies enhance damage-free particle removal and enable wafer drying without pattern collapse or watermarks. Offering the latest in dilute chemistry and solvent
systems, the products meet defectivity and material integrity requirements. Applications include particle, polymer, and residue removal; photoresist removal; and wafer backside/bevel cleaning. Our wet clean systems are also used for multiple wet
etch and clean applications for WLP, including silicon substrate thinning, wafer stress relief, underbump metallization etch, and photoresist removal.    Plasma Bevel Clean — 2300  ®  Coronus  ® 
Product Family    The 2300 Coronus plasma-based bevel clean products enhance die yield by removing particles, residues and
unwanted films from the wafer’s edge that can impact the device area. The system combines the ability of plasma to selectively remove a wide variety of materials with a proprietary confinement technology that protects the die area. High system
uptime and throughput, excellent process repeatability, and efficient  in situ  removal of multi-material film stacks and residues ensure high productivity for increased wafer output. Applications include post-etch, pre- and post-deposition,
pre-lithography, and metal film removal to prevent arcing during plasma etch or deposition steps. It is also the industry’s only bevel clean product that removes amorphous-carbon films and carbon-rich residues.  
 Legacy Products  
 For applications that do not require the most advanced wafer processing capability, semiconductor manufacturers can benefit from the
proven performance of previous-generation products to increase their production capacity at a reduced economic investment. Purchasing through an original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) like Lam Research minimizes the risks of unexpected
costs and unpredictable time to production that are typically associated with used systems purchases. To meet semiconductor manufacturers’ needs for high-performance, maximum-predictability, and low-risk equipment, Lam provides refurbished and
newly built legacy products. Our products also provide production-worthy, cost-effective solutions for the MEMS and light emitting diode (“LED”) markets.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Products Table  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Segment     
    
   Process/Application 
   
    
   Technology 
   
    
 
 Products     


 
   Thin
Film Deposition 
    
   Metal Films 
     Dielectric Films 
     Film Treatment 
    
   ECD (Copper & Other) 
     CVD, ALD (Tungsten) 
     PECVD, ALD 
     Gapfill HDP-CVD 
     UVTP     
    
   SABRE ®  family     
 ALTUS ® 
family       VECTOR ®  family       SPEED ®  family 
     SOLA ®  family 
 
   
   
   
   
 
   Plasma
Etch 
    
   Conductor Etch 
     Dielectric Etch 
     TSV Etch 
    
   Reactive Ion Etch 
     Reactive Ion Etch 
     Deep Reactive Ion Etch 
    
   2300 ®  Kiyo ®  family,       2300 ®  Versys ®  metal family       2300 ®  Flex™ family 
     2300 ®  Syndion ®  family 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
   Strip & Clean 
    
   Photoresist Strip 
     Wafer Cleaning 
     Bevel Cleaning     
    
   Dry Strip 
     Wet Clean 
     Dry Plasma Clean 
    
   G400 ® , GxT ® , G3D ® 
     DV-Prime ® , Da Vinci ® , SP
Series       2300 ®  Coronus ®  family 
   
 
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
   Fiscal Periods Presented    All references to fiscal years apply to our fiscal years, which ended June 29, 2014, June 30, 2013, and June 24, 2012. In all sections of this document, the fiscal 2012 information
presented reflects 20 days of Novellus related activity, as Novellus was purchased on June 4, 2012. There is no Novellus related activity reflected in periods prior to fiscal year 2012.    Research and Development    The market for semiconductor capital equipment is
characterized by rapid technological change and product innovation. Our ability to achieve and maintain our competitive advantage depends in part on our continued and timely development of new products and enhancements to existing products.
Accordingly, we devote a significant portion of our personnel and financial resources to research and development (“R&D”) programs and seek to maintain close and responsive relationships with our customers and suppliers.  
 Our R&D expenses during fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $716.5 million, $683.7 million, and $444.6 million, respectively. The
majority of R&D spending over the past three years has been targeted at deposition, etch, single-wafer clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing products. We believe current challenges for customers at various points in the semiconductor
manufacturing process present opportunities for us.    We expect to continue to make substantial investments in R&D to meet
our customers’ product needs, support our growth strategy, and enhance our competitive position.    Marketing, Sales, and Service
   Our marketing, sales, and service efforts are focused on building long-term relationships with our customers and targeting
product and service solutions designed to meet their needs. These efforts are supported by a team of product marketing and sales professionals as well as equipment and process engineers who work closely with
 
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
individual customers to develop solutions for their wafer processing needs. We maintain ongoing service relationships with our customers and have an extensive network of service engineers in
place throughout the United States, Europe, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, and Asia Pacific. We believe that comprehensive support programs and close working relationships with customers are essential to maintaining high customer satisfaction and our
competitiveness in the marketplace.    We provide standard warranties for our systems. The warranty provides that systems shall
be free from defects in material and workmanship and conform to agreed-upon specifications. The warranty is limited to repair of the defect or replacement with new or like-new equivalent goods and is valid when the buyer provides prompt notification
within the warranty period of the claimed defect or non-conformity and also makes the items available for inspection and repair. We also offer extended warranty packages to our customers to purchase as desired.  
 International Sales    A
significant portion of our sales and operations occur outside the United States and, therefore, may be subject to certain risks, including but not limited to tariffs and other barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing non-U.S. operations,
adverse tax consequences, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in currency controls, compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including U.S. export restrictions, and economic and political conditions. Any of these
factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and results of operations and cash flows. For geographical reporting, revenue is attributed to the geographic location in which the customers’ facilities are
located. Revenue by region was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Korea 
    
 $ 
 1,127,406 
    
    
 $ 
 603,821 
    
    
 $ 
 893,549 
    
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 1,049,214 
    
    
   
 1,026,548 
    
    
   
 467,922 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 634,131 
    
    
   
 368,095 
    
    
   
 308,189 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 623,408 
    
    
   
 319,282 
    
    
   
 143,769 
    
 
   United States 
    
   
 622,022 
    
    
   
 734,324 
    
    
   
 458,531 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 303,730 
    
    
   
 292,432 
    
    
   
 244,038 
    
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 247,398 
    
    
   
 254,414 
    
    
   
 149,194 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
    
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
    
 $ 
 2,665,192 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Long-Lived Assets    Refer to Note 17 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 15 of this report, for information concerning the geographic locations of long-lived assets.  
 Customers    Our customers
include all of the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. Customers continue to establish joint ventures, alliances and licensing arrangements which have the potential to positively or negatively impact our competitive position and market
opportunities. In fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012, three customers, Samsung Electronics Company, Ltd., SK Hynix Inc., and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Ltd., each individually represented greater than 10% of total revenues.
   A material reduction in orders from our customers could adversely affect our results of operations and projected financial
condition. Our business depends upon the expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers.  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Semiconductor manufacturers’ businesses, in turn, depend on many factors, including their economic capability, the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits and the
availability of equipment capacity to support that demand.    Backlog  
 In general, we schedule production of our systems based upon our customers’ delivery requirements and forecasts. In order for a
system to be included in our backlog, the following conditions must be met: 1) we have received a written customer request that has been accepted, 2) we have an agreement on prices and product specifications, and 3) there is a
scheduled shipment within the next 12 months. In order for spares and services to be included in our backlog, the following conditions must be met: 1) we have received a written customer request that has been accepted and (2) delivery of
products or provision of services is anticipated within the next 12 months. Where specific spare parts and customer service purchase contracts do not contain discrete delivery dates, we use volume estimates at the contract price and over the
contract period, not to exceed 12 months, in calculating backlog amounts. Our policy is to revise our backlog for order cancellations and to make adjustments to reflect, among other things, changes in spares volume estimates and customer
delivery date changes. At June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013, our backlog was approximately $866 million and $764 million, respectively. Generally, orders for our products and services are subject to cancellation by our customers with limited
penalties. Because some orders are received and shipped in the same quarter and because customers may change delivery dates and cancel orders, our backlog at any particular date is not necessarily indicative of business volumes or actual revenue
levels for succeeding periods.    Manufacturing    Our manufacturing operations consist mainly of assembling and testing components, sub-assemblies, and modules that are then integrated into finished systems prior to shipment to or at the location of our
customers. Most of the assembly and testing of our products is conducted in cleanroom environments.    We have agreements with
third parties to outsource certain aspects of our manufacturing, production warehousing, and logistics functions. We believe that these outsourcing contracts provide us more flexibility to scale our operations up or down in a timely and cost
effective manner, enabling us to respond quickly to any changes in our business. We believe that we have selected reputable providers and have secured their performance on terms documented in written contracts. However, it is possible that one or
more of these providers could fail to perform as we expect, and such failure could have an adverse impact on our business and have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. Overall, we believe we have effective mechanisms
to manage risks associated with our outsourcing relationships. Refer to Note 14 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 15 of this report, for further information concerning our outsourcing commitments.  
 Certain components and sub-assemblies that we include in our products may only be obtained from a single supplier. We believe that, in
many cases, we could obtain and qualify alternative sources to supply these products. Nevertheless, any prolonged inability to obtain these components could have an adverse effect on our operating results and could unfavorably impact our customer
relationships.    Environmental Matters    We are subject to a variety of governmental regulations related to the management of hazardous materials that we use in our business operations. We are currently not aware of any pending notices of
violation, fines, lawsuits, or investigations arising from environmental matters that would have a material effect on our business. We believe that we are generally in compliance with these regulations and that we have obtained (or will obtain or
are otherwise addressing) all necessary environmental permits to conduct our business. Nevertheless, the failure to comply with present or future regulations could result in fines being imposed on us, require us to
 
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
suspend production or cease operations or cause our customers to not accept our products. These regulations could require us to alter our current operations, to acquire significant additional
equipment, or to incur substantial other expenses to comply with environmental regulations. Our failure to control the use, sale, transport or disposal of hazardous substances could subject us to future liabilities.  
 Employees    As of
August 19, 2014, we had approximately 6,500 regular employees globally. Although we have employment-related agreements with a number of key employees, these agreements do not guarantee continued service. Each of our employees is required to
comply with our policies relating to maintaining the confidentiality of our non-public information.    In the semiconductor and
semiconductor equipment industries, competition for highly skilled employees is intense. Our future success depends, to a significant extent, upon our continued ability to attract and retain qualified employees particularly in the R&D and
customer support functions.    Competition    The semiconductor capital equipment industry is characterized by rapid change and is highly competitive throughout the world. To compete effectively, we invest significant financial resources to continue
to strengthen and enhance our product and services portfolio and to maintain customer service and support locations globally. Semiconductor manufacturers evaluate capital equipment suppliers in many areas, including, but not limited to, process
performance, productivity, defect control, customer support, and overall cost of ownership, which can be affected by many factors such as equipment design, reliability, software advancements, and similar factors. Our ability to succeed in the
marketplace depends upon our ability to maintain existing products and introduce product enhancements and new products that meet customer requirements on a timely basis. In addition, semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to
qualify and integrate new capital equipment into semiconductor production lines. As a result, once a semiconductor manufacturer has selected a particular supplier’s equipment and qualified it for production, the manufacturer generally maintains
that selection for that specific production application and technology node as long as the supplier’s products demonstrate performance to specification in the installed base. Accordingly, we may experience difficulty in selling to a given
customer if that customer has qualified a competitor’s equipment. We must also continue to meet the expectations of our installed base of customers through the delivery of high-quality and cost-efficient spare parts in the presence of
third-party spare parts provider competition.    We face significant competition with all of our products and services. Our
primary competitors in the etch market are Tokyo Electron, Ltd. and Applied Materials, Inc. Our primary competitors in the single-wafer wet clean market are Dainippon Screen Manufacturing Co. Ltd., Semes, and Tokyo Electron, Ltd. In the tungsten
CVD, PECVD, HDP-CVD, ECD and PVD markets, our primary competitor is Applied Materials, Inc. In the PECVD market, we also compete against ASM International and Wonik IPS.    Certain of our existing and potential competitors have substantially greater financial resources and larger engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and customer service and support organizations than we
do. In addition, we face competition from a number of emerging companies in the industry. We expect our competitors to continue to improve the design and performance of their current products and processes and to introduce new products and processes
with enhanced price/performance characteristics. If our competitors make acquisitions or enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers, or other entities, covering products similar to those we sell, our ability to sell
our products to those customers could be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will continue to compete successfully in the future.  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Patents and Licenses    Our policy is to seek patents on inventions relating to new or enhanced products and processes developed as part of our ongoing research, engineering, manufacturing, and support activities. We currently
hold a number of United States and foreign patents covering various aspects of our products and processes. We believe that the duration of our patents generally exceeds the useful life of the technologies and processes disclosed and claimed in them.
Our patents, which cover material aspects of our past and present core products, have current durations ranging from approximately one to twenty years. We believe that, although the patents we own and may obtain in the future will be of value, they
alone will not determine our success. Our success depends principally upon our engineering, marketing, support, and delivery skills. However, in the absence of patent protection, we may be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to imitate our
products, manufacturing techniques, and processes. In addition, other companies and inventors may receive patents that contain claims applicable or similar to our products and processes. The sale of products covered by patents of others could
require licenses that may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. For further discussion of legal matters, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” of this report.    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY    As of August 26, 2014, the
executive officers of Lam Research were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
   
 Age 
    
   Title 


 
   Martin B. Anstice 
   
 47 
    
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Timothy M. Archer 
   
 47 
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
   Douglas R. Bettinger 
   
 47 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
   Richard A. Gottscho 
   
 62 
    
 Executive Vice President, Global Products Group 
 
   Sarah A. O’Dowd 
   
 64 
    
 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer 
   Martin B. Anstice is President and Chief Executive Officer of Lam Research. Mr. Anstice joined the
Company in April 2001 as Senior Director, Operations Controller. He was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in June 2004, appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in September 2008, and promoted to President in December 2010.
In January 2012, Mr. Anstice was appointed Chief Executive Officer and in February 2012, appointed to the Lam Research Corporation board of directors. He began his career at Raychem Corporation where, during his 13-year tenure, he held numerous
finance roles of increasing responsibility in Europe and North America. After Tyco International, Ltd. acquired Raychem in 1999, Mr. Anstice assumed responsibility for supporting mergers and acquisitions at Tyco Electronics Corporation.
Mr. Anstice is an associate member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants in the United Kingdom.    Timothy
M. Archer joined Lam Research in June 2012 as the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. Prior to Lam Research, Mr. Archer spent 18 years at Novellus Systems in various technology development and business
leadership roles, including most recently as Chief Operating Officer from January 2011 to June 2012, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales, Marketing, and Customer Satisfaction from September 2009 to January 2011, and Executive Vice President of
the PECVD and Electrofill Business Units from November 2008 to September 2009. Mr. Archer’s tenure at Novellus Systems also included assignments as Senior Director of Technology for Novellus Systems Japan from 1999 to 2001 and Senior
Director of Technology for the Electrofill Business Unit from April 2001 to April 2002. Mr. Archer started his career in 1989 at Tektronix where he was responsible for process development for high-speed bipolar integrated
circuits. Mr. Archer completed the Program for Management Development at Harvard Graduate School of Business and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Applied Physics from the California Institute of Technology.  
 Douglas R. Bettinger is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Lam Research. Prior to joining the company,
Mr. Bettinger served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies from August 2008 to February 2013. From 2007 to 2008, he served as Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller at Xilinx, Inc., and from 2004
to 2007, he was Chief Financial Officer at 24/7 Customer, a privately held company. Mr. Bettinger worked at Intel Corporation from 1993 to 2004, where he held several senior-level  
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
finance and manufacturing operations positions, including Corporate Planning and Reporting Controller and Malaysia Site Operations Controller. He earned a master’s degree in business
administration in finance from the University of Michigan and has a bachelor of science degree in economics from the University of Wisconsin in Madison.    Richard A. Gottscho is the Company’s Executive Vice President, Global Products Group, a position he has held since August 2010. Prior to that time, he had been Group Vice President and General
Manager, Etch Businesses since March 2007. Dr. Gottscho joined the Company in January 1996 and has served at various Director and Vice President levels in support of etch products, CVD products, and corporate research. Prior to joining Lam
Research, Dr. Gottscho was a member of Bell Laboratories for 15 years where he started his career working in plasma processing. During his tenure at Bell, he headed research departments in electronics materials, electronics packaging, and flat
panel displays. Dr. Gottscho is the author of numerous papers, patents, and lectures in plasma processing and process control. He is a recipient of the American Vacuum Society’s Peter Mark Memorial Award and Plasma Science and Technology
Division Prize, the Gaseous Electronics Conference Foundation Lecturer, the Dry Process Symposium Nishizawa Award, and the Tegal Thinker Award. He is a fellow of the American Physical and American Vacuum Societies and has served on numerous
editorial boards of refereed technical publications, program committees for major conferences in plasma science and engineering, and was vice-chair of a National Research Council study on plasma science in the 1980s. Dr. Gottscho earned Ph.D.
and B.S. degrees in physical chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Pennsylvania State University, respectively.    Sarah A. O’Dowd is the Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer of the Company. Ms. O’Dowd joined Lam Research in September 2008 as Group Vice President and Chief Legal Officer,
responsible for general legal matters, intellectual property and ethics & compliance. In addition to her Legal function, in April 2009 she was appointed Vice President of Human Resources and served in this dual capacity from April 2009
through May 2012. Prior to joining Lam Research, Ms. O’Dowd was Vice President and General Counsel for FibroGen, Inc. from February 2007 until September 2008. Until February 2007, Ms. O’Dowd was a shareholder in
the law firm of Heller Ehrman LLP for more than twenty years, practicing in the areas of corporate securities, governance and mergers and acquisitions for a variety of clients, principally publicly traded high technology companies. She served
in a variety of leadership and management roles at Heller Ehrman, including Managing Partner of the Silicon Valley and San Diego offices, member of the firm’s Policy Committee and, as head of the firm’s business practice groups, a member
of the firm’s Executive Committee. Ms. O’Dowd earned her J.D. and M.A. in communications from Stanford Law School and Stanford University, respectively, and her bachelor of arts degree in mathematics from Immaculata College.
     
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors     In addition to the other information in this 2014 Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating the Company and its business because such factors may significantly
impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. As a result of these risk factors, as well as other risks discussed in our other SEC filings, our actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking
statements. No priority or significance is intended, nor should be attached, to the order in which the risk factors appear.    The
Semiconductor Equipment Industry is Subject to Fluctuations and, as a Result, We Face Risks Related to Our Strategic Resource Allocation Decisions    The business cycle in the semiconductor equipment industry has historically been characterized by frequent periods of rapid change in demand that challenge our management to adjust spending and other
resources allocated to operating activities. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information
systems, procedures for training and managing our work force, and in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure, work force, and other components of our business on a timely basis. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during
periods of demand decline, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the
changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of
growth, or we may expand our capacity too rapidly and/or beyond what is appropriate for the actual demand environment.  
 Especially during transitional periods, resource allocation decisions can have a significant impact on our future performance,
particularly if we have not accurately anticipated industry changes. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges
effectively.    Future Declines in the Semiconductor Industry, and the Overall World Economic Conditions on Which it is Significantly
Dependent, Could Have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition    Our business
depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The semiconductor industry is cyclical in nature and experiences periodic
downturns. Global economic and business conditions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Additionally, in times
of economic uncertainty our customers’ budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our products and services. As a result, economic
downturns can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition including, but not limited to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decline in demand for our products or services;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an increase in reserves on accounts receivable due to our customers’ inability to pay us;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an increase in reserves on inventory balances due to excess or obsolete inventory as a result of our inability to sell such inventory;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   valuation allowances on deferred tax assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   restructuring charges;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   asset impairments including the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decline in the value of our investments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   exposure to claims from our suppliers for payment on inventory that is ordered in anticipation of customer purchases that do not come to fruition;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decline in the value of certain facilities we lease to less than our residual value guarantee with the lessor; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   challenges maintaining reliable and uninterrupted sources of supply.  
 Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating
results and earnings. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with anticipated revenue streams, which sometimes result in restructuring charges. Even during
periods of reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results.
   Our Quarterly Revenues and Operating Results Are Variable  
 Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, not all of which are in
our control. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
future revenues. Because our operating expenses are based in part on anticipated future revenues, and a certain amount of those expenses are relatively fixed, a change in the timing of
recognition of revenue and/or the level of gross profit from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular quarter. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include, but are
not limited to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries in general and specifically the semiconductor equipment industry;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the size and timing of orders from customers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   procurement shortages;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the failure of our suppliers or outsource providers to perform their obligations in a manner consistent with our expectations;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   manufacturing difficulties;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   customer cancellations or delays in shipments, installations, and/or customer acceptances;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the extent that customers continue to purchase and use our products and services in their business;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our customers’ reuse of existing and installed products, to the extent that such reuse decreases their need to purchase new products or services;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in average selling prices, customer mix, and product mix;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability in a timely manner to develop, introduce and market new, enhanced, and competitive products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our competitors’ introduction of new products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   legal or technical challenges to our products and technology;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   transportation, communication, demand, information technology or supply disruptions based on factors outside our control such as strikes, acts of God,
wars, terrorist activities, and natural disasters;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory changes (including but not limited to change in import/export regulations) or changes in the interpretation or
enforcement of existing requirements;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in our estimated effective tax rate;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the dilutive impact of our convertible notes and related warrants on our earnings per share.  
 We May Incur Impairments to Goodwill or Long-Lived Assets    We review our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets
may not be recoverable. Negative industry or economic trends, including reduced market prices of our Common Stock, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates, or lack of growth in our relevant business
segments, could lead to impairment charges against our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets. If, in any period, our stock price decreases to the point where our fair value, as determined by our market capitalization, is
less than the book value of our assets, this could also indicate a potential impairment, and we may be required to record an impairment charge in that period, which could adversely affect our result of operations.  
 Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical experience
and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance. We operate in a highly competitive environment and projections of future operating result and cash flows may vary significantly from actual results. Additionally, if our analysis
indicates potential impairment to goodwill one or more of our business segments, we may be required to record additional charges to earnings in our financial statements, which could negatively affect our results of operations. As a result of
historical performance and  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
growth potential, our single-wafer clean systems reporting unit may be at greater risk for goodwill impairment than our other reporting units if our actual results for this reporting unit differ
from our projections.    Our Leverage and Debt Service Obligations and Potential Note Conversion or Related Hedging Activities May
Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Earnings Per Share    As a result of the sale of our
2016 and 2018 convertible notes and the assumption of the 2041 convertible notes in connection with our acquisition of Novellus Systems, Inc. (collectively the “Notes”), we have a greater amount of debt than we have maintained in the past.
Our maintenance of higher levels of indebtedness could have adverse consequences including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   impacting our ability to satisfy our obligations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increasing the portion of our cash flows that may have to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may not be available for operations,
working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future.  
 Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial,
business, economic, regulatory and other factors. Furthermore, our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt. As a result, we may need to enter into new financing arrangements to obtain
the necessary funds. If we determine it is necessary to seek additional funding for any reason, we may not be able to obtain such funding or, if funding is available, obtain it on acceptable terms. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we could
be in default on such debt, and this default could cause us to be in default on our other outstanding indebtedness.  
 Conversion of our Notes may cause dilution to our shareholders and to our earnings per share. Upon conversion of any Notes, we will
deliver cash in the amount of the principal amount of the Notes and, with respect to any excess conversion value greater than the principal amount of the Notes, shares of our Common Stock, which would result in dilution to our shareholders. This
dilution may be mitigated to some extent by the hedging transactions we entered into in connection with the sale of the 2016 and 2018 Notes or through share repurchases. Prior to the maturity of the Notes, if the price of our Common Stock exceeds
the conversion price, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles require that we report an increase in diluted share count, which would result in lower reported earnings per share. The price of our Common Stock could also be affected by sales of
our Common Stock by investors who view the Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our company and also by hedging activity that may develop involving our Common Stock by holders of the Notes.  
 Our Credit Agreements Contain Covenant Restrictions That May Limit Our Ability To Operate Our Business.  
 We may be unable to respond to changes in business and economic conditions, engage in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to
us, or obtain additional financing, because our debt agreements contain, and any of our other future similar agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to, among other things:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur additional debt, assume obligations in connection with letters of credit, or issue guarantees;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   create liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into transactions with our affiliates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   sell certain assets; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   merge or consolidate with any person.    Our ability to comply with these covenants is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including prevailing economic conditions. In
addition, our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the Notes or our other debt, which could  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
permit the holders to accelerate such debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay such debt, which could materially and negatively affect our
financial condition and results of operation.    We Have a Limited Number of Key Customers  
 Sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall revenue, shipments, cash flows, collections
and profitability. As a result, the actions of even one customer may subject us to variability in those areas that are difficult to predict. In addition, large customers may be able to negotiate requirements that result in decreased pricing;
increased costs and/or lower margins for us; compliance to specific environmental, social and corporate governance standards; and limitations on our ability to share jointly developed technology with others. Similarly, significant portions of our
credit risk may, at any given time, be concentrated among a limited number of customers, so that the failure of even one of these key customers to pay its obligations to us could significantly impact our financial results.  
 We Depend on New Products and Processes for Our Success. Consequently, We are Subject to Risks Associated with Rapid Technological Change
   Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop
technological advances that enable those processes. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. If new products
have reliability, quality, or design problems, our performance may be impacted by reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance of and payment for new products, and additional service and warranty expenses. We may be unable to
develop and manufacture new products successfully, or new products that we introduce may fail in the marketplace. The expected industry transition to a 450mm platform represents an emerging challenge for our business, and our failure to address that
transition in a timely manner with productive and cost-effective products could adversely affect our business in a material way. Our failure to commercialize new products in a timely manner could result in loss of market share, unanticipated costs,
and inventory obsolescence, which would adversely affect our financial results.    In order to develop new products and
processes, we expect to continue to make significant investments in R&D and to pursue joint development relationships with customers, suppliers or other members of the industry. We must manage product transitions and joint development
relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products and certain jointly developed technologies may be subject to restrictions on our ability to share that technology with other
customers, which could limit our market for products incorporating those technologies. Future technologies, processes or product developments may render our current product offerings obsolete, leaving us with non-competitive products, or obsolete
inventory, or both. Moreover, customers may adopt new technologies or processes to address the complex challenges associated with next generation devices. This shift may result in a reduction in the size of our addressable markets or could increase
the relative size of markets in which we either do not compete or have relatively low market share.    We are Subject to Risks Relating to
Product Concentration and Lack of Product Revenue Diversification    We derive a substantial percentage of our revenues
from a limited number of products. System sales constitute a significant portion of our total revenue. Our systems are priced up to approximately $9 million per system, and our revenues in any given quarter are dependent upon customer
acceptance of a limited number of systems. As a result, the inability to recognize revenue on even a few systems can cause a significantly adverse impact on our revenues for a given quarter, and, in the longer term, the continued market acceptance
of these products is critical to our future success. Our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows could therefore be adversely affected by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a decline in demand for even a limited number of our products;  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   a failure to achieve continued market acceptance of our key products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   export restrictions or other regulatory or legislative actions that could limit our ability to sell those products to key customer or market segments;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   an improved version of products being offered by a competitor in the market in which we participate;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increased pressure from competitors that offer broader product lines;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   technological changes that we are unable to address with our products; or  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   a failure to release new or enhanced versions of our products on a timely basis.  
 In addition, the fact that we offer limited product lines creates the risk that our customers may view us as less important to their
business than our competitors that offer additional products. This may impact our ability to maintain or expand our business with certain customers. Such product concentration may also subject us to additional risks associated with technology
changes. Our business is affected by our customers’ use of our products in certain steps in their wafer fabrication processes. Should technologies change so that the manufacture of semiconductors requires fewer steps using our products, this
could have a larger impact on our business than it would on the business of our less concentrated competitors.    Strategic Alliances and
Customer Consolidation May Have Negative Effects on Our Business    Increasingly, semiconductor manufacturing companies
are entering into strategic alliances or consolidating with one another to expedite the development of processes and other manufacturing technologies and/or achieve economies of scale. The outcomes of such an alliance can be the definition of a
particular tool set for a certain function and/or the standardization of a series of process steps that use a specific set of manufacturing equipment; while the outcomes of consolidation can lead to an overall reduction in the market for
semiconductor manufacturing equipment as customers’ operations achieve economies of scale and/or increased purchasing power based on their higher volumes. In certain instances this could work to our disadvantage if a competitor’s tools or
equipment become the standard equipment for such functions or processes. Some semiconductor manufacturing companies are also consolidating. Additional outcomes of such consolidation may include our customers: (i) re-evaluating their future
supplier relationships to consider other competitors’ products and/or (ii) gaining additional influence over the pricing of products and the control of intellectual property.  
 Similarly, our customers may partner with, or follow the lead of, educational or research institutions that establish processes for
accomplishing various tasks or manufacturing steps. If those institutions utilize a competitor’s equipment when they establish those processes, it is likely that customers will tend to use the same equipment in setting up their own
manufacturing lines. Even if they select our equipment, the institutions and the customers that follow their lead could impose conditions on acceptance of that equipment, such as adherence to standards and requirements or limitations on how we
license our proprietary rights that increase our costs or require us to take on greater risk. These actions could adversely impact our market share and financial results.    We Depend On a Limited Number of Key Suppliers and Outsource Providers, and We Run the Risk That They Might Not Perform as We Expect  
 Outsource providers and component suppliers have played and will continue to play a key role in our manufacturing operations and in many
of our transactional and administrative functions, such as information technology, facilities management, and certain elements of our finance organization. These providers and suppliers might suffer financial setbacks, be acquired by third parties,
become subject to exclusivity arrangements that preclude further business with us or suffer  force majeure  events that could interrupt or impair their continued ability to perform as we expect.  
 Although we attempt to select reputable providers and suppliers, and we attempt to secure their performance on terms documented in
written contracts, it is possible that one or more of these providers or suppliers could fail  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
to perform as we expect, and such failure could have an adverse impact on our business. In some cases, the requirements of our business mandate that we obtain certain components and
sub-assemblies included in our products from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Where practical, we endeavor to establish alternative sources to mitigate the risk that the failure of any single provider or supplier will adversely
affect our business, but this is not feasible in all circumstances. There is therefore a risk that a prolonged inability to obtain certain components or secure key services could impair our ability to manage operations, ship products and generate
revenues, which could adversely affect our operating results and damage our customer relationships.    We Face Risks Related to the
Disruption of Our Primary Manufacturing Facilities    Our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in just a few
locations. These locations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, disruptions of our information technology resources and utility interruptions. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping
our products which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting our business and operating results.    Once
a Semiconductor Manufacturer Commits to Purchase a Competitor’s Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipment, the Manufacturer Typically Continues to Purchase that Competitor’s Equipment, Making it More Difficult for Us to Sell Our Equipment to
that Customer    Semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate wafer processing
equipment into a semiconductor production line. We believe that once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier’s processing equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that specific production line
application for an extended period of time. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell our products to a given customer if that customer initially selects a competitor’s equipment for the same product line application.  
 We Face a Challenging and Complex Competitive Environment    We face significant competition from multiple competitors and with the pending merger of two of our largest competitors we may face increasing competitive pressures. Other companies continue to develop
systems and products that are competitive to ours and may introduce new products, which may affect our ability to sell our existing products. We face a greater risk if our competitors enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor
manufacturers covering products similar to those we sell or may develop, as this could adversely affect our ability to sell products to those manufacturers.    We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer a broad range of products, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in
product and process R&D. Certain of our competitors, including those that are created and financially backed by foreign governments, have substantially greater financial resources and more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and
customer service and support resources than we do and therefore have the potential to offer customers a more comprehensive array of products and to therefore increasingly dominate the semiconductor equipment industry. These competitors may deeply
discount or give away products similar to those that we sell, challenging or even exceeding our ability to make similar accommodations and threatening our ability to sell those products. We also face competition from our own customers, who in some
instances have established affiliated entities that manufacture equipment similar to ours. For these reasons, we may fail to continue to compete successfully worldwide.    In addition, our competitors may be able to develop products comparable or superior to those we offer or may adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. In particular, while
we continue to develop product enhancements that we believe will address future customer requirements, we may fail in a timely manner to complete the development or introduction of these additional product enhancements successfully, or these product
enhancements may not achieve market acceptance or be competitive. Accordingly, competition may intensify, and we may be unable to continue to compete successfully in our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating
results, financial condition, and/or cash flows.  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Future Success Depends Heavily on International Sales and the Management of Global Operations
   Non-U.S. sales accounted for approximately 86% of total revenue in fiscal 2014, 80% of total revenue in fiscal year
2013, and 83% of total revenue in fiscal year 2012. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a substantial majority of our total revenue in future years.  
 We are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations including, but not limited
to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   trade balance issues;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   global economic and political conditions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in currency controls;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   differences in the enforcement of intellectual property and contract rights in varying jurisdictions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to respond to customer and foreign government demands for locally sourced systems, spare parts and services and develop the necessary
relationships with local suppliers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting foreign operations, including U.S. and international export restrictions and
foreign labor laws;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to repatriate cash in a tax-efficient manner;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the need for technical support resources in different locations; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to secure and retain qualified people in all necessary locations for the successful operation of our business.
   Certain international sales depend on our ability to obtain export licenses from the U.S. government. Our
failure or inability to obtain such licenses would substantially limit our markets and severely restrict our revenues. Many of the challenges noted above are applicable in China, which is a fast developing market for the semiconductor equipment
industry and therefore an area of potential significant growth for our business. As the business volume between China and the rest of the world grows, there is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among China, Taiwan, Japan, South
Korea, and the United States, that political and diplomatic influences might lead to trade disruptions. This would adversely affect our business with China, Taiwan, Japan, and/or South Korea and perhaps the entire Asia Pacific region. A significant
trade disruption in these areas could have a materially adverse impact on our future revenue and profits.    We are potentially
exposed to adverse as well as beneficial movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The majority of our sales and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily related
to revenues denominated in Japanese yen and expenses denominated in euro. Currently, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the short-term impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency
monetary assets and liabilities; primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts payables and intercompany receivables and payables. In addition, we hedge certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows, primarily anticipated revenues
denominated in Japanese yen and euro-denominated expenses. We believe these are our primary exposures to currency rate fluctuation. We expect to continue to enter into hedging transactions, for the purposes outlined, for the foreseeable future.
However, these hedging transactions may not achieve their desired effect because differences between the actual timing of the underlying exposures and our forecasts of those exposures may leave us either over-or under-hedged on any given
transaction. Moreover, by hedging these foreign currency denominated revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities with foreign currency forward contracts, we may miss favorable currency trends that would have been advantageous to us but for
the hedges. Additionally, we are exposed to short-term foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on non-U.S. dollar-denominated monetary  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
assets and liabilities (other than those currency exposures previously discussed) and currently we do not enter into foreign currency hedge contracts against these exposures. Therefore, we are
subject to both favorable and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations to the extent that we transact business (including intercompany transactions) for these currencies.  
 The magnitude of our overseas business also affects where our cash is generated. Certain uses of cash, such as share repurchases or the
repayment of our convertible notes, can usually only be made with cash balances and cash generated on-shore. Since the majority of our cash is generated outside of the United States, this may limit certain business decisions and adversely affect
business outcomes.    Our Ability to Attract, Retain and Motivate Key Employees Is Critical to Our Success  
 Our ability to compete successfully depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees. This is an ongoing
challenge due to intense competition for top talent, as well as fluctuations in industry economic conditions that may require cycles of hiring activity and workforce reductions. Our success in hiring depends on a variety of factors, including the
attractiveness of our compensation and benefit programs and our ability to offer a challenging and rewarding work environment. We periodically evaluate our overall compensation programs and make adjustments, as appropriate, to maintain or enhance
their competitiveness. If we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate key employees, we may be unable to capitalize on market opportunities and our operating results may be materially and adversely affected.  
 We Rely Upon Certain Critical Information Systems for the Operation of Our Business  
 We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems
include telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications, network communications, and e-mail. These information systems may be owned and maintained by us, our outsourced providers or third
parties such as vendors and contractors. Many of these outsourced service providers, including certain hosted software applications that we use for confidential data storage, employ “cloud computing” technology for such storage (which
refers to an information technology hosting and delivery system in which data is not stored within the user’s physical infrastructure but instead are delivered to and consumed by the user as an Internet-based service). All of these information
systems are subject to attacks, failures, and access denials from a number of potential sources including viruses, destructive or inadequate code, power failures, and physical damage to computers, hard drives, communication lines, and networking
equipment. Confidential and/or sensitive information stored on these information systems could be intentionally or unintentionally compromised, lost and/or stolen. While we have implemented security procedures, such as virus protection software and
emergency recovery processes, to mitigate the outlined risks with respect to information systems that are under our control, they cannot be guaranteed to be failsafe and our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in
time, or unauthorized releases of confidential information, could unfavorably impact the timely and efficient operation of our business.  
 Our Financial Results May be Adversely Impacted by Higher than Expected Tax Rates or Exposure to Additional Tax Liabilities  
 As a global company, our effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic composition of worldwide earnings and tax regulations
governing each region. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and significant judgment is required to determine worldwide tax liabilities. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes
in the split of earnings between countries with differing statutory tax rates, in the valuation of deferred tax assets, in tax laws, by material audit assessments, or changes in or expirations of agreements with tax authorities. These factors could
affect our profitability. In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the United States, is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the United States. In addition, the amount of income
taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a governing tax authority could affect our profitability.  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A Failure to Comply with Environmental Regulations May Adversely Affect Our Operating Results
   We are subject to a variety of governmental regulations related to the handling, discharge, and disposal of toxic,
volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals. We believe that we are generally in compliance with these regulations and that we have obtained (or will obtain or are otherwise addressing the need for) all environmental permits necessary to conduct our
business. These permits generally relate to the handling and disposal of hazardous wastes. Nevertheless, the failure to comply with present or future regulations could result in fines being imposed on us, require us to suspend production, or cease
operations or cause our customers to not accept our products. These regulations could require us to alter our current operations, to acquire significant additional equipment or to incur substantial other expenses to comply with environmental
regulations. Any failure to comply with regulations governing the use, handling, sale, transport or disposal of hazardous substances could subject us to future liabilities.    If We Choose to Acquire or Dispose of Businesses, Product Lines and Technologies, We May Encounter Unforeseen Costs and Difficulties That Could Impair Our Financial Performance  
 An important element of our management strategy is to review acquisition prospects that would complement our existing products, augment
our market coverage and distribution ability, or enhance our technological capabilities. As a result, we may make acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies, or we may reduce or dispose of certain product lines or technologies
that no longer fit our long-term strategies. Managing an acquired business, disposing of product technologies or reducing personnel entail numerous operational and financial risks, including difficulties in assimilating acquired operations and new
personnel or separating existing business or product groups, diversion of management’s attention away from other business concerns, amortization of acquired intangible assets, adverse customer reaction to our decision to cease support for a
product, and potential loss of key employees or customers of acquired or disposed operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve and manage successfully any such integration of potential acquisitions, disposition of product
lines or technologies, or reduction in personnel or that our management, personnel, or systems will be adequate to support continued operations. Any such inabilities or inadequacies could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, financial condition, and cash flows.    In addition, any acquisition could result in changes such as potentially
dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, the amortization of related intangible assets, and goodwill impairment charges, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations and/or the price of our Common Stock.    The Market for Our Common Stock is Volatile, Which May
Affect Our Ability to Raise Capital, Make Acquisitions, or Subject Our Business to Additional Costs    The market price
for our Common Stock is volatile and has fluctuated significantly over the past years. The trading price of our Common Stock could continue to be highly volatile and fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are not within
our control or influence. These factors include but are not limited to the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   general market, semiconductor, or semiconductor equipment industry conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   economic or political events and trends occurring globally or in any of our key sales regions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   variations in our quarterly operating results and financial condition, including our liquidity;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   variations in our revenues, earnings or other business and financial metrics from forecasts by us or securities analysts, or from those experienced by
other companies in our industry;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   announcements of restructurings, reductions in force, departure of key employees, and/or consolidations of operations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   government regulations;  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   developments in, or claims relating to, patent or other proprietary rights;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   technological innovations and the introduction of new products by us or our competitors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   commercial success or failure of our new and existing products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   disruptions of relationships with key customers or suppliers; or  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   dilutive impacts of our Notes and related warrants.    In addition, the stock market experiences significant price and volume fluctuations. Historically, we have witnessed significant volatility in the price of our Common Stock due in part to the price of and
markets for semiconductors. These and other factors have and may again adversely affect the price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, following volatile periods in the price of their stock, many
companies became the object of securities class action litigation. If we are sued in a securities class action, we could incur substantial costs, and it could divert management’s attention and resources and have an unfavorable impact on our
financial performance and the price for our Common Stock.    Intellectual Property, Indemnity and Other Claims Against Us Can be Costly
and We Could Lose Significant Rights That are Necessary to Our Continued Business and Profitability    Third parties may
assert infringement, unfair competition, product liability, breach of contract, or other claims against us. From time to time, other parties send us notices alleging that our products infringe their patent or other intellectual property rights. In
addition, law enforcement authorities may seek criminal charges relating to intellectual property or other issues. We also face risks of claims arising from commercial and other relationships. In addition, our Bylaws and other indemnity obligations
provide that we will indemnify officers and directors against losses that they may incur in legal proceedings resulting from their service to us. From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we enter into
contractual relationships, including customers and suppliers, with respect to certain matters. We have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of
representations or covenants, other third party claims that our products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against certain parties. In such cases, it is
our policy either to defend the claims or to negotiate licenses or other settlements on commercially reasonable terms. However, we may be unable in the future to negotiate necessary licenses or reach agreement on other settlements on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all, and any litigation resulting from these claims by other parties may materially adversely affect our business and financial results, and we may be subject to substantial damage awards and penalties. Moreover, although we
have insurance to protect us from certain claims and cover certain losses to our property, such insurance may not cover us for the full amount of any losses, or at all, and may be subject to substantial exclusions and deductibles.  
 We May Fail to Protect Our Critical Proprietary Technology Rights, Which Could Affect Our Business  
 Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology and our ability to protect key components of that technology through patents,
copyrights and trade secret protection. Protecting our key proprietary technology helps us to achieve our goals of developing technological expertise and new products and systems that give us a competitive advantage; increasing market penetration
and growth of our installed base; and providing comprehensive support and service to our customers. As part of our strategy to protect our technology we currently hold a number of U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications, and we keep
certain information, processes and techniques as trade secrets. However, other parties may challenge or attempt to invalidate or circumvent any patents the United States or foreign governments issue to us, these governments may fail to issue patents
for pending applications, or we may lose trade secret protection over valuable information due to the intentional or unintentional actions or omissions of third parties, of ours or even our own employees. Additionally, intellectual property
litigation can be expensive and time-consuming and even when patents are issued or trade secret processes are followed, the legal systems in certain of the countries in which we  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
do business do not enforce patents and other intellectual property rights as rigorously as the United States. The rights granted or anticipated under any of our patents, pending patent
applications or trade secrets may be narrower than we expect or, in fact, provide no competitive advantages. Moreover, because we determine the jurisdictions in which to file patents at the time of filing, we may not have adequate protection in the
future based on such previous decisions. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse impact on our business.    We Are
Exposed to Various Risks from Our Regulatory Environment    We are subject to various risks related to (i) new,
different, inconsistent or even conflicting laws, rules and regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries that we operate; (ii) disagreements or disputes between national or regional
regulatory agencies related to international trade; and (iii) the interpretation and application of laws, rules and regulations. As a public company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of multiple jurisdictions and the rules and
regulations of various governing bodies, including those related to financial and other disclosures, corporate governance, privacy, anti-corruption, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to
governmental officials, and antitrust regulations, among others. One of these laws imposes new disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals, which may have originated from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining
countries in our products. This new requirement could affect the pricing, sourcing and availability of minerals used in the manufacture of components we use in our products. In addition, there will be additional costs associated with complying with
the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of any of the covered minerals used in our products. Our supply chain is complex, and we may be unable to verify the origins for all metals used in our products. Financial
reform legislation and the regulations enacted under such legislation have also added costs to our business by, among other things, requiring advisory votes on executive compensation and on severance packages upon a change in control.  
 To maintain high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to
comply with all evolving standards. Changes in or ambiguous interpretations of laws, regulations and standards may create uncertainty regarding compliance matters. Efforts to comply with new and changing regulations have resulted in, and are likely
to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. If we are found by a court or regulatory agency not to be in
compliance with the laws and regulations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.  
 There Can Be No Assurance That We Will Continue To Declare Cash Dividends Or Repurchase Our Shares At All Or In Any Particular Amounts.
   Our Board of Directors announced its plans to declare a quarterly dividend on April 29, 2014, with the first
dividend payment paid on July 2, 2014. In addition, on April 29, 2014, we announced that our Board of Directors has authorized the Company to repurchase up to $850 million of common stock, which includes the remaining value available under
the prior authorization of $250 million. Our intent to continue to pay quarterly dividends and to repurchase our shares is subject to capital availability and, in the case of dividends, periodic determinations by our Board of Directors that cash
dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends by us. Future dividends and share repurchases may also be affected by, among other
factors: our views on potential future capital requirements for investments in acquisitions and the funding of our research and development; legal risks; stock repurchase programs; changes in federal and state income tax laws or corporate laws; and
changes to our business model. Our dividend payments and share repurchases may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends or repurchase shares at all or in any particular amounts. A reduction
or suspension in our dividend payments or share repurchase activity could have a negative effect on our stock price.  
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments      None.      
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties      Our executive offices and principal operating and R&D facilities are located in Fremont, Livermore, and San Jose, California, Tualatin, Oregon, and Villach, Austria. The Fremont and Livermore
facilities are held under operating leases expiring in 2020, the San Jose and Tualatin facilities are owned by the Company, and the Villach facilities are held under capital leases expiring in 2016. Our Fremont, Livermore, and Villach leases
generally include options to renew or purchase the facilities. In addition, we lease or own properties for our service, technical support and sales personnel throughout the United States, Europe, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, and Asia Pacific and lease or
own manufacturing facilities located in Illinois, Ohio, Germany, and Korea. Our facilities lease obligations are subject to periodic increases. We believe that our existing facilities are well-maintained and in good operating condition.  
   
 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings      The Company is either a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that have arisen from time to time in the normal course of business, including intellectual property claims. The Company accrues for a
liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether a loss is
reasonably estimable. These accruals are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the effects of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. To the
extent there is a reasonable possibility that the losses could exceed the amounts already accrued, the Company believes that the amount of any such additional loss would be immaterial to the Company’s business, financial condition, and results
of operations.      
 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures      Not applicable.  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
   Stock Information    Our Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LRCX. As of August 20, 2014 we had 490 stockholders of record. In fiscal year 2014, we announced the initiation of a
quarterly dividend and declared a dividend of $0.18 per share to our stockholders payable in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015. In fiscal year 2013 we did not declare or pay cash dividends to our stockholders. The table below sets forth the high
and low prices of our Common Stock as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, for the period indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   First Quarter 
    
 $ 
 52.31 
    
    
 $ 
 44.11 
    
 
   Second Quarter 
    
 $ 
 55.48 
    
    
 $ 
 49.54 
    
 
   Third Quarter 
    
 $ 
 57.16 
    
    
 $ 
 48.45 
    
 
   Fourth Quarter 
    
 $ 
 67.85 
    
    
 $ 
 50.54 
    
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
 
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
 
   First Quarter 
    
 $ 
 37.99 
    
    
 $ 
 31.93 
    
 
   Second Quarter 
    
 $ 
 38.14 
    
    
 $ 
 31.17 
    
 
   Third Quarter 
    
 $ 
 43.92 
    
    
 $ 
 35.32 
    
 
   Fourth Quarter 
    
 $ 
 49.13 
    
    
 $ 
 39.94 
    
   Repurchase of Company Shares    On April 22, 2013, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $250 million of Common Stock. In addition, on April 29, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to
repurchase up to $850 million of common stock, which includes the remaining value available under the Company’s prior authorization of $250 million. These repurchases can be conducted on the open market or as private purchases and may include
the use of derivative contracts with large financial institutions, in all cases subject to compliance with applicable law. Repurchases will be funded using the Company’s on-shore cash and on-shore cash generation. This repurchase program has no
termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.    As part of our share repurchase program, we may from
time-to-time enter into structured share repurchase arrangements with financial institutions using general corporate funds. Such arrangements entered into or settled during the year ended June 29, 2014 included the following:  
 Collared Accelerated Share Repurchases    During the year ended June 29, 2014, the Company entered into and settled a collared accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) transaction under a master repurchase arrangement. Under the ASR,
the Company made an up-front cash payment of $75 million, in exchange for an initial delivery of 1.2 million shares of its Common Stock and a subsequent delivery of 0.3 million shares following the initial hedge period.  
 The number of shares to ultimately be repurchased by us is based generally on the volume-weighted average price (“VWAP”) of the
Common Stock during the term of the ASR minus a pre-determined discount set at inception of the ASR, subject to collar provisions that provide a minimum and maximum number of shares that we could repurchase under the agreements. The minimum and
maximum thresholds for the transaction were established based on the average of the VWAP prices for the Common Stock during an initial hedge period. At  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the conclusion of the ASR, we could have received additional shares based on the VWAP of the Common Stock during the term of the agreement minus the pre-determined fixed discount; however the
total number of shares received under the ASR would not exceed the maximum of 1.7 million shares.    The counterparty
designated October 28, 2013 as the termination date, at which time we settled the ASR. No additional shares were received at final settlement, which represented a weighted-average share price of approximately $50.40 for the transaction period.
   The Company accounted for the ASR as two separate transactions: (a) as shares of Common Stock acquired in a treasury
stock transaction recorded on the acquisition date and (b) as a forward contract indexed to its own Common Stock and classified in stockholders’ equity. As such, the Company accounted for the shares that we received under the ASR as a
repurchase of our Common Stock for the purpose of calculating earnings per common share. We had determined that the forward contract indexed to the Common Stock met all of the applicable criteria for equity classification in accordance with the
Derivatives and Hedging topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, and, therefore, the ASR was not accounted for as a derivative instrument. As of June 29, 2014, the aggregate repurchase price of $75 million was reflected as Treasury
stock, at cost, in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.    Share repurchases, including those under the repurchase program, were as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
   
    
 Average Price Paid Per Share* 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or
Programs 
   
    
 Amount Available Under Repurchase Program 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   Amount available at June 30, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 250,000 
    
 
   Quarter ending September 29, 2013 
    
   
 2,093 
    
    
 $ 
 48.39 
    
    
   
 1,935 
    
    
 $ 
 153,538 
    
 
   Quarter ending December 29, 2013 
    
   
 967 
    
    
 $ 
 52.11 
    
    
   
 762 
    
    
 $ 
 113,738 
    
 
   Quarter ended March 30, 2014 
    
   
 1,036 
    
    
 $ 
 53.07 
    
    
   
 930 
    
    
 $ 
 64,324 
    
 
   March 31, 2014 - April 27, 2014 
    
   
 298 
    
    
 $ 
 54.51 
    
    
   
 285 
    
    
 $ 
 48,786 
    
 
   Authorization of $850 million - April 29, 2014 
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 850,000 
    
 
   April 28, 2014 - May 25, 2014 
    
   
 404 
    
    
 $ 
 57.47 
    
    
   
 288 
    
    
 $ 
 834,287 
    
 
   May 26, 2014 - June 29, 2014 
    
   
 62 
    
    
 $ 
 66.12 
    
    
   
 51 
    
    
 $ 
 830,895 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 4,860 
    
    
 $ 
 52.10 
    
    
   
 4,251 
    
    
 $ 
 830,895 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 * 
 Average price paid per share excludes accelerated share repurchases for which cost was incurred during the September 2013 quarter, but that did not settle unilt the
December 2013 quarter. See  Collared Accelerated Share Repurchases  section above for details regarding average price associated with these transactions.  
   
 
 
 (1) 
 In addition to shares repurchased under Board authorized repurchase programs, included in this column are 608,695 shares acquired at a total cost of $32.0 million which
the Company withheld through net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock unit awards granted under the Company’s equity compensation plans. The shares retained by the Company through these net
share settlements are not a part of the Board-authorized repurchase program but instead are authorized under the Company’s equity compensation plans.  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cumulative 5-year Return  
 The graph below compares Lam Research Corporation’s cumulative 5-year total shareholder return on Common Stock with the cumulative
total returns of the NASDAQ Composite index and the Research Data Group, Incorporated (“RDG”) Semiconductor Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Common Stock and in each of the indices (with the
reinvestment of all dividends) from June 30, 2009 to June 30, 2014.        


 
      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 6/09 
   
    
 6/10 
   
    
 6/11 
   
    
 6/12 
   
    
 6/13 
   
    
 6/14 
   


 
   Lam Research Corporation 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 146.38 
    
    
   
 170.31 
    
    
   
 145.15 
    
    
   
 170.54 
    
    
   
 260.64 
    
 
   NASDAQ Composite 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 117.06 
    
    
   
 154.79 
    
    
   
 167.05 
    
    
   
 197.48 
    
    
   
 259.41 
    
 
   S&P 500 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 114.43 
    
    
   
 149.55 
    
    
   
 157.70 
    
    
   
 190.18 
    
    
   
 236.98 
    
 
   RDG Semiconductor Composite 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 112.38 
    
    
   
 147.90 
    
    
   
 144.72 
    
    
   
 161.77 
    
    
   
 220.24 
    
 
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data  (derived from audited financial statements)    
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 (1) 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 (1) 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 (1) 
   
   
 June 26, 2011 
   
   
 June 27, 2010 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   OPERATIONS: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
   
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
   
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
   
 $ 
 2,665,192 
    
   
 $ 
 3,237,693 
    
   
 $ 
 2,133,776 
    
 
   Gross margin 
   
   
 2,007,481 
    
   
   
 1,403,059 
    
   
   
 1,084,069 
    
   
   
 1,497,232 
    
   
   
 969,935 
    
 
   Restructuring charges, net (2) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,813 
    
   
   
 1,725 
    
   
   
 11,579 
    
   
   
 21,314 
    
 
   409A expense (3) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (38,590 
 )  
 
   Operating income 
   
   
 677,669 
    
   
   
 118,071 
    
   
   
 237,733 
    
   
   
 804,285 
    
   
   
 425,410 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 632,289 
    
   
   
 113,879 
    
   
   
 168,723 
    
   
   
 723,748 
    
   
   
 346,669 
    
 
   Net income per share: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
   
 $ 
 3.84 
    
   
 $ 
 0.67 
    
   
 $ 
 1.36 
    
   
 $ 
 5.86 
    
   
 $ 
 2.73 
    
 
   Diluted 
   
 $ 
 3.62 
    
   
 $ 
 0.66 
    
   
 $ 
 1.35 
    
   
 $ 
 5.79 
    
   
 $ 
 2.71 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
   
 $ 
 0.18 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   BALANCE SHEET: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Working capital 
   
 $ 
 3,201,661 
    
   
 $ 
 2,389,354 
    
   
 $ 
 2,988,181 
    
   
 $ 
 2,592,506 
    
   
 $ 
 1,198,004 
    
 
   Total assets 
   
   
 7,993,306 
    
   
   
 7,250,315 
    
   
   
 8,004,652 
    
   
   
 4,053,867 
    
   
   
 2,487,392 
    
 
   Long-term obligations, less current portion 
   
   
 1,198,221 
    
   
   
 1,170,048 
    
   
   
 1,255,600 
    
   
   
 903,263 
    
   
   
 160,600 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Fiscal years 2014 and 2013 amounts include operating results of Novellus. Fiscal year 2012 amounts include 20 days of operating results of Novellus from the acquisition
date of June 4, 2012. The Novellus acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Restructuring charges, net exclude restructuring charges (releases) included in cost of goods sold and reflected in gross margin of ($1.0) million, and $3.4 million for
fiscal years 2012 and 2010, respectively.  
 
 
 (3) 
   409A expense excludes a credit included in cost of goods sold and reflected in gross margin of $5.8 million in fiscal year 2010 related to a reversal
of accrued liabilities due to final settlement of matters associated with our Internal Revenue Code Section 409A (“409A”) expenses from the 2007 voluntary independent stock option review. Following a voluntary independent review of
its historical stock option granting process, the Company considered whether Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“IRC”), and similar provisions of state law, applied to certain stock option grants as to
which, under the applicable accounting guidance, intrinsic value was deemed to exist at the time of the options’ measurement dates. If, under applicable tax principles, an employee stock option is not considered as granted with an exercise
price equal to the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date, then the optionee may be subject to federal and state penalty taxes under Section 409A (collectively, “Section 409A liabilities”). On March 30,
2008, the Board of Directors authorized the Company (i) to assume potential Section 409A Liabilities, inclusive of applicable penalties and interest, of current and past employees arising
 
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 
from the exercise in 2006 and 2007 of Company stock options that vested after 2004, and (ii) if necessary, to compensate such employees for additional tax liability associated with that
assumption.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended (1) 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 March 30, 2014 
   
    
 December 29, 2013 
   
    
 September 29, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   QUARTERLY FISCAL YEAR 2014: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,248,797 
    
    
 $ 
 1,227,392 
    
    
 $ 
 1,116,061 
    
    
 $ 
 1,015,059 
    
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 557,036 
    
    
   
 530,798 
    
    
   
 487,789 
    
    
   
 431,858 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 215,850 
    
    
   
 191,937 
    
    
   
 164,474 
    
    
   
 105,408 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 233,395 
    
    
   
 164,396 
    
    
   
 148,992 
    
    
   
 85,506 
    
 
   Net income per share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.44 
    
    
 $ 
 1.01 
    
    
 $ 
 0.92 
    
    
 $ 
 0.52 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.35 
    
    
 $ 
 0.96 
    
    
 $ 
 0.87 
    
    
 $ 
 0.50 
    
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 162,215 
    
    
   
 162,238 
    
    
   
 162,305 
    
    
   
 162,896 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 173,345 
    
    
   
 171,636 
    
    
   
 171,757 
    
    
   
 171,363 
    
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended (1) 
   
 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 March 31, 2013 
   
    
 December 23, 2012 
   
    
 September 23, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   
 
   QUARTERLY FISCAL YEAR 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 986,214 
    
    
 $ 
 844,928 
    
    
 $ 
 860,886 
    
    
 $ 
 906,888 
    
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 413,927 
    
    
   
 339,832 
    
    
   
 315,414 
    
    
   
 333,886 
    
 
   Restructuring charges, net - operating expenses 
    
   
 792 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,021 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 86,498 
    
    
   
 10,819 
    
    
   
 4,042 
    
    
   
 16,712 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 85,707 
    
    
   
 18,996 
    
    
   
 6,408 
    
    
   
 2,768 
    
 
   Net income per share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.53 
    
    
 $ 
 0.12 
    
    
 $ 
 0.04 
    
    
 $ 
 0.02 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.50 
    
    
 $ 
 0.11 
    
    
 $ 
 0.04 
    
    
 $ 
 0.02 
    
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 162,520 
    
    
   
 163,034 
    
    
   
 170,699 
    
    
   
 179,928 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 169,722 
    
    
   
 168,504 
    
    
   
 173,027 
    
    
   
 181,926 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Our reporting period is a 52/53-week fiscal year. The fiscal years ended June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013 included 52 and 53 weeks, respectively. All
quarters presented above included 13 weeks, except the quarter ended March 31, 2013, which included 14 weeks.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements, which are subject
to risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value and effect. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those
discussed in “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this 2014 Form 10-K and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (See “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in
Part I of this 2014 Form 10-K).    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations (“MD&A”) provides a description of our results of operations and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this 2014
Form 10-K. MD&A consists of the following sections:    Executive Summary  provides a summary of the key
highlights of our results of operations and our management’s assessment of material trends and uncertainties relevant to our business.    Results of Operations  provides an analysis of operating results.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  discusses accounting policies that reflect the more significant judgments and estimates
used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.    Liquidity and Capital Resources  provides an analysis
of cash flows, contractual obligations and financial position.    Executive Summary  
 Lam Research has been an innovative supplier of wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry for more than 30
years. Our customers include semiconductor manufacturers that make memory, microprocessors, and other logic integrated circuits for a wide range of electronics; including cell phones, computers, storage devices and networking equipment.  
 Our market-leading products are designed to help our customers build the smaller, faster and more power-efficient devices that are
necessary to power the capabilities required by end users. The process of integrated circuits fabrication consists of a complex series of process and preparation steps and Lam’s product offerings in deposition, etch and clean address a number
of the most critical steps in the fabrication process. We leverage our expertise in semiconductor processing to develop technology and productivity solutions that typically benefit our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster
processing time, and reduced cost as well as by facilitating their ability to meet more stringent performance and design standards.    The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and subject to business cycles that historically have been characterized by rapid changes in demand. More recently with
consolidation in the customer base, the cyclical behavior appears to have diminished somewhat. With a reduced number of customers, variability in their business plans may lead to changes in demand for Lam’s equipment and services over certain
periods. The variability in our customers’ investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics
industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and our customers’ ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices.  
 Demand for our products increased steadily throughout fiscal year 2014 as semiconductor device manufacturers made capacity and technology
investments. Technology inflections have been in industry inflection points that include FinFET transistors, 3-D NAND and multiple patterning. These technology inflections have led to an increase in the deposition, etch and clean market size. This
increase, as well as market share gains in these inflections, have contributed to the increased revenue in fiscal 2014. We believe that, over the longer term, demand for our products should increase as the proportion of customers’ capital
expenditures rise in these technology inflection areas, and we continue to gain market share.  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following summarizes certain key annual financial information for the periods indicated
below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30. 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
   
 FY14 vs. FY13 
   
   
 FY13 vs. FY12 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data and percentages) 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
   
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
   
 $ 
 2,665,192 
    
   
 $ 
 1,008,393 
    
   
   
 28.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 933,724 
    
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   Gross margin 
    
 $ 
 2,007,481 
    
   
 $ 
 1,403,059 
    
   
 $ 
 1,084,069 
    
   
 $ 
 604,422 
    
   
   
 43.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 318,990 
    
   
   
 29.4 
 %  
 
   Gross margin as a percent of total revenue 
    
   
 43.6 
 %  
   
   
 39.0 
 %  
   
   
 40.7 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 -1.7 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
 $ 
 1,329,812 
    
   
 $ 
 1,284,988 
    
   
 $ 
 846,336 
    
   
 $ 
 44,824 
    
   
   
 3.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 438,652 
    
   
   
 51.8 
 %  
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 632,289 
    
   
 $ 
 113,879 
    
   
 $ 
 168,723 
    
   
 $ 
 518,410 
    
   
   
 455.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (54,844 
 )  
   
   
 -32.5 
 %  
 
   Diluted net income per share 
    
 $ 
 3.62 
    
   
 $ 
 0.66 
    
   
 $ 
 1.35 
    
   
 $ 
 2.96 
    
   
   
 448.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 (0.69 
 )  
   
   
 -51.1 
 %  
   On June 4, 2012, we completed our acquisition of Novellus Systems, Inc (“Novellus”).
Results for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 include Novellus operations. Results for fiscal year 2012 include Novellus operations from the acquisition date through June 24, 2012. Lam’s primary reasons for this acquisition were to complement
existing product offerings and to provide opportunities for revenue growth and cost synergies.    Fiscal year 2014 revenues
increased 28% compared to fiscal year 2013, reflecting the increase in technology inflections’ spending, as well as, incremental market share gains. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal year 2014 compared to
fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to a decrease in Novellus acquisition-related inventory fair value adjustments, improved business volumes and product mix. Operating expenses in fiscal year 2014 increased as compared to fiscal year 2013 primarily
related to continued investments in the next-generation research and development and customer facing activities.    Our cash and
cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments balances totaled approximately $3.2 billion as of June 29, 2014 compared to $2.7 billion as of June 30, 2013. This increase was primarily the result of $717
million of cash flows from operating activities, offset by $245 million in share repurchases. This compares to $720 million in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2013.    Results of Operations    Shipments and Backlog  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   


 
   Shipments (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 4,551 
    
   
 $ 
 3,714 
    
   
 $ 
 2,672 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korea 
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 16 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 21 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   Japan 
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 11 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
 
   China 
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
 
   United States 
    
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Europe 
    
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
   Shipments for fiscal year 2014 were approximately $4.6 billion and increased by 23% compared to fiscal
year 2013. Shipments for fiscal year 2013 were approximately $3.7 billion and increased by 39% compared to fiscal year 2012. The increase in shipments during fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 related to continued strengthening of
customer demand through fiscal year 2014. The increase in shipments during fiscal year 2013 as compared to fiscal year 2012 related to having a full year of combined operations with Novellus and the strengthening of customer demand in the second
half of fiscal year 2013.  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The percentage of total semiconductor processing system shipments to each of the market
segments we serve were as follows for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   


 
   Memory 
    
   
 60 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
   
   
 45 
 %  
 
   Foundry 
    
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
   
   
 46 
 %  
 
   Logic/integrated device manufacturing 
    
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   During fiscal year 2014, memory customer demand was higher due to node transitions in memory
manufacturing, stable pricing for memory, and tight industry supply.    Unshipped orders in backlog as of June 29, 2014
were approximately $866 million and increased from approximately $764 million as of June 30, 2013. Our unshipped orders backlog includes orders for systems, spares, and services. Please refer to “Backlog” in Part I Item 1,
“Business” of this report for a description of our policies for adding to and adjusting backlog.    Revenue  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   


 
   Revenue (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 4,607 
    
   
 $ 
 3,599 
    
   
 $ 
 2,665 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korea 
    
   
 24 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
   
   
 33 
 %  
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 23 
 %  
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
   
 18 
 %  
 
   Japan 
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   China 
    
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
   
   
 5 
 %  
 
   United States 
    
   
 13 
 %  
   
   
 20 
 %  
   
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Europe 
    
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 8 
 %  
   
   
 9 
 %  
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
   
 7 
 %  
   
   
 6 
 %  
   The revenue increase in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 reflected increased customer and
industry demand. The revenue increase in fiscal year 2013 as compared to fiscal year 2012 reflected a full fiscal year of operations post-acquisition of Novellus. Our revenue levels are generally correlated to the amount of shipments and our
installation and acceptance timelines. The overall Asia region continues to account for a majority of our revenues as a substantial amount of the worldwide capacity additions for semiconductor manufacturing continues to occur in this region. Our
deferred revenue balance was $361.6 million as of June 29, 2014 compared to $389.2 million as of June 30, 2013. Our deferred revenue balance does not include shipments to Japanese customers, to whom title does not transfer until
customer acceptance. Shipments to Japanese customers are classified as inventory at cost until the time of customer acceptance. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers was approximately $34 million as of
June 29, 2014 compared to $70 million as of June 30, 2013.    Gross Margin  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
   
 FY14 vs. FY13 
   
   
 FY13 vs. FY12 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
   


 
   Gross margin 
    
 $ 
 2,007,481 
    
   
 $ 
 1,403,059 
    
   
 $ 
 1,084,069 
    
   
 $ 
 604,422 
    
   
   
 43.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 318,990 
    
   
   
 29.4 
 %  
 
   Percent of total revenue 
    
   
 43.6 
 %  
   
   
 39.0 
 %  
   
   
 40.7 
 %  
   
   
 4.6 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 -1.7 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2014 compared to
fiscal year 2013 was due to higher business volumes as well as a more favorable product mix. Additionally, the Novellus acquisition related inventory fair value impact and cost associated with rationalization of certain product configurations
decreased by $78 million and $15 million, respectively, in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013.    The decrease in
gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 was due primarily to higher Novellus acquisition-related inventory fair value adjustments of approximately $77 million, amortization of acquired intangible
assets of approximately $78 million, and $16 million of costs associated with rationalization of certain product configurations. Offsetting these higher Novellus acquisition and product configuration-related expenses was a favorable change in gross
margin as a result of increased business volume.    Research and Development  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 
   
   
 June 30, 
   
   
 June 24, 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 FY14 vs. FY13 
   
   
 FY13 vs. FY12 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
   


 
   Research & development (“R&D”) 
    
 $ 
 716,471 
    
   
 $ 
 683,688 
    
   
 $ 
 444,559 
    
   
 $ 
 32,783 
    
   
   
 4.8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 239,129 
    
   
   
 53.8 
 %  
 
   Percent of total revenue 
    
   
 15.6 
 %  
   
   
 19.0 
 %  
   
   
 16.7 
 %  
   
   
 -3.4 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2.3 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   We continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch,
single-wafer clean and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to a $41 million increase in salaries and benefits related to higher
headcount and higher incentive and equity compensation offset by a reduction of $7 million in supplies.    The increase in
R&D spending during fiscal year 2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 reflects a full year of combined operations with Novellus. Increased R&D expense included $111 million in salary and benefits mainly due to higher headcount, $46 million in
supplies, $26 million in depreciation and amortization due to new product development, $15 million in outside services, and an additional $12 million in rent, utilities and repairs.    Selling, General and Administrative      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
   
 FY14 vs. FY13 
   
   
 FY13 vs. FY12 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
   


 
   Selling, general & administrative (“SG&A”) 
    
 $ 
 613,341 
    
   
 $ 
 601,300 
    
   
 $ 
 401,777 
    
   
 $ 
 12,041 
    
   
   
 2.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 199,523 
    
   
   
 49.7 
 %  
 
   Percent of total revenue 
    
   
 13.3 
 %  
   
   
 16.7 
 %  
   
   
 15.1 
 %  
   
   
 -3.4 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1.6 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   The increase in SG&A expense during fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily
to a net increase of $11 million in salaries, benefits and incentive compensation, $20 million increase in marketing expenses and outside services, $7 million in costs associated with rationalization of certain product configurations, $8 million of
impairment of a long lived asset, and a $5 million cost related to the renewal of our Fremont and Livermore buildings’ operating leases. This increase was offset by a $34 million reduction in integration costs and a $10 million reduction in
amortization of intangible assets related to the Novellus integration.    The increase in SG&A expense during fiscal year
2013 compared to fiscal year 2012 was due primarily to the impact of combined operations with Novellus. Increased expense includes $108 million in salary and benefits  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
due to a higher headcount, $73 million of intangible asset amortization, $29 million in integration cost, and $14 million in rent/repair/utilities, all offset by a $47 million decrease in
Novellus acquisition-related cost.    Gain on Sale of Real Estate   During the fiscal year 2014, we sold our interest in nonessential property in Palo Alto, California, resulting in $135 million in net proceeds and a realized gain of $83 million from the transaction.
   Other Expense, Net    Other expense, net, consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 12,540 
    
   
 $ 
 14,737 
    
   
 $ 
 12,141 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (61,692 
 )  
   
   
 (60,408 
 )  
   
   
 (38,962 
 )  
 
   Gains (losses) on deferred compensation plan related assets, net 
    
   
 9,559 
    
   
   
 9,764 
    
   
   
 (914 
 )  
 
   Foreign exchange gains (losses), net 
    
   
 1,529 
    
   
   
 (6,808 
 )  
   
   
 (397 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 668 
    
   
   
 (8,698 
 )  
   
   
 (5,183 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (37,396 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (51,413 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (33,315 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The increase in interest expense during fiscal year 2013 as compared with fiscal year 2012 was primarily
due to the 2041 convertible notes assumed in June 2012 in connection with the Novellus acquisition.    Foreign exchange gains in
fiscal year 2014 and losses in fiscal years 2013 and 2012 were related to un-hedged portions of the balance sheet exposures.  
 Other income realized during fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to a gain on the disposition of a private equity investment. Other
expenses during fiscal year 2013 included a $4 million other-than-temporary impairment of a public equity investment recognized during the March 2013 quarter. Other expenses during fiscal year 2012 included a $2 million other-than temporary
impairment of a private equity investment recognized during the September 2011 quarter.    Income Tax Expense (benefit)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 
   
   
 June 30, 
   
   
 June 24, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 91,074 
    
   
 $ 
 (47,221 
 )  
   
 $ 
 35,695 
    
 
   Effective tax rate 
    
   
 12.6 
 %  
   
   
 -70.8 
 %  
   
   
 17.5 
 %  
   The increase in the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily
due to the change in the level of income and geographic mix of income between higher and lower tax jurisdictions, U.S. income and applicable foreign withholding taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries for 2014,
reduced tax benefit in fiscal year 2014 due to the expiration of the federal research and development tax credit as of December 31, 2013, and tax benefits in fiscal year 2013 related to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits
due to the lapse of the statute of limitations and successful resolution of certain tax matters. The decrease in the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2013 as compared to fiscal year 2012 was  

      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
primarily due to the level of income, tax benefits related to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits due to the lapse of the statute of limitations and successful resolution of
certain tax matters, the change in geographical mix of income between higher and lower tax jurisdictions, and tax benefit due to the retroactive reinstatement of the federal research and development tax credit in January 2013.  
 International revenues account for a significant portion of our total revenues, such that a material portion of our pre-tax income is
earned and taxed outside the United States at rates that are generally lower than in the United States. Please refer to Note 15 to Consolidated Financial Statements.    Deferred Income Taxes    Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of
temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. Our gross deferred tax assets, composed primarily
of reserves and accruals that are not currently deductible and tax credit carryforwards, were $343 million and $318 million at the end of fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively. These gross deferred tax assets were offset by deferred tax
liabilities of $294 million and $259 million at the end of fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively, and a valuation allowance of $74 million and $77 million at the end of fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively. The change in the gross deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities between fiscal year 2014 and 2013 is primarily due to accrual for future tax liability due to the expected repatriation of foreign earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries for 2014 and amortization of
convertible debt, offset by increase in deferred tax assets related to accounting allowances and reserves.    Our fiscal years
2014 and 2013 valuation allowance of $74 million and $77 million primarily relate to California and certain foreign deferred tax assets.    At our fiscal year end of June 29, 2014 we continue to record a valuation allowance to offset the entire California deferred tax asset balance due to the impact of the single sales factor
apportionment election resulting in lower taxable income in California. We also continue to record valuation allowance on certain foreign entities’ net operating losses.    We evaluate the realizability of the deferred tax assets quarterly and will continue to assess the need for changes in valuation allowances, if any.  
 Uncertain Tax Positions  
 We reevaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in
facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make certain judgments, estimates and assumptions that
could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. We based our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on
various other assumptions we believed to be applicable and evaluate them on an ongoing basis to ensure they remain reasonable under current conditions. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.  
 The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements are described in Note 2 of our Consolidated
Financial Statements. Some of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies. A critical accounting policy is defined as one that has both a material impact on
 
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
our financial condition and results of operations and requires us to make difficult, complex and/or subjective judgments, often regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
   We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the
preparation of our consolidated financial statements.    Recognition:  We recognize all revenue when persuasive evidence
of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred and title has passed or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collection of the receivable is reasonably assured, and we have received customer acceptance or are
otherwise released from our customer acceptance obligations. If terms of the sale provide for a lapsing customer acceptance period, we recognize revenue upon the expiration of the lapsing acceptance period or customer acceptance, whichever occurs
first. If the practices of a customer do not provide for a written acceptance or the terms of sale do not include a lapsing acceptance provision, we recognize revenue when it can be reliably demonstrated that the delivered system meets all of the
agreed-to customer specifications. In situations with multiple deliverables, we recognize revenue upon the delivery of the separate elements to the customer and when we receive customer acceptance or are otherwise released from our customer
acceptance obligations. We allocate revenue from multiple-element arrangements among the separate elements based on their relative selling prices, provided the elements have value on a stand-alone basis. Our sales arrangements do not include a
general right of return. The maximum revenue we recognize on a delivered element is limited to the amount that is not contingent upon the delivery of additional items. We generally recognize revenue related to sales of spare parts and system upgrade
kits upon shipment. We generally recognize revenue related to services upon completion of the services requested by a customer order. We recognize revenue for extended maintenance service contracts with a fixed payment amount on a straight-line
basis over the term of the contract. When goods or services have been delivered to the customer but all conditions for revenue recognition have not been met, we record deferred revenue and/or deferred costs of sales in deferred profit on our
Consolidated Balance Sheet.    Inventory Valuation:  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using standard
costs that approximate actual costs on a first-in, first-out basis. We maintain a perpetual inventory system and continuously record the quantity on-hand and standard cost for each product, including purchased components, subassemblies, and finished
goods. We maintain the integrity of perpetual inventory records through periodic physical counts of quantities on hand. Finished goods are reported as inventories until the point of title transfer to the customer. Unless specified in the terms of
sale, title generally transfers when we complete physical transfer of the products to the freight carrier. Transfer of title for shipments to Japanese customers generally occurs at the time of customer acceptance.  
 Management evaluates the need to record adjustments for impairment of inventory at least quarterly. Our policy is to assess the valuation
of all inventories including manufacturing raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods, and spare parts in each reporting period. Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management’s estimated usage requirement is written down to its
estimated market value if less than cost. Estimates of market value include, but are not limited to, management’s forecasts related to our future manufacturing schedules, customer demand, technological and/or market obsolescence, general
semiconductor market conditions, and possible alternative uses. If future customer demand or market conditions are less favorable than our projections, additional inventory write-downs may be required and would be reflected in cost of goods sold in
the period in which we make the revision.    Warranty:  Typically, the sale of semiconductor capital equipment includes
providing parts and service warranties to customers as part of the overall price of the system. We provide standard warranties for our systems. We record a provision for estimated warranty expenses to cost of sales for each system when we recognize
revenue. We do not maintain general or unspecified reserves; all warranty reserves are related to specific systems. The amount recorded is based on an analysis of historical activity that uses factors such as type of system, customer, geographic
region, and any known factors such as tool reliability trends. All actual or estimated parts and labor costs incurred in subsequent periods are charged to those established reserves on a system-by-system basis.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  While we periodically monitor the performance and cost of warranty activities, if actual
costs incurred are different than our estimates, we may recognize adjustments to provisions in the period in which those differences arise or are identified. In addition to the provision of standard warranties, we offer customer-paid extended
warranty services. Revenues for extended maintenance and warranty services with a fixed payment amount are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Related costs are recorded as incurred.  
 Equity-based Compensation — Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) and Employee Stock Plans:  GAAP requires us to
recognize the fair value of equity-based compensation in net income. We determine the fair value of our restricted stock units (“RSUs”), excluding market-based performance RSUs, based on the fair market value of Company stock at the date
of grant. We estimate the fair value of our market-based performance RSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation model at the date of the grant. We estimate the fair value of our stock options and ESPP awards using the Black-Scholes option valuation model.
This model requires us to input highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award. We amortize the fair value of equity-based awards over the vesting periods of the awards, and we have
elected to use the straight-line method of amortization.    We make quarterly assessments of the adequacy of our tax credit pool
related to equity-based compensation to determine if there are any deficiencies that we are required to recognize in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We will only recognize a benefit from stock-based compensation in paid-in-capital if we
realize an incremental tax benefit after all other tax attributes currently available to us have been utilized. In addition, we have elected to account for the indirect benefits of stock-based compensation on the research tax credit through the
income statement (continuing operations) rather than through paid-in-capital. We have also elected to net deferred tax assets and the associated valuation allowance related to net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the accumulated stock
award tax benefits for income tax footnote disclosure purposes. We will track these stock award attributes separately and will only recognize these attributes through paid-in-capital.  
 Income Taxes:  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be
realized. Realization of our net deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income. We believe it is more-likely-than-not that such assets will be realized; however, ultimate realization could be negatively impacted by market conditions and
other variables not known or anticipated at the time. In the event that we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets, an adjustment would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is
made. Likewise, if we later determine that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets would be realized, then the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed.  
 We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based
solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Please refer to Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information.    In addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the
application of complex tax regulations. We recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates
that it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is
more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as this requires us to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. We reevaluate these uncertain tax
positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit, and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or
measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision in the period such determination is made.  
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Goodwill and Intangible Assets:  The valuation of intangible assets acquired in a
business combination requires the use of management estimates including but not limited to estimating future expected cash flows from assets acquired and determining discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon
assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information
becomes available.    Goodwill represents the amount by which the purchase price in each business combination exceeds the fair
value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Each component of the Company for which discrete financial information is available and for which segment management regularly reviews the results of operations is considered a
reporting unit. All goodwill acquired in a business combination is assigned to one or more reporting units as of the acquisition date. Goodwill is assigned to the Company’s reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
combination. The goodwill assigned to a reporting unit is the difference between the acquisition consideration assigned to the reporting unit on a relative fair value basis and the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities that can be
specifically attributed to the reporting unit. We test goodwill and identifiable intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually. We amortize intangible assets with estimable useful lives over their respective
estimated useful lives, and we review for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds its fair value.  
 We review goodwill at least annually for impairment. If certain events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment tests,
we would perform an impairment test at that date. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) allocate goodwill to our reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (2) estimate the fair value of our reporting
units; and (3) determine the carrying value (book value) of those reporting units, as some of the assets and liabilities related to those reporting units are not held by those reporting units but by a corporate function. Prior to this
allocation of the assets to the reporting units, we assess long-lived assets for impairment. Furthermore, if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we must estimate the fair value of all identifiable assets and
liabilities of that reporting unit, in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation for an acquired business. This can require independent valuations of certain internally generated and unrecognized intangible assets such as in-process R&D
and developed technology. Only after this process is completed can the amount of goodwill impairment, if any, be determined. In our goodwill impairment analysis we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a
quantitative analysis. We do not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. Our most recent
annual goodwill impairment analysis, which was performed as of the first day of our fourth quarter, March 31, 2014, did not result in a goodwill impairment charge, nor did we record any goodwill impairment in fiscal 2013 or 2012. As a result of
historical performance and growth potential, our single-wafer Clean systems reporting unit may be at greater risk for goodwill impairment than our other reporting units if our actual results for this reporting unit differ from our projections.
   The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points
during the analysis. We determine the fair value of our reporting units by using a weighted combination of both a market and an income approach, as this combination is deemed to be the most indicative of fair value in an orderly transaction between
market participants.    Under the market approach, we use information regarding the reporting unit as well as publicly available
industry information to determine various financial multiples to value our reporting units. Under the income approach, we determine fair value based on estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit, discounted by an estimated weighted-average
cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of a reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn.    In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of our annual or periodic analyses, we make estimates and judgments about the future cash flows of our reporting units, including
estimated growth rates and  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
assumptions about the economic environment. Although our cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying
businesses, there is significant judgment involved in determining the cash flows attributable to a reporting unit. In addition, we make certain judgments about allocating shared assets to the estimated balance sheets of our reporting units. We also
consider our market capitalization and that of our competitors on the date we perform the analysis. Changes in judgment on these assumptions and estimates could result in a goodwill impairment charge.  
 As a result, several factors could result in impairment of a material amount of our goodwill balance in future periods, including, but
not limited to: (1) weakening of the global economy, weakness in the semiconductor equipment industry, or our failure to reach our internal forecasts, which could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted levels of cash flows and reduce the
estimated discounted cash flow value of our reporting units; and (2) a decline in our stock price and resulting market capitalization, if we determine that the decline is sustained and indicates a reduction in the fair value of our reporting
units below their carrying value. In addition, the value we assign to intangible assets, other than goodwill, is based on our estimates and judgments regarding expectations such as the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. If
actual product acceptance differs significantly from our estimates, we may be required to record an impairment charge to write down the asset to its realizable value.    Recent Accounting Pronouncements    In July 2013, the FASB released
Accounting Standards Update 2013-11 “Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.” The new standard requires that an unrecognized tax benefit
should be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward or other tax credit carryforward when settlement in this manner is available under the tax law. We are required to adopt this standard starting in
fiscal year 2015 and are currently in the process of determining the impact, if any, on our financial position.    In April
2014, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2014-8 “Presentation of Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosure of Disposals of Components of an Entity.” The new standard
re-defines discontinued operations and requires only those disposals of components of an entity, including classifications as held for sale, that represent a strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on an entity’s operations and
financial results to be reported as discontinued operations. In addition, the new standard expands the disclosure requirements of discontinued operations. We are required to adopt this standard starting in fiscal year 2015 and are currently in the
process of determining the impact, if any, on our financial position.    In May 2014, the FASB released Accounting Standards
Update 2014-9 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of the standard is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The new standard defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and
estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and
allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. We are required to adopt this standard starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period
presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within the standard; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application and providing
certain additional disclosures as defined per the standard. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of this standard on our financial position.  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 Total gross cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments balances were $3.2 billion at the end of
fiscal year 2014 compared to $2.7 billion at the end of fiscal year 2013. This increase was primarily the result of $717 million of cash flow from operating activities. Approximately $2.2 billion and $2.0 billion of our total cash and investments as
of June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013, respectively, were held outside the U.S. in our foreign subsidiaries, the majority of which would be subject to tax at U.S. rates if it were to be repatriated. Refer to Note 15 of our Consolidated
Financial Statements, included in Item 15 of this report, for information concerning the potential tax impact of repatriating earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries that are permanently reinvested outside the U.S.  
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities    Net cash provided by operating activities of $717 million during fiscal year 2014 consisted of (in millions):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
  632 
    
 
   Non-cash charges: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 292 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation 
    
   
 104 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Amortization of convertible note discount 
    
   
 33 
    
 
   Impairment 
    
   
 12 
    
 
   Gain on sale of real estate 
    
   
 (83 
 )  
 
   Changes in operating asset and liability accounts 
    
   
 (293 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 12 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 717 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Significant changes in operating asset and liability accounts, net of foreign exchange impact, included
the following uses of cash: increases in accounts receivable of $201.5 million, inventories of $190.1 million, and prepaid expenses and other assets of $9.5 million, partially offset by the following sources of cash: increases in accounts payable of
$18.7 million, deferred profit of $10.9 million and accrued liabilities of $78.6 million.    Cash Flows from Investing Activities
   Net cash used for investing activities during fiscal year 2014 was $265.2 million, which was primarily due to net
purchases of available-for-sale securities of $284.0 million, and capital expenditures of $145.5 million, partially offset by cash proceeds on the sale of assets of $156.7 million.    Cash Flows from Financing Activities    Net cash used for financing
activities during fiscal year 2014 was $162.7 million, which was primarily due to $244.9 million in treasury stock repurchases, partially offset by net proceeds from issuance of Common Stock related to employee equity-based plans of $77.7
million.    Liquidity    Given the cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment industry, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital
infrastructure. Based upon our current business outlook, we expect that our levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at June 29, 2014 will be sufficient to support our presently anticipated levels of operations, investments,
debt service requirements, and capital expenditures, through at least the next 12 months.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our
ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. While we have substantial cash balances in the United States and offshore, we may require additional funding and need to raise the required funds through
borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. However, given the possibility of changes in
market conditions or other occurrences, there can be no certainty that such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us.    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations    We have certain
obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of which are recorded on our balance sheet and some of which are not. Obligations that are recorded on our balance sheet in accordance with GAAP include our long-term debt which is
outlined in the following table. Our off-balance sheet arrangements are presented as operating leases and purchase obligations in the table. Our contractual obligations and commitments as of June 29, 2014, relating to these agreements and our
guarantees are included in the following table. The amounts in the table below exclude $258 million of liabilities related to uncertain tax benefits as we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate amount or time of settlement. See Note 15 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Total 
   
   
 Less than 1 year 
   
   
 1-3 years 
   
   
 3-5 years 
   
   
 More than 5 years 
   
   
 Sublease Income 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Operating Leases 
   
 $ 
 45,242 
    
   
 $ 
 15,109 
    
   
 $ 
 19,748 
    
   
 $ 
 5,578 
    
   
 $ 
 5,482 
    
   
 $ 
 (675 
 )  
 
   Capital Leases 
   
   
 12,321 
    
   
   
 1,857 
    
   
   
 1,829 
    
   
   
 8,635 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase Obligations 
   
   
 205,696 
    
   
   
 185,450 
    
   
   
 12,148 
    
   
   
 5,170 
    
   
   
 2,928 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Long-term Debt and Interest Expense* 
   
   
 2,119,729 
    
   
   
 26,248 
    
   
   
 499,965 
    
   
   
 491,665 
    
   
   
 1,101,851 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 2,382,988 
    
   
 $ 
 228,664 
    
   
 $ 
 533,690 
    
   
 $ 
 511,048 
    
   
 $ 
 1,110,261 
    
   
 $ 
 (675 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
 As noted above, the conversion period for the 2041 Notes opened as of June 30, 2013 and remains open as of June 29, 2014. As such, the net carrying value of
the 2041 Notes is included within current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The $700 million principal balance of the 2041 Notes has been included in the more than 5 years payment period in the table above, which reflects the
contractual maturity assuming no conversion. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 15 of this report, for additional information concerning the 2041 Notes and associated conversion feature.
   Operating Leases    We lease most of our administrative, R&D and manufacturing facilities, regional sales/service offices and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Certain of our facility leases for
buildings located at our Fremont, California headquarters, Livermore facilities, and certain other facility leases provide us with an option to extend the leases for additional periods or to purchase the facilities. Certain of our facility leases
provide for periodic rent increases based on the general rate of inflation. In addition to amounts included in the table above, we have guaranteed residual values for certain of our Fremont and Livermore facility leases of up to $191 million.
See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.    Capital Leases  
 Capital leases reflect building and office equipment lease obligations. The amounts in the table above include the interest portion of
payment obligations.    Purchase Obligations    Purchase obligations consist of significant contractual obligations either on an annual basis or over multi-year periods related to our outsourcing activities or other material commitments, including
vendor-consigned  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
inventories. The contractual cash obligations and commitments table presented above contains our minimum obligations at June 29, 2014 under these arrangements and others. For obligations
with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the preceding table were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms or the minimum cancellation fee. Actual expenditures will vary based on the volume of transactions and length
of contractual service provided.    Long-Term Debt    On May 11, 2011, we issued and sold $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.5% convertible notes due 2016 (the “2016 Notes”) and $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of
1.25% convertible notes due 2018 (the “2018 Notes,” and collectively with the “2016 Notes”, the “Notes”). The 2016 Notes were issued at par and pay interest at a rate of 0.5% per annum and the 2018 Notes were
issued at par and pay interest at a rate of 1.25% per annum. The Notes may be converted into our Common Stock, under certain circumstances, based on a conversion rate of 15.9128 shares of our Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes,
which is equal to a conversion price of approximately $62.84 per share of our Common Stock. The conversion price will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for accrued interest. Concurrently with the issuance of the Notes,
we purchased convertible note hedges for $181.1 million and sold warrants for $133.8 million. The separate convertible note hedges and warrant transactions are structured to reduce the potential future economic dilution associated with the
conversion of the Notes.    In June 2012, with the acquisition of Novellus, we assumed $700 million in aggregate principal
amount of 2.625% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2041 (the “2041 Notes”). The 2041 Notes were issued at par and pay interest at a rate of 2.625% per annum. The 2041 Notes may be converted, under certain circumstances, into our Common
Stock based on a conversion rate of 28.5572 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately $35.02 per share of Common Stock.  
 During fiscal year 2014, 2013, and 2012 we made $1.7 million, $2.2 million, and $5.3 million, respectively, in principal payments on
long-term debt and capital leases, respectively.    Revolving Credit Arrangements  
 On March 12, 2014, we entered into a $300 million revolving unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of lenders that matures on
March 12, 2019. The facility includes an option for us to, subject to certain requirements, request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $200 million, for a potential total commitment of $500 million. Proceeds from the credit
facility can be used for general corporate purposes. Interest on amounts borrowed under the credit facility is, at our option, based on (i) a base rate, defined as the greatest of (a) prime rate, (b) Federal Funds rate plus 0.5%, or
(c) one-month LIBOR plus 1.0%, plus a spread of 0.0% to 0.5% or (ii) LIBOR plus a spread of 0.9% to 1.5%, in each case the applicable spread is determined based on the rating of our non-credit enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt.
Principal, and any accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable upon maturity. Additionally, we will pay the lenders a quarterly commitment fee that varies based on our rating described above. The credit facility contains certain restrictive
covenants including maintaining a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio of no more than 0.5 to 1.0 and maintaining unrestricted or unencumbered cash and investments, of no less than $1.0 billion. As of June 29, 2014, we had no
borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and were in compliance with all financial covenants.    Other Guarantees  
 We have issued certain indemnifications to our lessors for taxes and general liability under some of our agreements. We have entered into
certain insurance contracts that may limit our exposure to such indemnifications. As of June 29, 2014, we had not recorded any liability on our Consolidated Financial Statements in connection with these indemnifications, as we do not believe,
based on information available, that it is probable that we will pay any amounts under these guarantees.  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Generally, we indemnify, under pre-determined conditions and limitations, our customers for
infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by our products or services. We seek to limit our liability for such indemnity to an amount not to exceed the sales price of the products or services subject to its indemnification
obligations. We do not believe, based on information available, that it is probable that we will pay any material amounts under these guarantees.    We provide guarantees and standby letters of credit to certain parties as required for certain transactions initiated during the ordinary course of business. As of June 29, 2014, the maximum
potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under these arrangements and letters of credit was $20.6 million. We do not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable
that any amounts will be required to be paid.      
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      Investments    We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings,
types, and maturities. As of June 29, 2014, our mutual funds are classified as trading securities. Investments classified as trading securities are recorded at fair value based upon quoted market prices. Any material differences between the
cost and fair value of trading securities is recognized as “Other income (expense)” in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. All of our other short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale and consequently are recorded in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax.    Interest Rate Risk    Fixed Income Securities  
 Our investments in various interest earning securities carry a degree of market risk for changes in interest rates. At any time, a sharp
rise in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our fixed income investment portfolio. Conversely, declines in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on interest income for our investment portfolio. We
target to maintain a conservative investment policy, which focuses on the safety and preservation of our capital by limiting default risk, market risk, reinvestment risk, and concentration risk. The following table presents the hypothetical fair
values of fixed income securities that would result from selected potential decreases and increases in interest rates. Market changes reflect immediate hypothetical parallel shifts in the yield curve of plus or minus 50 basis points
(“BPS”), 100 BPS, and 150 BPS. The hypothetical fair values as of June 29, 2014 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Valuation of Securities Given
an Interest Rate Decrease of X Basis Points 
   
   
 Fair Value as of June 29, 2014 
   
   
 Valuation of Securities Given an
Interest Rate Increase of X Basis Points 
   
 
   
   
 (150 BPS) 
   
   
 (100 BPS) 
   
   
 (50 BPS) 
   
   
 0.00% 
   
   
 50 BPS 
   
   
 100 BPS 
   
   
 150 BPS 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
   
 $ 
 336,959 
    
   
 $ 
 336,951 
    
   
 $ 
 336,716 
    
   
 $ 
 335,433 
    
   
 $ 
 333,555 
    
   
 $ 
 331,677 
    
   
 $ 
 329,799 
    
 
   US Treasury & Agencies 
   
   
 214,385 
    
   
   
 214,373 
    
   
   
 214,018 
    
   
   
 212,587 
    
   
   
 210,783 
    
   
   
 208,980 
    
   
   
 207,177 
    
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
   
   
 27,894 
    
   
   
 27,894 
    
   
   
 27,850 
    
   
   
 27,692 
    
   
   
 27,503 
    
   
   
 27,315 
    
   
   
 27,126 
    
 
   Foreign Government Bond 
   
   
 35,928 
    
   
   
 35,925 
    
   
   
 35,764 
    
   
   
 35,467 
    
   
   
 35,159 
    
   
   
 34,852 
    
   
   
 34,546 
    
 
   Corporate Notes and Bonds 
   
   
 1,019,017 
    
   
   
 1,018,062 
    
   
   
 1,014,386 
    
   
   
 1,008,788 
    
   
   
 1,003,035 
    
   
   
 997,284 
    
   
   
 991,533 
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
   
   
 27,603 
    
   
   
 27,421 
    
   
   
 27,189 
    
   
   
 26,944 
    
   
   
 26,703 
    
   
   
 26,460 
    
   
   
 26,216 
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
   
   
 113,661 
    
   
   
 113,210 
    
   
   
 112,585 
    
   
   
 111,933 
    
   
   
 111,281 
    
   
   
 110,629 
    
   
   
 109,977 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 1,775,447 
    
   
 $ 
 1,773,836 
    
   
 $ 
 1,768,508 
    
   
 $ 
 1,758,844 
    
   
 $ 
 1,748,019 
    
   
 $ 
 1,737,197 
    
   
 $ 
 1,726,374 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  We mitigate default risk by investing in high credit quality securities and by positioning
our portfolio to respond appropriately to a significant reduction in a credit rating of any investment issuer or guarantor. The portfolio includes only marketable securities with active secondary or resale markets to achieve portfolio liquidity and
maintain a prudent amount of diversification.    Long-Term Debt    As of June 29, 2014, we had $1.6 billion in principal amount of fixed-rate long-term debt outstanding, with a fair value of $2.6 billion. The fair value of our Notes is subject to interest rate risk,
market risk and other factors due to the convertible feature. Generally, the fair value of Notes will increase as interest rates fall and/or our Common Stock price increases, and decrease as interest rates rise and/or our Common Stock price
decreases. The interest and market value changes affect the fair value of our Notes but do not impact our financial position, cash flows, or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligations. We do not carry the Notes at fair
value, but present the fair value of the principal amount of our Notes for disclosure purposes.    Equity Price Risk  
 Publicly Traded Securities  
 The values of our investments in publicly traded securities, including mutual funds related to our obligations under our deferred
compensation plans, are subject to market price risk. The following table presents the hypothetical fair values of our publicly traded securities that would result from potential decreases and increases in the price of each security in the
portfolio. Potential fluctuations in the price of each security in the portfolio of plus or minus 10%, 15%, or 25% were selected based on potential near-term changes in those security prices. The hypothetical fair values as of June 29, 2014
were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Valuation of Securities Given an X%
Decrease in Stock Price 
   
    
 Fair Value as of June 29, 2014 
   
    
 Valuation of Securities Given an X%
Increase in Stock Price 
   
 
   
    
 (25%) 
   
    
 (15%) 
   
    
 (10%) 
   
    
 0.00% 
   
    
 10% 
   
    
 15% 
   
    
 25% 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Mutual Funds 
    
 $ 
 16,319 
    
    
 $ 
 18,494 
    
    
 $ 
 19,582 
    
    
 $ 
 21,758 
    
    
 $ 
 23,934 
    
    
 $ 
 25,022 
    
    
 $ 
 27,198 
    
   Foreign Currency Exchange (“FX”) Risk  
 We conduct business on a global basis in several major international currencies. As such, we are potentially exposed to adverse as well as
beneficial movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The majority of our revenues and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily related to revenues denominated in
Japanese yen and euro-denominated expenses.    We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the short-term
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts payables and intercompany receivables and payables. In addition, we
hedge certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows, primarily on Japanese yen-denominated revenues and euro-denominated expenses.    To protect against the reduction in value of anticipated revenues denominated in Japanese yen-and euro-denominated expenses, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts that generally expire within
12 months, and no later than 24 months. These foreign currency forward contracts are designated as cash flow hedges and are carried on our balance sheet at fair value, with the effective portion of the contracts’ gains or losses
included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently recognized in earnings in the same period the hedged revenue and/or expense is recognized. We also enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the gains and
losses generated by the remeasurement of certain non-U.S.-dollar denominated monetary assets and  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
liabilities, primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts payables and intercompany receivables and payables. The change in fair value of these balance sheet hedge contracts is recorded
into earnings as a component of other income (expense), net and offsets the change in fair value of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities also recorded in other income (expense), net, assuming the hedge contract fully
covers the intercompany and trade receivable balances. The notional amount and unrealized gain of our outstanding forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges, as of June 29, 2014 are shown in the table below. This table also shows
the change in fair value of these cash flow hedges assuming a hypothetical foreign currency exchange rate movement of plus-or-minus 10 percent and plus-or-minus 15 percent.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Unrealized FX Gain / (Loss) June 29, 2014 
   
   
 Valuation of Fx Contracts Given an 
X% Increase (+)/Decrease(-) in Each Fx Rate 
   
 
   
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
 + / - (10%) 
   
    
 + / - (15%) 
   
 
   
    
   
    
 (in $ Millions) 
   


 
   Cash Flow Hedge 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Sell 
    
 Japanese Yen 
    
 $ 
 98.5 
    
    
 $ 
 0.5 
    
   
 $ 
 9.8 
    
    
 $ 
 14.7 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Euro 
    
   
 93.9 
    
    
   
 (0.6 
 )  
   
   
 9.3 
    
    
   
 14.0 
    
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 ($ 
 0.1 
 )  
   
 $ 
 19.1 
    
    
 $ 
 28.7 
    
   The notional amount and unrealized loss of our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts that are
designated as balance sheet hedges, as of June 29, 2014 are shown in the table below. This table also shows the change in fair value of these balance sheet hedges, assuming a hypothetical foreign currency exchange rate movement of plus-or-minus
10 percent and plus-or-minus 15 percent. These changes in fair values would be offset in other income (expense), net, by corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, assuming the
hedge contract fully covers the intercompany and trade receivable balances.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Unrealized FX Gain / (Loss) June 29, 2014 
   
   
 Valuation of Fx Contracts Given an 
X% Increase (+)/Decrease(-) in Each Fx Rate 
   
 
   
    
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
   
 + / - (10%) 
   
    
 + / - (15%) 
   
 
   
    
   
    
 (in $ Millions) 
   


 
   Balance Sheet Hedge 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Sell 
    
 Japanese Yen 
    
 $ 
 30.3 
    
    
 $ 
 0.0 
    
   
 $ 
 3.0 
    
    
 $ 
 4.6 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Korean Won 
    
   
 19.5 
    
    
   
 0.0 
    
   
   
 2.0 
    
    
   
 2.9 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Swiss Francs 
    
   
 7.0 
    
    
   
 0.0 
    
   
   
 0.7 
    
    
   
 1.1 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Taiwan Dollar 
    
   
 32.9 
    
    
   
 (0.5 
 )  
   
   
 3.3 
    
    
   
 5.0 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Euro 
    
   
 0.5 
    
    
   
 0.0 
    
   
   
 0.1 
    
    
   
 0.1 
    
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 ($ 
 0.5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 9.1 
    
    
 $ 
 13.7 
    
     
 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data      The Consolidated Financial Statements required by this Item are set forth on the pages indicated in Item 15(a). The unaudited quarterly results of our operations for our two most recent fiscal years
are incorporated in this Item by reference under Item 6, “Selected Financial Data” above.      
 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure    
 None.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures      Design of Disclosure Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting    We maintain disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over final reporting that are designed to comply with Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the controls and
procedures associated with each, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and that the effectiveness of
controls cannot be absolute because the cost to design and implement a control to identify errors or mitigate the risk of errors occurring should not outweigh the potential loss caused by the errors that would likely be detected by the control.
Moreover, we believe that a control system cannot be guaranteed to be 100% effective all of the time. Accordingly, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control
system’s objectives will be met.    Disclosure Controls and Procedures  
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as of
June 29, 2014, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer each concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable
assurance level.    We intend to review and evaluate the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures on
an ongoing basis and to correct any material deficiencies that we may discover. Our goal is to ensure that our senior management has timely access to material information that could affect our business.  
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.    Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate “internal control over financial reporting”, as that term is
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Management has used the framework set forth in the 1992 report entitled “Internal Control — Integrated Framework” published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of June 29, 2014 at providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.  
 Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting, as stated in their report, which is included in Part IV, Item 15 of this 2014 Form 10-K.    Effectiveness
of Controls    While we believe the present design of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting is effective at the reasonable assurance level, future events affecting our business may cause us to modify our disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls over financial reporting.  
   
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information      None.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART III  
 We have omitted from this 2014 Form 10-K certain information required by Part III because we, as the Registrant, will file a
definitive proxy statement with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year, pursuant to Regulation 14A, as promulgated by the SEC, for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on or about November 6,
2014 (the “Proxy Statement”), and certain information included in the Proxy Statement is incorporated into this report by reference. (However, the Reports of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee in the Proxy Statement are
expressly not incorporated by reference into this report.)      
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance    
 For information regarding our executive officers, see Part I, Item 1 of this 2014 Form 10-K under the caption “Executive
Officers of the Company,” which information is incorporated into Part III by reference.    The information concerning our
directors required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Nominees for Directors.”    The information concerning our audit committee and audit committee financial experts required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Corporate Governance
- Board Committees — Audit Committee.”    The information concerning compliance by our officers, directors and 10%
shareholders with Section 16 of the Exchange Act required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.”  
 The Company has adopted a Corporate Code of Ethics that applies to all employees, officers, and directors of the Company. Our Code of
Ethics is publicly available on the investor relations page of our website at http://investor.lamresearch.com. To the extent required by law, any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Ethics will promptly be disclosed to the
public. To the extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, we intend to make any required public disclosure by posting the relevant material on our website in accordance with SEC rules.  
   
 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation      The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Executive Compensation and Other Information.”  
   
 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the headings “Proposal No. 1
— Election of Directors,” “Executive Compensation and Other Information — Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Executive Compensation and Other Information — Compensation Committee
Report,” “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.”  
   
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the headings “Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions” and “Corporate Governance”.      
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services      The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.”  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV  
   
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules        
 
 
   
 (a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K  
 1. Index to Financial Statements      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets — June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013 
    
   
 51 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations — Years Ended June 29, 2014, June 
30, 2013, and June 24, 2012 
    
   
 52 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income — Years Ended June 29, 2014, June 
30, 2013, and June 24, 2012 
    
   
 53 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows — Years Ended June 29, 2014, June 
30, 2013, and June 24, 2012 
    
   
 54 
   
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity — Years Ended June 29, 2014, 
June 30, 2013, and June 24, 2012 
    
   
 55 
   
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 56 
   
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 94 
   
 
 
 
 
   2. Index to Financial Statement Schedules 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
    
   
 98 
   
 
 
 
 
   Schedules, other than those listed above, have been omitted since they are not applicable/not required, or the information is
included elsewhere herein. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   3. See (b) of this Item 15, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
   
 (b) 
 The list of Exhibits follows page 99 of this 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by this reference.  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (in thousands, except per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,452,677 
    
   
 $ 
 1,162,473 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 1,612,967 
    
   
   
 1,334,745 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $4,962 as of June 29, 2014 and $5,448 as of June 30,
2013 
    
   
 800,616 
    
   
   
 602,624 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 740,503 
    
   
   
 559,317 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 176,899 
    
   
   
 134,670 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 4,783,662 
    
   
   
 3,793,829 
    
 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
   
 543,496 
    
   
   
 603,910 
    
 
   Restricted cash and investments 
    
   
 146,492 
    
   
   
 166,536 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,466,225 
    
   
   
 1,452,196 
    
 
   Intangible assets, net 
    
   
 894,078 
    
   
   
 1,074,345 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 159,353 
    
   
   
 159,499 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 7,993,306 
    
   
 $ 
 7,250,315 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Trade accounts payable 
    
 $ 
 223,515 
    
   
 $ 
 200,254 
    
 
   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
    
   
 604,296 
    
   
   
 464,528 
    
 
   Deferred profit 
    
   
 235,923 
    
   
   
 225,038 
    
 
   Current portion of long-term debt, convertible notes, and capital leases 
    
   
 518,267 
    
   
   
 514,655 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 1,582,001 
    
   
   
 1,404,475 
    
 
   Long-term debt, convertible notes, and capital leases 
    
   
 817,202 
    
   
   
 789,256 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 258,357 
    
   
   
 246,479 
    
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
    
   
 122,662 
    
   
   
 134,313 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 2,780,222 
    
   
   
 2,574,523 
    
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Senior convertible notes 
    
   
 183,349 
    
   
   
 186,920 
    
 
   Stockholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, at par value of $0.001 per share; authorized - 5,000 shares, none outstanding 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Common stock, at par value of $0.001 per share; authorized - 400,000 shares; issued and outstanding - 162,350 shares at
June 29, 2014 and 162,873 shares at June 30, 2013 
    
   
 162 
    
   
   
 163 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 5,239,567 
    
   
   
 5,084,544 
    
 
   Treasury stock, at cost, 92,867 shares at June 29, 2014 and 89,205 shares at June 30, 2013 
    
   
 (3,757,076 
 )  
   
   
 (3,539,830 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (28,655 
 )  
   
   
 (28,693 
 )  
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 3,575,737 
    
   
   
 2,972,688 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 5,029,735 
    
   
   
 4,488,872 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 7,993,306 
    
   
 $ 
 7,250,315 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  (in thousands, except per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
   
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
   
 $ 
 2,665,192 
    
 
   Cost of goods sold 
    
   
 2,599,828 
    
   
   
 2,195,857 
    
   
   
 1,581,123 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 2,007,481 
    
   
   
 1,403,059 
    
   
   
 1,084,069 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Research and development 
    
   
 716,471 
    
   
   
 683,688 
    
   
   
 444,559 
    
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
    
   
 613,341 
    
   
   
 601,300 
    
   
   
 401,777 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 1,329,812 
    
   
   
 1,284,988 
    
   
   
 846,336 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 677,669 
    
   
   
 118,071 
    
   
   
 237,733 
    
 
   Gain on sale of real estate 
    
   
 83,090 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other expense, net 
    
   
 (37,396 
 )  
   
   
 (51,413 
 )  
   
   
 (33,315 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 723,363 
    
   
   
 66,658 
    
   
   
 204,418 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
    
   
 91,074 
    
   
   
 (47,221 
 )  
   
   
 35,695 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 632,289 
    
   
 $ 
 113,879 
    
   
 $ 
 168,723 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic net income per share 
    
 $ 
 3.84 
    
   
 $ 
 0.67 
    
   
 $ 
 1.36 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted net income per share 
    
 $ 
 3.62 
    
   
 $ 
 0.66 
    
   
 $ 
 1.35 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 164,741 
    
   
   
 168,932 
    
   
   
 124,176 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 174,503 
    
   
   
 173,430 
    
   
   
 125,233 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 632,289 
    
   
 $ 
 113,879 
    
   
 $ 
 168,723 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 4,192 
    
   
   
 5,303 
    
   
   
 (37,332 
 )  
 
   Cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized gains (losses) during the period 
    
   
 8,004 
    
   
   
 10,607 
    
   
   
 (9,342 
 )  
 
   Net losses (gains) reclassified into earnings 
    
   
 (10,892 
 )  
   
   
 (7,573 
 )  
   
   
 8,549 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (2,888 
 )  
   
   
 3,034 
    
   
   
 (793 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Available-for-sale investments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized gains (losses) during the period 
    
   
 1,407 
    
   
   
 (3,844 
 )  
   
   
 (204 
 )  
 
   Net losses (gains) reclassified into earnings 
    
   
 165 
    
   
   
 4,137 
    
   
   
 (849 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,572 
    
   
   
 293 
    
   
   
 (1,053 
 )  
 
   Defined benefit plans, net change in unrealized component 
    
   
 (2,838 
 )  
   
   
 (3,505 
 )  
   
   
 (4,401 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
    
   
 38 
    
   
   
 5,125 
    
   
   
 (43,579 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 632,327 
    
   
 $ 
 119,004 
    
   
 $ 
 125,144 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 632,289 
    
   
 $ 
 113,879 
    
   
 $ 
 168,723 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 292,254 
    
   
   
 304,116 
    
   
   
 100,825 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 7,537 
    
   
   
 (70,155 
 )  
   
   
 42,446 
    
 
   Impairment of long-lived assets 
    
   
 11,632 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Impairment of investment 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,711 
    
   
   
 1,724 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
    
   
 103,700 
    
   
   
 99,330 
    
   
   
 81,559 
    
 
   Income tax benefit on equity-based compensation plans 
    
   
 5,973 
    
   
   
 (483 
 )  
   
   
 1,510 
    
 
   Excess tax benefit on equity-based compensation plans 
    
   
 (6,065 
 )  
   
   
 539 
    
   
   
 (2,686 
 )  
 
   Amortization of convertible note discount 
    
   
 33,063 
    
   
   
 31,558 
    
   
   
 27,028 
    
 
   Gain on sale of real estate 
    
   
 (83,090 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 12,669 
    
   
   
 37,201 
    
   
   
 11,743 
    
 
   Changes in operating asset and liability accounts: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance 
    
   
 (201,549 
 )  
   
   
 162,634 
    
   
   
 66,064 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 (190,058 
 )  
   
   
 76,351 
    
   
   
 73,987 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other assets 
    
   
 (9,504 
 )  
   
   
 2,880 
    
   
   
 43,171 
    
 
   Trade accounts payable 
    
   
 18,704 
    
   
   
 (58,081 
 )  
   
   
 12,145 
    
 
   Deferred profit 
    
   
 10,886 
    
   
   
 60,205 
    
   
   
 (9,236 
 )  
 
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
    
   
 78,608 
    
   
   
 (43,752 
 )  
   
   
 (119,975 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 717,049 
    
   
   
 719,933 
    
   
   
 499,028 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures and intangible assets 
    
   
 (145,503 
 )  
   
   
 (160,795 
 )  
   
   
 (107,272 
 )  
 
   Cash acquired in (paid for) business acquisition 
    
   
 (30,227 
 )  
   
   
 (9,916 
 )  
   
   
 418,681 
    
 
   Purchases of available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 (1,312,244 
 )  
   
   
 (1,097,956 
 )  
   
   
 (883,429 
 )  
 
   Sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 1,028,278 
    
   
   
 1,039,551 
    
   
   
 841,440 
    
 
   Purchase of equity method and other investments 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (10,740 
 )  
 
   Receipt of loan payments (loans made) 
    
   
 10,000 
    
   
   
 (10,000 
 )  
   
   
 8,375 
    
 
   Proceeds from sale of assets 
    
   
 156,397 
    
   
   
 660 
    
   
   
 2,677 
    
 
   Transfer of restricted cash and investments 
    
   
 28,085 
    
   
   
 (181 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash (used for) provided by investing activities 
    
   
 (265,214 
 )  
   
   
 (238,637 
 )  
   
   
 269,726 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Principal payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
    
   
 (1,658 
 )  
   
   
 (2,234 
 )  
   
   
 (5,265 
 )  
 
   Excess tax benefit on equity-based compensation plans 
    
   
 6,065 
    
   
   
 (539 
 )  
   
   
 2,686 
    
 
   Treasury stock purchases 
    
   
 (244,859 
 )  
   
   
 (955,661 
 )  
   
   
 (772,663 
 )  
 
   Net cash received in settlement of stock repurchase contracts 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 55,194 
    
 
   Reissuances of treasury stock related to employee stock purchase plan 
    
   
 42,926 
    
   
   
 31,265 
    
   
   
 25,525 
    
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
    
   
 34,791 
    
   
   
 39,379 
    
   
   
 1,776 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used for financing activities 
    
   
 (162,735 
 )  
   
   
 (887,790 
 )  
   
   
 (692,747 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
    
   
 1,104 
    
   
   
 4,215 
    
   
   
 (3,387 
 )  
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 290,204 
    
   
   
 (402,279 
 )  
   
   
 72,620 
    
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 1,162,473 
    
   
   
 1,564,752 
    
   
   
 1,492,132 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 1,452,677 
    
   
 $ 
 1,162,473 
    
   
 $ 
 1,564,752 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Schedule of noncash transactions 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accrued payables for stock repurchases 
    
 $ 
 3,392 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 20,853 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental disclosures: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash payments for interest 
    
 $ 
 26,489 
    
   
 $ 
 26,635 
    
   
 $ 
 8,246 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash payments for income taxes, net 
    
 $ 
 18,157 
    
   
 $ 
 7,695 
    
   
 $ 
 29,113 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
  (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Common Stock Shares 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital  
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income(Loss) 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at June June 26, 2011 
   
   
 123,579 
    
   
 $ 
 124 
    
   
 $ 
 1,531,465 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,761,591 
 )  
   
 $ 
 9,761 
    
   
 $ 
 2,690,086 
    
   
 $ 
 2,469,845 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Sale of common stock 
   
   
 1,513 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1,767 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,768 
    
 
   Purchase of treasury stock 
   
   
 (21,946 
 )  
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 158,673 
    
   
   
 (896,971 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (738,320 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefit on equity-based compensation plans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,510 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,510 
    
 
   Reissuance of treasury stock 
   
   
 821 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 3,899 
    
   
   
 21,626 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 25,526 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81,559 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 81,559 
    
 
   Shares issued as acquisition consideration 
   
   
 82,689 
    
   
   
 83 
    
   
   
 3,026,905 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,026,988 
    
 
   Acquisition of convertible debt 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 137,783 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 137,783 
    
 
   Exercise of convertible note 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (22 
 )  
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 168,723 
    
   
   
 168,723 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43,579 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (43,579 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 24, 2012 
   
   
 186,656 
    
   
   
 187 
    
   
   
 4,943,539 
    
   
   
 (2,636,936 
 )  
   
   
 (33,818 
 )  
   
   
 2,858,809 
    
   
   
 5,131,781 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Sale of common stock 
   
   
 3,301 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 39,377 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 39,380 
    
 
   Purchase of treasury stock 
   
   
 (28,157 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (934,780 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (934,808 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefit on equity-based compensation plans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (483 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (483 
 )  
 
   Reissuance of treasury stock 
   
   
 1,073 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (622 
 )  
   
   
 31,886 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31,265 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 99,310 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 99,310 
    
 
   Shares issued as acquisition consideration 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,423 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,423 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 113,879 
    
   
   
 113,879 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,125 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,125 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 30, 2013 
   
   
 162,873 
    
   
   
 163 
    
   
   
 5,084,544 
    
   
   
 (3,539,830 
 )  
   
   
 (28,693 
 )  
   
   
 2,972,688 
    
   
   
 4,488,872 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Sale of common stock 
   
   
 3,140 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 34,788 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 34,791 
    
 
   Purchase of treasury stock 
   
   
 (4,860 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (253,180 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (253,185 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefit on equity-based compensation plans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,973 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,973 
    
 
   Reissuance of treasury stock 
   
   
 1,197 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 6,991 
    
   
   
 35,934 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 42,926 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 103,700 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 103,700 
    
 
   Reclassification from temporary to permanent equity 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,571 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,571 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 632,289 
    
   
   
 632,289 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared ($.18 per common share) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (29,240 
 )  
   
   
 (29,240 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 29, 2014 
   
   
 162,350 
    
   
 $ 
 162 
    
   
 $ 
 5,239,567 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,757,076 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (28,655 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,575,737 
    
   
 $ 
 5,029,735 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 JUNE 29, 2014  
  Note 1: Company and Industry Information  
  The Company designs, manufactures, markets, refurbishes and services semiconductor processing equipment used in the
fabrication of integrated circuits. Semiconductor wafers are subjected to a complex series of process and preparation steps that result in the simultaneous creation of many individual integrated circuits. The Company leverages its expertise in the
areas of deposition, etch, and single-wafer clean to develop processing solutions that are designed to benefit its customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and reduced cost.  
 The Company sells its products and services primarily to companies involved in the production of semiconductors in North America, Europe,
Taiwan, Korea, Japan, and other countries in Asia Pacific.    The semiconductor industry is cyclical in nature and has
historically experienced periodic downturns and upturns. Today’s leading indicators of changes in customer investment patterns, such as electronics demand, memory pricing, and foundry utilization rates, may not be any more reliable than in
prior years. Demand for the Company’s equipment can vary significantly from period to period as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, economic conditions, supply, demand, and prices for semiconductors, customer capacity
requirements, and the Company’s ability to develop and market competitive products. For these and other reasons, the Company’s results of operations for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012 may not necessarily be indicative of future
operating results.  
  Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
  The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
(“GAAP”), requires management to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believed to be applicable, and evaluated them on an on-going basis to ensure they remain reasonable under current
conditions. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.    Revenue Recognition:  The Company
recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred and title has passed or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collection of the receivable is reasonably assured, and the
Company has received customer acceptance, or is otherwise released from our customer acceptance obligations. If terms of the sale provide for a lapsing customer acceptance period, the Company recognizes revenue upon the expiration of the lapsing
acceptance period or customer acceptance, whichever occurs first. If the practices of a customer do not provide for a written acceptance or the terms of sale do not include a lapsing acceptance provision, the Company recognizes revenue when it can
be reliably demonstrated that the delivered system meets all of the agreed-to customer specifications. In situations with multiple deliverables, revenue is recognized upon the delivery of the separate elements to the customer and when the Company
receives customer acceptance or is otherwise released from its customer acceptance obligations. Revenue from multiple-element arrangements is allocated among the separate elements based on their relative selling prices, provided the elements have
value on a stand-alone basis. Our sales arrangements do not include a general right of return. The maximum revenue recognized on a delivered element is limited to the amount that is not contingent upon the delivery of additional items. Revenue
related to sales of spare parts and system upgrade kits is generally recognized upon shipment. Revenue related to services is generally recognized upon completion of the services requested by a customer order. Revenue for extended maintenance
service contracts with a fixed payment amount is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. When goods or services have been delivered to the customer but all conditions for revenue recognition have not been met, the Company
defers revenue recognition until customer acceptance and records the deferred revenue and/or deferred costs of sales in deferred profit on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Inventory Valuation:  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using
standard costs which approximate actual costs on a first-in, first-out basis. The Company maintains a perpetual inventory system and continuously records the quantity on-hand and standard cost for each product, including purchased components,
subassemblies, and finished goods. The Company maintains the integrity of perpetual inventory records through periodic physical counts of quantities on hand. Finished goods are reported as inventories until the point of title transfer to the
customer. Transfer of title for shipments to Japanese customers generally occurs at time of customer acceptance.    Standard
costs are reassessed as needed but annually at a minimum, and reflect acquisition costs. Acquisition costs are generally based on the most recent vendor contract prices for purchased parts, normalized assembly and test labor utilization levels,
methods of manufacturing, and normalized overhead. Manufacturing labor and overhead costs are attributed to individual product standard costs at a level planned to absorb spending at average utilization volumes.  
 Management evaluates the need to record adjustments for impairment of inventory at least quarterly. The Company’s policy is to
assess the valuation of all inventories including manufacturing raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods, and spare parts in each reporting period. Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management’s estimated usage requirement is
written down to its estimated market value if less than cost. Estimates of market value include, but are not limited to, management’s forecasts related to the Company’s future manufacturing schedules, customer demand, technological and/or
market obsolescence, general semiconductor market conditions, possible alternative uses, and ultimate realization of excess inventory. If future customer demand or market conditions are less favorable than the Company’s projections, additional
inventory write-downs may be required and would be reflected in cost of sales in the period the revision is made.  
 Warranty:  Typically, the sale of semiconductor capital equipment includes providing parts and service warranty to customers as
part of the overall price of the system. The Company provides standard warranties for its systems. The Company records a provision for estimated warranty expenses to cost of sales for each system upon revenue recognition. The amount recorded is
based on an analysis of historical activity which uses factors such as type of system, customer, geographic region, and any known factors such as tool reliability trends. All actual or estimated parts and labor costs incurred in subsequent periods
are charged to those established reserves on a system-by-system basis.    While the Company periodically monitors the
performance and cost of warranty activities, if actual costs incurred are different than its estimates, the Company may recognize adjustments to provisions in the period in which those differences arise or are identified. In addition to the
provision of standard warranties, the Company offers customer-paid extended warranty services. Revenues for extended maintenance and warranty services with a fixed payment amount are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract.
Related costs are recorded as incurred.    Equity-based Compensation — Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”)
and Employee Stock Plans:  The Company recognizes the fair value of equity-based awards as employee compensation expense. The fair value of the Company’s RSUs, excluding market-based performance RSUs, was calculated based on the fair market
value of Company stock at the date of grant. The fair value of the Company’s market-based performance RSUs was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model at the date of the grant. The fair value of the Company’s stock options and ESPP
awards was estimated using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award. The fair value of equity-based awards
is amortized over the vesting period of the award and the Company has elected to use the straight-line method of amortization.  
 Income Taxes:  Deferred income taxes reflect the net effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that is
more-likely-than-not to be realized. Realization of the Company’s net deferred tax  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
assets is dependent on future taxable income. The Company believes it is more-likely-than-not that such assets will be realized; however, ultimate realization could be negatively impacted by
market conditions and other variables not known or anticipated at the time. In the event that the Company determines that it would not be able to realize all or part of its net deferred tax assets, an adjustment would be charged to earnings in the
period such determination is made. Likewise, if the Company later determined that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets would be realized, then the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed.  
 The Company recognizes the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit
based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The Company must make certain estimates and judgments in determining
income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits, and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the
timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as the interest and penalties relating to these uncertain tax positions. Significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to
our tax provision in a subsequent period.    In addition, the calculation of the Company’s tax liabilities involves
uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on the two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of
available evidence indicates that it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained on tax audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step requires the Company to estimate and measure the
tax benefit as the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as this requires us to determine the probability of various possible
outcomes. The Company reevaluates these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effectively settled issues under audit,
and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision in the period such determination is made.  
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets:  The valuation of intangible assets acquired in a business combination requires the use of
management estimates including but not limited to estimating future expected cash flows from assets acquired and determining discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which
are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available.  
 Goodwill represents the amount by which the purchase price of a business combination exceeds the fair value of the net tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired. Each component of the Company for which discrete financial information is available and for which segment management regularly reviews the results of operations is considered a reporting unit. All goodwill
acquired in a business combination is assigned to one or more reporting units as of the acquisition date. Goodwill is assigned to the Company’s reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. The goodwill
assigned to a reporting unit is the difference between the acquisition consideration assigned to the reporting unit on a relative fair value basis and the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities that can be specifically attributed to the
reporting unit. The Company tests goodwill and identifiable intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually. The value intangible assets with estimable useful lives is amortized over their respective estimated useful
lives, and the Company reviews for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds its fair value.  
 The Company reviews goodwill at least annually for impairment. Should certain events or indicators of impairment occur between annual
impairment tests, the Company would perform an impairment test at that date.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, the Company: (1) allocates goodwill to our reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (2) estimates the fair value of its
reporting units; and (3) determines the carrying value (book value) of those reporting units. Prior to this allocation of the assets to the reporting units, the Company is required to assess long-lived assets for impairment. Furthermore, if the
estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the Company must estimate the fair value of all identifiable assets and liabilities of that reporting unit, in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation for an acquired
business. This can require independent valuations of certain internally generated and unrecognized intangible assets such as in-process research and development and developed technology. Only after this process is completed can the amount of
goodwill impairment, if any, be determined. The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. The Company does not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity
determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. The Company did not record impairments of goodwill during the years ended June 29, 2014, June 30, 2013, or
June 24, 2012.    The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant
judgment at many points during the analysis. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units by using a weighted combination of both a market and an income approach, as this combination is deemed to be the most indicative of our fair
value in an orderly transaction between market participants.    Under the market approach, the Company utilizes information
regarding the reporting unit as well as publicly available industry information to determine various financial multiples to value our reporting units. Under the income approach, the Company determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows
of each reporting unit, discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of a reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn.  
 In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit for the purposes of the Company’s annual or periodic analyses, the Company makes
estimates and judgments about the future cash flows of its reporting units, including estimated growth rates and assumptions about the economic environment. Although the Company’s cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are consistent
with the plans and estimates it is using to manage the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment involved in determining the cash flows attributable to a reporting unit. In addition, the Company makes certain judgments about allocating
shared assets to the estimated balance sheets of our reporting units. The Company also considers its market capitalization and that of its competitors on the date it performs the analysis. Changes in judgment on these assumptions and estimates could
result in a goodwill impairment charge.    As a result, several factors could result in impairment of a material amount of the
Company’s goodwill balance in future periods, including, but not limited to: (1) weakening of the global economy, weakness in the semiconductor equipment industry, or failure of the Company to reach its internal forecasts, which could
impact the Company’s ability to achieve its forecasted levels of cash flows and reduce the estimated discounted cash flow value of its reporting units; and (2) a decline in the Company’s stock price and resulting market
capitalization, if the Company determines that the decline is sustained and indicates a reduction in the fair value of the Company’s reporting units below their carrying value. Further, the value assigned to intangible assets, other than
goodwill, is based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations such as the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. If actual product acceptance differs significantly from the estimates, the Company may be required to record
an impairment charge to write down the asset to its realizable value.    Fiscal Year:  The Company follows a 52/53-week
fiscal reporting calendar, and its fiscal year ends on the last Sunday of June each year. The Company’s most recent fiscal years ended on June 29, 2014 and June 24, 2012 and included 52 weeks. The fiscal year ended June 30,
2013 included 53 weeks. The Company’s next fiscal year, ending on June 28, 2015 will include 52 weeks.  
 Principles of Consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments:  Investments purchased with an original
maturity of three months or less are considered cash equivalents. The Company also invests in certain mutual funds, which include equity and fixed income securities, related to its obligations under its deferred compensation plan, and such
investments are classified as trading securities on the consolidated balance sheets. All of the Company’s other short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale at the respective balance sheet dates. The Company accounts for its
investment portfolio at fair value. Investments classified as trading securities are recorded at fair value based upon quoted market prices. Differences between the cost and fair value of trading securities are recognized as “Other income
(expense)” in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value based upon quoted market prices, and difference between the cost and fair value of available-for-sale securities
is presented as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities are charged against “Other income (expense)” when a decline in fair value is determined to be
other-than-temporary. The Company considers several factors to determine whether a loss is other-than-temporary. These factors include but are not limited to: (i) the extent to which the fair value is less than cost basis, (ii) the
financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, (iii) the length of time a security is in an unrealized loss position and (iv) the Company’s ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any
anticipated recovery in fair value. The Company’s ongoing consideration of these factors could result in additional impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect its results of operation. An other-than-temporary impairment is
triggered when there is an intent to sell the security, it is more-likely-than-not that the security will be required to be sold before recovery, or the security is not expected to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security.
Other-than-temporary impairments attributed to credit losses are recognized in the income statement. The specific identification method is used to determine the realized gains and losses on investments.  
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:  The Company evaluates its allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of factors. In
circumstances where specific invoices are deemed to be uncollectible, the Company provides a specific allowance for bad debt against the amount due to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount it reasonably believes will be collected. The
Company also provides allowances based on its write-off history.    Property and Equipment:  Property and equipment is
stated at cost. Equipment is depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally three to five years. Furniture and fixtures are depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the assets, generally five years. Software is amortized by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally three to five years. Buildings are depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
of the assets, generally twenty-five years. Leasehold improvements are generally amortized by the straight-line method over the shorter of the life of the related asset or the term of the underlying lease. Amortization of capital leases is included
with depreciation expense.    Impairment of Long-Lived Assets (Excluding Goodwill and Intangibles):  The Company routinely
considers whether indicators of impairment of long-lived assets are present. If such indicators are present, the Company determines whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows attributable to the assets is less than their carrying
value. If the sum is less, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over their respective fair values. Fair value is determined by discounted future cash flows, appraisals or other methods.
If the assets determined to be impaired are to be held and used, the Company recognizes an impairment charge to the extent the present value of anticipated net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than the asset’s carrying value.
The fair value of the asset then becomes the asset’s new carrying value, which the Company depreciates over the remaining estimated useful life of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair
value. The Company did not record impairments of long lived assets held for use during fiscal years 2014, 2013, or 2012.  
 Derivative Financial Instruments:  In the normal course of business, the Company’s financial position is routinely subjected
to market risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The Company’s  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
policy is to mitigate the effect of these exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated business exposures. The Company has a policy that allows the use of derivative
financial instruments to hedge foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on forecasted revenue and expenses and net monetary assets or liabilities denominated in various foreign currencies. The Company carries derivative financial instruments
(derivatives) on the balance sheet at their fair values. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. The Company does not believe that it is exposed to more than a nominal amount of credit risk in its interest rate
and foreign currency hedges, as counterparties are large, global and well-capitalized financial institutions. The Company’s exposures are in liquid currencies (Japanese yen, Swiss francs, euros, Taiwanese dollars, and Korean won), so there is
minimal risk that appropriate derivatives to maintain the Company’s hedging program would not be available in the future.  
 To hedge foreign currency risks, the Company uses foreign currency exchange forward contracts, where possible and prudent. These forward
contracts are valued using standard valuation formulas with assumptions about future foreign currency exchange rates derived from existing exchange rates, interest rates, and other market factors.  
 The Company considers its most current forecast in determining the level of foreign currency denominated revenue and expenses to hedge as
cash flow hedges. The Company combines these forecasts with historical trends to establish the portion of its expected volume to be hedged. The revenue and expenses are hedged and designated as cash flow hedges to protect the Company from exposures
to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. If the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that it will not occur, the related hedge gains and losses on the cash flow hedge are reclassified from accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss) to other income (expense), net on the consolidated statement of operations at that time.    Guarantees:  The Company has certain operating leases that contain provisions whereby the properties subject to the operating leases may be remarketed at lease expiration. The Company has guaranteed
to the lessor an amount approximating the lessor’s investment in the property. The Company has recorded a liability for certain guaranteed residual values related to these specific operating lease agreements. Also, the Company’s guarantees
generally include certain indemnifications to its lessors under operating lease agreements for environmental matters, potential overdraft protection obligations to financial institutions related to one of the Company’s subsidiaries,
indemnifications to the Company’s customers for certain infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by its products and services, and the Company’s warranty obligations under sales of its products.  
 Foreign Currency Translation:  The Company’s non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate in a local currency environment, where that
local currency is the functional currency, primarily generate and expend cash in their local currency. Billings and receipts for their labor and services are primarily denominated in the local currency, and the workforce is paid in local currency.
Accordingly, all balance sheet accounts of these local functional currency subsidiaries are translated at the fiscal period-end exchange rate, and income and expense accounts are translated using average rates in effect for the period, except for
costs related to those balance sheet items that are translated using historical exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as cumulative translation adjustments and are a component of accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss). Translation adjustments are recorded in other income (expense), net, where the U.S. dollar is the functional currency. 
  Note 3: Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  In July 2013, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2013-11 “Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit
When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.” The new standard requires that an unrecognized tax benefit should be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss
carryforward or other tax credit carryforward when settlement in this manner is available under the tax law. The Company is required to adopt this standard starting in fiscal year 2015 and is currently in the process of determining the impact, if
any, on its financial position.  
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In April 2014, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2014-8 “Presentation of
Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment: Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosure of Disposals of Components of an Entity.” The new standard re-defines discontinued operations and requires only those disposals of
components of an entity, including classifications as held for sale, that represent a strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results to be reported as discontinued operations. In addition,
the new standard expands the disclosure requirements of discontinued operations. The Company is required to adopt this standard starting in fiscal year 2015 and is currently in the process of determining the impact, if any, on its financial
position.    In May 2014, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2014-9 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of the standard is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is
expected to be received for those goods or services. The new standard defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than
required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance
obligation. We are required to adopt this standard starting in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as
defined within the standard; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per the standard. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of this standard on its financial position.  
  Note 4: Financial Instruments  
  Fair Value    The Company defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When
determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact, and it considers assumptions that
market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.    A fair value hierarchy has been established that
prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The level of an asset or liability in the hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Assets and liabilities carried at
fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:    Level 1: Valuations based on quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities with sufficient volume and frequency of transactions.    Level 2:
Valuations based on observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or model-derived valuations techniques for which all significant inputs are
observable in the market or can be corroborated by, observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.    Level 3: Valuations based on unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities and based on non-binding, broker-provided price
quotes and may not have been corroborated by observable market data.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table sets forth the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Measurement at June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable 
 Inputs (Level 3) 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-Term Investments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money Market Funds 
    
 $ 
 1,168,261 
    
    
 $ 
 1,168,261 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
    
   
 335,433 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 335,433 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   US Treasury and Agencies 
    
   
 212,587 
    
    
   
 212,587 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
    
   
 27,692 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 27,692 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Foreign Government Bonds 
    
   
 35,467 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 35,467 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Corporate Notes and Bonds 
    
   
 1,008,788 
    
    
   
 132,549 
    
    
   
 876,239 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
    
   
 26,944 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 26,944 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
    
   
 111,933 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 111,933 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Short-Term Investments 
    
 $ 
 2,927,105 
    
    
 $ 
 1,513,397 
    
    
 $ 
 1,413,708 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Mutual Funds 
    
   
 21,758 
    
    
   
 21,758 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Derivatives Assets 
    
   
 1,592 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,592 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,950,455 
    
    
 $ 
 1,535,155 
    
    
 $ 
 1,415,300 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
    
 $ 
 929 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 923 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The amounts in the table above are reported in the consolidated balance sheet as of June 29, 2014 as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 (Level 1) 
   
    
 (Level 2) 
   
    
 (Level 3) 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Reported As: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,173,551 
    
    
 $ 
 1,168,261 
    
    
 $ 
 5,290 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Short-Term Investments 
    
   
 1,612,967 
    
    
   
 204,549 
    
    
   
 1,408,418 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Restricted Cash and Investments 
    
   
 140,587 
    
    
   
 140,587 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 
    
   
 1,592 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,592 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 21,758 
    
    
   
 21,758 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,950,455 
    
    
 $ 
 1,535,155 
    
    
 $ 
 1,415,300 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 923 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 923 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Other Non-current Liabilities 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 929 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 923 
    
    
 $ 
 6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table sets forth the Company’s financial assets and liabilities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Measurement at June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Total 
   
    
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
    
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
    
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-Term Investments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Money Market Funds 
    
 $ 
 725,311 
    
    
 $ 
 725,311 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
    
   
 268,746 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 268,746 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   US Treasury and Agencies 
    
   
 155,293 
    
    
   
 155,293 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
    
   
 54,805 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 54,805 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Foreign Government Bonds 
    
   
 24,972 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 24,972 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Corporate Notes and Bonds 
    
   
 860,492 
    
    
   
 164,885 
    
    
   
 695,607 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
    
   
 27,365 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 27,365 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
    
   
 107,958 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 107,958 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Short-Term Investments 
    
 $ 
 2,224,942 
    
    
 $ 
 1,045,489 
    
    
 $ 
 1,179,453 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Equities 
    
   
 7,096 
    
    
   
 7,096 
    
    
   
 —    
    
    
   
 —    
    
 
   Mutual Funds 
    
   
 18,216 
    
    
   
 18,216 
    
    
   
 —    
    
    
   
 —    
    
 
   Derivatives Assets 
    
   
 4,929 
    
    
   
 —    
    
    
   
 4,929 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,255,183 
    
    
 $ 
 1,070,801 
    
    
 $ 
 1,184,382 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Derivative liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1,815 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,620 
    
    
 $ 
 195 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The amounts in the table above are reported in the consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2013 as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Total 
   
    
 (Level 1) 
   
    
 (Level 2) 
   
    
 (Level 3) 
   
 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Reported As: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash Equivalents 
    
 $ 
 725,311 
    
    
 $ 
 725,311 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Short-Term Investments 
    
   
 1,334,746 
    
    
   
 155,293 
    
    
   
 1,179,453 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Restricted Cash and Investments 
    
   
 164,885 
    
    
   
 164,885 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 
    
   
 4,929 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,929 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other Assets 
    
   
 25,312 
    
    
   
 25,312 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 2,255,183 
    
    
 $ 
 1,070,801 
    
    
 $ 
 1,184,382 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1,620 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,620 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Other Non-current Liabilities 
    
   
 195 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 195 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1,815 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 1,620 
    
    
 $ 
 195 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company’s primary financial instruments include its cash, cash equivalents, short-term
investments, restricted cash and investments, long-term investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable, long-term debt and capital leases, and foreign currency related derivatives. The estimated fair value of cash, accounts receivable and
accounts payable approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities. The estimated fair values of capital lease obligations approximate their carrying value as the substantial majority of these obligations have
interest rates that adjust to market rates on a periodic basis. Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the fair value of the Company’s convertible notes.  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Investments    The following tables summarize the Company’s investments (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Cost 
   
   
 Unrealized Gain 
   
   
 Unrealized (Loss) 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Cost 
   
   
 Unrealized Gain 
   
   
 Unrealized (Loss) 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Cash 
   
 $ 
 285,031 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 285,031 
    
   
 $ 
 438,813 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 438,813 
    
 
   Fixed Income Money Market Funds 
   
   
 1,168,261 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,168,261 
    
   
   
 725,311 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 725,311 
    
 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
   
   
 334,329 
    
   
   
 1,108 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 335,433 
    
   
   
 268,390 
    
   
   
 805 
    
   
   
 (449 
 )  
   
   
 268,746 
    
 
   US Treasury and Agencies 
   
   
 212,436 
    
   
   
 178 
    
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 212,587 
    
   
   
 155,648 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 (373 
 )  
   
   
 155,293 
    
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
   
   
 27,666 
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 27,692 
    
   
   
 54,835 
    
   
   
 65 
    
   
   
 (95 
 )  
   
   
 54,805 
    
 
   Foreign Government Bonds 
   
   
 35,438 
    
   
   
 57 
    
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 35,467 
    
   
   
 24,950 
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
   
 (25 
 )  
   
   
 24,972 
    
 
   Corporate Notes and Bonds 
   
   
 1,007,089 
    
   
   
 2,034 
    
   
   
 (335 
 )  
   
   
 1,008,788 
    
   
   
 861,109 
    
   
   
 1,328 
    
   
   
 (1,945 
 )  
   
   
 860,492 
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
   
   
 27,067 
    
   
   
 59 
    
   
   
 (182 
 )  
   
   
 26,944 
    
   
   
 27,618 
    
   
   
 29 
    
   
   
 (282 
 )  
   
   
 27,365 
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
   
   
 112,642 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
   
 (809 
 )  
   
   
 111,933 
    
   
   
 108,204 
    
   
   
 426 
    
   
   
 (672 
 )  
   
   
 107,958 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Cash and Short -Term Investments 
   
 $ 
 3,209,959 
    
   
 $ 
 3,577 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,212,136 
    
   
 $ 
 2,664,878 
    
   
 $ 
 2,718 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,841 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,663,755 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Publicly Traded Equity Securities 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,610 
    
   
 $ 
 1,486 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 7,096 
    
 
   Private Equity Securities 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,000 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,000 
    
 
   Mutual Funds 
   
   
 18,784 
    
   
   
 2,974 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 21,758 
    
   
   
 16,611 
    
   
   
 1,619 
    
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 18,216 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Financial Instruments 
   
 $ 
 3,228,743 
    
   
 $ 
 6,551 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,233,894 
    
   
 $ 
 2,692,099 
    
   
 $ 
 5,823 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,855 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,694,067 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   As Reported 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
 $ 
 1,452,677 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,452,677 
    
   
 $ 
 1,162,473 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 1,162,473 
    
 
   Short-Term Investments 
   
   
 1,610,790 
    
   
   
 3,577 
    
   
   
 (1,400 
 )  
   
   
 1,612,967 
    
   
   
 1,335,868 
    
   
   
 2,718 
    
   
   
 (3,841 
 )  
   
   
 1,334,745 
    
 
   Restricted Cash and Investments 
   
   
 146,492 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 146,492 
    
   
   
 166,536 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 166,536 
    
 
   Other Assets 
   
   
 18,784 
    
   
   
 2,974 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 21,758 
    
   
   
 27,222 
    
   
   
 3,105 
    
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 30,313 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 3,228,743 
    
   
 $ 
 6,551 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,233,894 
    
   
 $ 
 2,692,099 
    
   
 $ 
 5,823 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,855 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,694,067 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company accounts for its investment portfolio at fair value. Realized gains (losses) for
investment sales are specifically identified. Management assesses the fair value of investments in debt securities that are not actively traded through consideration of interest rates and their impact on the present value of the cash flows to be
received from the investments. The Company also considers whether changes in the credit ratings of the issuer could impact the assessment of fair value. Net realized gains (losses) on investments included other-than-temporary impairment charges of
$3.7 million, and $1.7 million in fiscal years 2013, and 2012, respectively. There were no other-than-temporary impairment charges in fiscal year 2014. Additionally, gross realized gains/(losses) from sales of investments were approximately $1.5
million and $(2.0) million in fiscal year 2014, $1.6 million and $(1.5) million in fiscal year 2013, and $1.4 million and $(1.0) million in fiscal year 2012, respectively.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following is an analysis of the Company’s fixed income securities in unrealized
loss positions (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Unrealized Losses Less Than 12 Months 
   
   
 Unrealized Losses 12 Months or Greater 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Loss 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Loss 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Loss 
   


 
   Fixed Income Securities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
    
 $ 
 5,464 
    
    
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,464 
    
    
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
 
   US Treasury and Agencies 
    
   
 57,932 
    
    
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 57,932 
    
    
   
 (27 
 )  
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
    
   
 10,235 
    
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 10,235 
    
    
   
 (15 
 )  
 
   Foregin Government Bonds 
    
   
 14,999 
    
    
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 14,999 
    
    
   
 (28 
 )  
 
   Corporate Notes and Bonds 
    
   
 180,834 
    
    
   
 (293 
 )  
   
   
 6,973 
    
    
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 187,807 
    
    
   
 (335 
 )  
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
    
   
 7,993 
    
    
   
 (87 
 )  
   
   
 7,656 
    
    
   
 (95 
 )  
   
   
 15,649 
    
    
   
 (182 
 )  
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
    
   
 71,848 
    
    
   
 (533 
 )  
   
   
 25,316 
    
    
   
 (276 
 )  
   
   
 97,164 
    
    
   
 (809 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Fixed Income 
    
 $ 
 349,305 
    
    
 $ 
 (987 
 )  
   
 $ 
 39,945 
    
    
 $ 
 (413 
 )  
   
 $ 
 389,250 
    
    
 $ 
 (1,400 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The amortized cost and fair value of cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and
investments with contractual maturities are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Due in one year or less 
    
 $ 
 1,464,736 
    
    
 $ 
 1,465,185 
    
 
   Due after one year through five years 
    
   
 1,146,839 
    
    
   
 1,149,380 
    
 
   Due in more than five years 
    
   
 313,353 
    
    
   
 312,540 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,924,928 
    
    
 $ 
 2,927,105 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Management has the ability, if necessary, to liquidate any of its cash equivalents and short-term
investments in order to meet the Company’s liquidity needs in the next 12 months. Accordingly, those investments with contractual maturities greater than one year from the date of purchase nonetheless are classified as short-term on the
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Derivative Instruments and Hedging  
 The Company carries derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”) on its Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair
values. The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts with financial institutions with the primary objective of reducing volatility of earnings and cash flows related to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The counterparties to
these foreign currency forward contracts are large global financial institutions that the Company believes are creditworthy, and therefore, we do not consider the risk of counterparty nonperformance to be material.  
 Cash Flow Hedges    The Company’s financial position is routinely subjected to market risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on non-US dollar transactions or cash flows, primarily from Japanese
yen-denominated revenues and euro-denominated expenses. The Company’s policy is to mitigate the foreign exchange risk arising from the fluctuations in the value of these non-U.S. dollar denominated transactions or cash
 
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
flows through a foreign currency cash flow hedging program, using foreign currency forward contracts that generally expire within 12 months and no later than 24 months. These foreign
currency forward contracts are designated as cash flow hedges and are carried on the Company’s balance sheet at fair value with the effective portion of the contracts’ gains or losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) and subsequently recognized in revenue/expense in the same period the hedged items are recognized.    At inception
and at each quarter end, hedges are tested prospectively and retrospectively for effectiveness using regression analysis. Changes in the fair value of foreign currency forward contracts due to changes in time value are excluded from the assessment
of effectiveness and are recognized in revenue in the current period. The change in time value related to these contracts was not material for all reported periods. To qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship must meet criteria relating
both to the derivative instrument and the hedged item. These criteria include identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the hedging instrument’s effectiveness in offsetting the
exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash flows will be measured. There were no gains or losses during the twelve months ended June 29, 2014 or June 30, 2013 associated with ineffectiveness or forecasted transactions
that failed to occur.    To receive hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the
inception of the hedge and the hedges must be tested to demonstrate an expectation of providing highly effective offsetting changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. When derivative instruments are designated and qualify as effective cash
flow hedges, the Company recognizes effective changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged exposure is realized. Consequently, with the exception of excluded time
value and hedge ineffectiveness recognized, the Company’s results of operations are not subject to fluctuation as a result of changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments. If hedges are not highly effective or if the Company does not
believe that the underlying hedged forecasted transactions will occur, the Company may not be able to account for its derivative instruments as cash flow hedges. If this were to occur, future changes in the fair values of the Company’s
derivative instruments would be recognized in earnings. Additionally, related amounts previously recorded in “Other Comprehensive Income” would be reclassified to income immediately. At June 29, 2014, the Company had losses of $0.1
million in accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (“AOCI”), which it expects to reclassify from Other Comprehensive Income into earnings over the next 12 months.    Balance Sheet Hedges    The Company also enters into foreign currency forward
contracts to hedge fluctuations associated with foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts payables and intercompany receivables and payables. These foreign currency forward
contracts are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore, the change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded as a component of other income (expense) and offsets the change in fair value of the foreign currency denominated
assets and liabilities, which are also recorded in other income (expense).  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of June 29, 2014, the Company had the following outstanding foreign currency forward
contracts that were entered into under its cash flow and balance sheet hedge program:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Derivatives Designated as Hedging
Instruments: 
   
    
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Buy Contracts 
   
    
 Sell Contracts 
   
    
 Buy Contracts 
   
    
 Sell Contracts 
   
 
   Japanese Yen 
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 98,501 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 30,342 
    
 
   Swiss Franc 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 7,023 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Euro 
    
   
 93,872 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 543 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Korean Won 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 19,537 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Taiwan Dollar 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 99,601 
    
    
   
 66,746 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 93,872 
    
    
 $ 
 98,501 
    
    
 $ 
 126,704 
    
    
 $ 
 97,088 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The fair value of derivatives instruments in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of
June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
   
   
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments 
   
 
   
   
 Asset Derivatives 
   
   
 Liability Derivatives 
   
   
 Asset Derivatives 
   
   
 Liability Derivatives 
   
 
   
   
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Balance Sheet Location 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange forward contracts 
   
     
 Prepaid expense and other assets 
       
   
 $ 
 483 
    
   
   
 Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 $ 
 805 
    
   
     
 Prepaid expense and other assets 
       
   
 $ 
 4,858 
    
   
   
 Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 $ 
 1,577 
    
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange forward contracts 
   
     
 Prepaid expense and other assets 
       
   
   
 1,109 
    
   
   
 Accrued liabilities 
    
   
   
 118 
    
   
     
 Prepaid expense and other assets 
       
   
   
 71 
    
   
   
 Accrued liabilities 
    
   
   
 43 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Total derivatives 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,592 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 923 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 4,929 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,620 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   Under the master agreements with the respective counterparties to our foreign exchange contracts, subject
to applicable requirements, we are allowed to net settle transactions of the same currency with a single net amount payable by one party to the other. However, we have elected to present the derivative assets and derivative liabilities on a
gross basis in our balance sheet. As of June 29, 2014, the potential effect of rights of set-off associated with the above foreign exchange contracts would be an offset to both assets and liabilities by $0.5 million, resulting in a net
derivative asset of $1.1 million. As of June 30, 2013, the potential effect of rights of set-off associated with the above foreign exchange contracts would be an offset to both assets and liabilities by $1.6 million, resulting in a net
derivative asset of $3.3 million. We are not required to pledge, nor are we entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative transactions  
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The effect of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, before tax, on the
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Twelve Months Ended June 29, 2014 
   
   
 Twelve Months Ended June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 Effective Portion 
   
    
 Ineffective Portion
and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing 
   
   
 Effective Portion 
   
   
 Ineffective Portion
and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing 
   
 
   Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in or   Reclassified into Income 
    
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI 
   
    
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from
AOCI into Income 
   
    
 Gain (Loss) Recognized  in Income 
   
   
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI 
   
    
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from
AOCI into Income 
   
   
 Gain (Loss) Recognized  in Income 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 7,939 
    
    
 $ 
 9,027 
    
    
 $ 
 277 
    
   
 $ 
 8,322 
    
    
 $ 
 10,036 
    
   
 $ 
 376 
    
 
   Cost of goods sold 
    
   
 812 
    
    
   
 2,393 
    
    
   
 (52 
 )  
   
   
 2,443 
    
    
   
 (1,229 
 )  
   
   
 (271 
 )  
 
   Selling, general, and administrative 
    
   
 318 
    
    
   
 1,087 
    
    
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 1,154 
    
    
   
 (416 
 )  
   
   
 (130 
 )  
 
   Other income (expense) 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (8 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 9,069 
    
    
 $ 
 12,507 
    
    
 $ 
 202 
    
   
 $ 
 11,919 
    
    
 $ 
 8,391 
    
   
 $ 
 (33 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The effect of derivative instruments not designated as cash flow hedges on the Company’s
Consolidated Statement of Operations was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Twelve Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: 
    
 Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income 
    
 Gain Recognized in Income 
   
    
 Loss Recognized in Income 
   
 
   
    
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Foreign Exchange Contracts 
    
 Other income (expense) 
    
 $ 
 8,205 
    
    
 ($ 
 1,585 
 )  
   Concentrations of Credit Risk    Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, short term investments, restricted cash and investments, trade
accounts receivable, and derivative financial instruments used in hedging activities. Cash is placed on deposit in large global financial institutions. Such deposits may be in excess of insured limits. Management believes that the financial
institutions that hold the Company’s cash are creditworthy and, accordingly, minimal credit risk exists with respect to these balances.    The Company’s over-all portfolio of available-for-sale securities must maintain an average minimum rating of “AA-” or “Aa3” as rated by Standard and Poor’s or Moody’s
Investor Services, respectively. To ensure diversification and minimize concentration, the Company’s policy limits the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution or commercial issuer.  
 The Company is exposed to credit losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties on the foreign currency forward contracts that
are used to mitigate the effect of exchange rate fluctuations and on contracts related to structured share repurchase agreements. These counterparties are large global financial institutions and, to date, no such counterparty has failed to meet its
financial obligations to the Company.    Credit risk evaluations, including trade references, bank references and Dun &
Bradstreet ratings, are performed on all new customers and the Company monitors its customers’ financial statements and payment performance. In general, the Company does not require collateral on sales.  
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of June 29, 2014, four customers accounted for approximately 15%, 13%, 12% and 12%
of accounts receivable. As of June 30, 2013, two customers accounted for approximately 22% and 14% of accounts receivable.  
  Note 5: Inventories  
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. Shipments to Japanese customers, to
whom title does not transfer until customer acceptance, are classified as inventory and carried at cost until title transfers. Inventories consist of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Raw materials 
    
 $ 
 449,623 
    
    
 $ 
 312,484 
    
 
   Work-in-process 
    
   
 126,564 
    
    
   
 101,530 
    
 
   Finished goods 
    
   
 164,316 
    
    
   
 145,303 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 740,503 
    
    
 $ 
 559,317 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  Note 6: Property and Equipment  
  Property and equipment, net, consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Manufacturing, engineering and office equipment 
    
 $ 
 612,688 
    
   
 $ 
 521,047 
    
 
   Computer equipment and software 
    
   
 131,184 
    
   
   
 120,144 
    
 
   Land 
    
   
 52,784 
    
   
   
 65,360 
    
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 199,544 
    
   
   
 249,126 
    
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   
 80,569 
    
   
   
 76,225 
    
 
   Furniture and fixtures 
    
   
 20,026 
    
   
   
 21,110 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,096,795 
    
   
   
 1,053,012 
    
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (553,299 
 )  
   
   
 (449,102 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 543,496 
    
   
 $ 
 603,910 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Depreciation expense, including amortization of capital leases, during fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012,
was $129.1 million, $126.5 million, and $74.0 million, respectively.    During the fiscal year 2014, the Company sold its
interest in property and equipment with a net book value of $82.6 million. These assets consist primarily of buildings and land, resulting in the decrease to those asset categories above. The Company realized a $7.1 million impairment on the sale of
an interest in building and associated land and an $83.1 million gain on sale of a separate interest in buildings and land in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in fiscal year 2014. No significant impairment or gain on sale were realized in
fiscal years 2013 or 2012.  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Note 7: Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities  
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Accrued compensation 
    
 $ 
 311,054 
    
    
 $ 
 254,795 
    
 
   Warranty reserves 
    
   
 68,324 
    
    
   
 52,252 
    
 
   Income and other taxes payable 
    
   
 93,934 
    
    
   
 39,420 
    
 
   Dividends payable 
    
   
 29,240 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 101,744 
    
    
   
 118,061 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 604,296 
    
    
 $ 
 464,528 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  Note 8: Other Income (Expense), Net  
  The significant components of other income (expense), net, were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 12,540 
    
   
 $ 
 14,737 
    
   
 $ 
 12,141 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (61,692 
 )  
   
   
 (60,408 
 )  
   
   
 (38,962 
 )  
 
   Gains (losses) on deferred compensation plan related assets, net 
    
   
 9,559 
    
   
   
 9,764 
    
   
   
 (914 
 )  
 
   Foreign exchange gains (losses), net 
    
   
 1,529 
    
   
   
 (6,808 
 )  
   
   
 (397 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 668 
    
   
   
 (8,698 
 )  
   
   
 (5,183 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (37,396 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (51,413 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (33,315 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  Note 9: Net Income Per Share  
  Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the treasury stock method, for dilutive stock options, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), and convertible notes. The following table reconciles the numerators and
denominators of the basic and diluted computations for net income per share.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   Numerator: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 632,289 
    
    
 $ 
 113,879 
    
    
 $ 
 168,723 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Denominator: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic average shares outstanding 
    
   
 164,741 
    
    
   
 168,932 
    
    
   
 124,176 
    
 
   Effect of potential dilutive securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Employee stock plans 
    
   
 2,864 
    
    
   
 2,558 
    
    
   
 910 
    
 
   Convertible notes 
    
   
 6,898 
    
    
   
 1,940 
    
    
   
 147 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted average shares outstanding 
    
   
 174,503 
    
    
   
 173,430 
    
    
   
 125,233 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share - basic 
    
 $ 
 3.84 
    
    
 $ 
 0.67 
    
    
 $ 
 1.36 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share - diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.62 
    
    
 $ 
 0.66 
    
    
 $ 
 1.35 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  For purposes of computing diluted net income per share, weighted-average common shares do
not include potentially dilutive securities that are anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. The following potentially dilutive securities were excluded:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Number of options and RSUs excluded 
    
   
 78 
    
    
   
 534 
    
    
   
 382 
    
   Diluted shares outstanding include only the effect of the 2041 Notes. Diluted shares outstanding do not
include any effect resulting from warrants, assumed conversion of the notes, or note hedges associated with the Company’s 2016 or 2018 Notes (as described in Note 13) as their impact would have been anti-dilutive.  
  Note 10: Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax at the end of the period, as well as the activity
during the period, were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Accumulated foreign currency translation adjustment 
   
   
 Accumulated unrealized holding gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 
   
   
 Accumulated unrealized holding gain (loss)
on available-for-sale investments 
   
   
 Accumulated unrealized components of defined benefit plans 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Balance as of June 30, 2013 
   
 $ 
 (17,178 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,822 
    
   
 $ 
 (15 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (14,322 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (28,693 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before relcassifications 
   
   
 4,976 
    
   
   
 8,004 
    
   
   
 1,407 
    
   
   
 (2,838 
 )  
   
   
 11,549 
    
 
   Losses (gains) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to net income 
   
   
 (784 
 )  
   
   
 (10,892 
 )  (1)   
   
   
 165 
  (2)   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (11,511 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 4,192 
    
   
 $ 
 (2,888 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,572 
    
   
 $ 
 (2,838 
 )  
   
 $ 
 38 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of June 29, 2014 
   
 $ 
 (12,986 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (66 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,557 
    
   
 $ 
 (17,160 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (28,655 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amount of after tax gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into net income located in revenue: $8,009; cost of goods sold: $2,057; and selling,
general and administrative expenses: $826.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into net income located in other expense, net  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Tax related to the components of other comprehensive income during the period were as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Tax benefit (expense) on change in unrealized gains/losses on cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax expense on unrealized gains/losses arising during the period 
    
 $ 
 (1,065 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,312 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Tax expense on gains/losses reclassified to earnings 
    
   
 1,615 
    
   
   
 818 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 550 
    
   
   
 (494 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on change in unrealized gains/losses on available-for-sale investments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized gains/losses arising during the period 
    
   
 (735 
 )  
   
   
 1,428 
    
   
   
 233 
    
 
   Tax (benefit) expense on gains/losses reclassified to earnings 
    
   
 493 
    
   
   
 (2,026 
 )  
   
   
 474 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (242 
 )  
   
   
 (598 
 )  
   
   
 707 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tax benefit on change in unrealized components of defined benefit plans 
    
   
 1,895 
    
   
   
 586 
    
   
   
 944 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on other comprehensive income(loss) 
    
 $ 
 2,203 
    
   
 $ 
 (506 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,651 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Note 11: Equity-Based Compensation Plans  
  The Company has adopted stock plans that provide for the grant to employees of equity-based awards, including stock
options and RSUs, of Lam Research Common Stock. In addition, these plans permit the grant of nonstatutory equity-based awards to consultants and outside directors. An option is a right to purchase the Company’s stock at a set price. An RSU
award is an agreement to issue shares of the Company’s stock at the time of vesting. Pursuant to the plans, the equity-based award exercise price is determined by the Board of Directors or its designee, the plan administrator, but in no event
will the exercise price for any option be less than the fair market value of the Company’s Common Stock on the date of grant. Equity-based awards granted under the plans vest over a period determined by the Board of Directors or the plan
administrator, typically over a period of three years or less. The Company also has an ESPP that allows employees to purchase shares of its Common Stock through payroll deduction at a discounted price. A summary of stock plan transactions is as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Restricted Stock Units Outstanding 
   
 
   
    
 Number of Shares 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
 
   
    
 Number of Shares 
   
   
 Weighted- Average Fair Market Value at Grant 
   


 
   June 26, 2011 
    
   
 309,933 
    
   
 $ 
 21.50 
    
    
   
 2,331,340 
    
   
 $ 
 39.90 
    
 
   Awards assumed in Novellus acquisition 
    
   
 3,932,143 
    
   
 $ 
 25.17 
    
    
   
 1,291,808 
    
   
 $ 
 35.99 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
   
 2,336,283 
    
   
 $ 
 41.23 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (74,615 
 )  
   
 $ 
 23.70 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Canceled 
    
   
 (265,384 
 )  
   
 $ 
 21.71 
    
    
   
 (120,070 
 )  
   
 $ 
 40.91 
    
 
   Vested restricted stock 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (1,507,883 
 )  
   
 $ 
 35.47 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   June 24, 2012 
    
   
 3,902,077 
    
   
 $ 
 25.14 
    
    
   
 4,331,478 
    
   
 $ 
 41.01 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 288,867 
    
   
 $ 
 42.59 
    
    
   
 2,563,670 
    
   
 $ 
 38.76 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,546,028 
 )  
   
 $ 
 25.47 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Canceled 
    
   
 (73,993 
 )  
   
 $ 
 26.24 
    
    
   
 (299,079 
 )  
   
 $ 
 39.70 
    
 
   Vested restricted stock 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (1,754,273 
 )  
   
 $ 
 42.52 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   June 30, 2013 
    
   
 2,570,923 
    
   
 $ 
 26.87 
    
    
   
 4,841,796 
    
   
 $ 
 39.32 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 166,455 
    
   
 $ 
 51.76 
    
    
   
 2,811,602 
    
   
 $ 
 53.21 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,403,019 
 )  
   
 $ 
 24.75 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Canceled 
    
   
 (2,473 
 )  
   
 $ 
 30.21 
    
    
   
 (281,476 
 )  
   
 $ 
 41.16 
    
 
   Vested restricted stock 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (1,736,453 
 )  
   
 $ 
 40.39 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   June 29, 2014 
    
   
 1,331,886 
    
   
 $ 
 32.20 
    
    
   
 5,635,469 
    
   
 $ 
 45.83 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   Outstanding and exercisable options presented by price range at June 29, 2014 were as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Options Exercisable 
   
 
   Range of Exercise Prices 
    
 Number of Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Remaining Life (Years) 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Number of Options Exercisable 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   


 
   $9.44-$19.05 
    
   
 152,182 
    
    
   
 4.41 
    
    
 $ 
 13.09 
    
    
   
 152,182 
    
    
 $ 
 13.09 
    
 
   $21.04-$25.60 
    
   
 201,958 
    
    
   
 2.86 
    
    
 $ 
 22.46 
    
    
   
 192,569 
    
    
 $ 
 22.42 
    
 
   $26.87-29.68 
    
   
 476,518 
    
    
   
 4.21 
    
    
 $ 
 29.26 
    
    
   
 377,573 
    
    
 $ 
 29.28 
    
 
   $31.45-$35.68 
    
   
 45,906 
    
    
   
 6.77 
    
    
 $ 
 32.63 
    
    
   
 19,446 
    
    
 $ 
 33.09 
    
 
   $42.41-$51.76 
    
   
 455,322 
    
    
   
 6.00 
    
    
 $ 
 45.94 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   $9.44-$51.76 
    
   
 1,331,886 
    
    
   
 4.73 
    
    
 $ 
 32.20 
    
    
   
 741,770 
    
    
 $ 
 24.28 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended, and 2011 Stock Incentive
Plan, as amended, (collectively the “Stock Plans”) provide for the grant of non-qualified equity-based awards to eligible employees, consultants and advisors, and non-employee directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. As of
June 29, 2014 there were a total of 6,967,355 shares subject to options and RSUs issued and outstanding under the Company’s Stock Plans. As of June 29, 2014, there were a total of 9,189,362 shares available for future issuance under
the Stock Plans.    The ESPP allows employees to designate a portion of their base compensation to be deducted and used to
purchase the Company’s Common Stock at a purchase price per share of the lower of 85% of the fair market value of the Company’s Common Stock on the first or last day of the applicable purchase period. Typically, each offering period lasts
12 months and comprises three interim purchase dates. The Plan Administrator (the Compensation Committee of the Board) is authorized to set a limit on the number of shares a plan participant can purchase on any single plan exercise date. During
fiscal years 2014 and 2013, there was no increase to the number of shares of Lam Research Common Stock reserved for issuance under the 1999 ESPP. During fiscal year 2012 the number of shares of Lam Research Common Stock reserved for issuance under
the 1999 ESPP increased by 1.8 million.    During fiscal year 2014, a total of 1,196,629 shares of the Company’s Common
Stock were sold to employees under the 1999 ESPP. At June 29, 2014, 8,377,578 shares were available for purchase under the 1999 ESPP.    The estimated fair value of the Company’s stock-based awards, less expected forfeitures, is amortized over the awards’ vesting period on a straight-line basis. The Company recognized the
following equity-based compensation expenses and benefits during the fiscal years noted:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in millions) 
   


 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
    
 $ 
 103.7 
    
    
 $ 
 99.3 
    
    
 $ 
 81.6 
    
 
   Income tax benefit recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations related to equity-based compensation 
    
 $ 
 16.9 
    
    
 $ 
 17.6 
    
    
 $ 
 12.2 
    
 
   Tax benefit realized from the exercise and vesting of options and RSUs 
    
 $ 
 32.0 
    
    
 $ 
 21.6 
    
    
 $ 
 11.8 
    
   Stock Options    The fair value of the Company’s stock options granted during fiscal years 2014, 2013 and fiscal year 2012, in connection with the acquisition of Novellus, was estimated using a Black-Scholes option
valuation model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   


 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 35.28 
 %  
   
   
 36.60 
 %  
   
   
 38.04 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.39 
 %  
   
   
 0.81 
 %  
   
   
 0.55 
 %  
 
   Expected term (years) 
    
   
 4.78 
    
   
   
 4.79 
    
   
   
 3.89 
    
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
 
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The year-end intrinsic value relating to stock options for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012
is presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 
   
    
 June 30, 
   
    
 June 24, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (millions) 
   


 
   Intrinsic value - options outstanding 
    
 $ 
 46.3 
    
    
 $ 
 44.9 
    
    
 $ 
 49.9 
    
 
   Intrinsic value - options exercisable 
    
 $ 
 31.7 
    
    
 $ 
 36.9 
    
    
 $ 
 30.1 
    
 
   Intrinsic value - options exercised 
    
 $ 
 41.4 
    
    
 $ 
 25.4 
    
    
 $ 
 1.3 
    
   As of June 29, 2014, there was $4.7 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
unvested stock options granted and outstanding; that cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining vesting period of 1.5 years.    Restricted Stock Units    The fair value of the Company’s RSUs was
calculated based upon the fair market value of the Company’s stock at the date of grant. As of June 29, 2014, there was $179.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs granted; that cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted average remaining vesting period of 2.0 years.    During the fiscal year 2014, the Company issued
RSUs with both a market condition and a service condition (market-based performance RSUs, or “market-based PRSUs”). Based upon the terms of such awards, the number of shares that can be earned over the performance periods is based on our
Common Stock price performance compared to the market price performance of the Philadelphia Semiconductor Sector Index (“SOX”), ranging from 0% to 150% of target. The stock price performance or market price performance is measured
using the closing price for the 50-trading days prior to the dates the performance period begins and ends. The target number of shares represented by the market-based PRSUs is increased by 2% of target for each 1% that Common Stock price
performance exceeds the market price performance of the SOX index. The result of the vesting formula is rounded down to the nearest whole number. Total stockholder return is a measure of stock price appreciation in this performance period. As of
June 29, 2014 0.6 million market-based PRSUs were outstanding. These market-based PRSUs generally vest two or three years from the grant date and require continued employment. Stock compensation expense for the market-based PRSUs was $3.8
million for the year ended June 29, 2014. No market-based PRSUs were awarded in earlier periods. The total unrecognized compensation expense and weighted-average remaining life for these awards is included in the preceding disclosure.
   ESPP    ESPP
rights were valued using the Black-Scholes model. During fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012 ESPP was valued assuming the following weighted-average assumptions:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   


 
   Expected life (years) 
    
   
 0.68 
    
   
   
 0.64 
    
   
   
 0.72 
    
 
   Expected stock price volatility 
    
   
 30.24 
 %  
   
   
 32.42 
 %  
   
   
 44.22 
 %  
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.07 
 %  
   
   
 0.15 
 %  
   
   
 0.11 
 %  
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   As of June 29, 2014, there was $2.4 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
the ESPP that is expected to be recognized over a remaining vesting period of 2 months.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Note 12: Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plans  
  Employee Savings and Retirement Plan    The Company maintains a 401(k) retirement savings plan for its full-time employees in the United States. Each participant in the plan may elect to contribute from 1% to 75% of annual eligible earnings to
the plan, subject to statutory limitations. The Company makes matching employee contributions in cash to the plan at the rate of 50% of the first 6% of earnings contributed. Employees participating in the 401(k) retirement savings plan are fully
vested in the Company matching contributions, and investments are directed by participants. The Company made matching contributions of $10.2 million, $8.7 million, and $5.8 million, in fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  
 Deferred Compensation Arrangements    The Company has an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan whereby certain executives may defer a portion of their compensation. Participants earn a return on their deferred compensation based
on their allocation of their account balance among measurement funds. The Company controls the investment of these funds and the participants remain general creditors of the Company. Participants are able to elect the payment of benefits on a
specified date at least three years after the opening of a deferral subaccount or upon retirement. Distributions are made in the form of lump sum or annual installments over a period of up to 20 years as elected by the participant. If no alternate
election has been made, a lump sum payment will be made upon termination of a participant’s employment with the Company. As of June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013 the liability of the Company to the plan participants was $93.8 million and
$79.7 million, respectively, which was recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013 the Company had investments in the aggregate amount of $116.7
million and $98.1 million, respectively, that correlate to the deferred compensation obligations, which were recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.    Postretirement Healthcare Plan    The Company maintains a postretirement
healthcare plan for certain executive and director retirees. Coverage continues through the duration of the lifetime of the retiree or the retiree’s spouse, whichever is longer. The benefit obligation was $29.0 million and $21.4 million as of
June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013, respectively.  
  Note 13: Long Term Debt and Other Borrowings  
  The following table reflects the carrying value of the Company’s convertible notes and other long-term debt as of
June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in millions) 
   


 
   0.50% Notes due 2016 
    
 $ 
 450.0 
    
   
 $ 
 450.0 
    
 
   Less: Unamortized interest discount 
    
   
 (30.4 
 )  
   
   
 (45.7 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net carrying amount of 0.50% Notes due 2016 
    
   
 419.6 
    
   
   
 404.3 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   1.25% Notes due 2018 
    
   
 450.0 
    
   
   
 450.0 
    
 
   Less: Unamortized interest discount 
    
   
 (62.7 
 )  
   
   
 (76.9 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net carrying amount of 1.25% Notes due 2018 
    
   
 387.3 
    
   
   
 373.1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   2.625% Notes due 2041 
    
   
 699.9 
    
   
   
 699.9 
    
 
   Less: Unamortized interest discount 
    
   
 (183.3 
 )  
   
   
 (186.9 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net carrying amount of 2.625% Notes due 2041 
    
   
 516.6 
    
   
   
 513.0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total debt 
    
   
 1,323.5 
    
   
   
 1,290.4 
    
 
   Less: current portion of debt 
    
   
 (516.6 
 )  
   
   
 (513.0 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 806.9 
    
   
 $ 
 777.4 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Convertible Senior Notes  
 In May 2011, the Company issued and sold $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2016
(the “2016 Notes”) at par. At the same time, the Company issued and sold $450.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2018 (the “2018 Notes”) at par. The 2016 Notes and the
2018 Notes may be converted, under certain circumstances, based on a conversion rate of 15.9128 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes (which represents a conversion price of approximately $62.84 per share of Common Stock). The
applicable conversion rate is adjusted in certain circumstances, including the declaration and payment of cash dividends. The net proceeds to the Company from the sale of the 2016 Notes and the 2018 Notes were $835.5 million. The Company pays
cash interest at an annual rate of 0.5% and 1.25%, respectively, on the 2016 Notes and the 2018 Notes, payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year.    In June 2012, with the acquisition of Novellus Systems, Inc., the Company assumed $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.625% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2041 (the “2041
Notes,” and collectively with the 2016 Notes and the 2018 Notes, the “Notes”). The 2041 Notes may be converted, under certain circumstances, based on a conversion rate of 28.5572 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of
notes (which represents a conversion price of approximately $35.02 per share of Common Stock). The applicable conversion rate is adjusted in certain circumstances, including the declaration and payment of cash dividends. The Company pays cash
interest at an annual rate of 2.625%, payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year. The 2041 Notes also have a contingent interest payment provision that may require us to pay additional interest based on certain
thresholds, beginning with the semi-annual interest payment commencing on May 15, 2021, and upon the occurrence of certain events, as outlined in the indenture governing the 2041 Notes. The maximum amount of the contingent interest will accrue
at a rate of 2.1% per annum, excluding any potential impact from dividends deemed payable to holders of the 2041 Notes. The contingent interest payment provision has been identified as an embedded derivative, to be accounted for separately, and
is recorded at fair value at the end of each reporting period in other non-current liabilities, with any gains and losses recorded in interest expense, within the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 The Company separately accounts for the liability and equity components of the Notes. The initial debt components of the 2016 Notes,
the 2018 Notes, and the 2041 Notes were valued at $373.8 million, $345.1 million, and $509.5 million, respectively, based on the present value of the future cash flows using discount rates of 4.29%, 5.27%, and 4.28%, respectively, the
Company’s borrowing rate at the date of the issuance or assumption for similar debt instruments without the conversion feature. The carrying values of the equity components of the 2016 Notes, the 2018 Notes, and the 2041 Notes were
$76.2 million, $104.9 million, and $328.1 million, respectively as of June 29, 2014. The effective interest rates on the liability components of the 2016 Notes, the 2018 Notes, and the 2041 Notes for the year ended June 29, 2014
were 4.29%, 5.27%, and 4.28% respectively. The following table presents the amount of interest cost recognized relating to both the contractual interest coupon and amortization of the discount on the liability component of the Notes during the years
ended June 29, 2014, June 30, 2013, and June 24, 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in millions) 
   


 
   Contractual interest coupon 
    
 $ 
 26.2 
    
    
 $ 
 26.2 
    
    
 $ 
 9.2 
    
 
   Amortization of interest discount 
    
   
 33.1 
    
    
   
 31.6 
    
    
   
 27.0 
    
 
   Amortization of issuance costs 
    
   
 2.4 
    
    
   
 2.4 
    
    
   
 2.4 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total interest cost recognized 
    
 $ 
 61.7 
    
    
 $ 
 60.2 
    
    
 $ 
 38.6 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The remaining bond discount of the 2016 Notes, the 2018 Notes, and the 2041 Notes of $30.4 million,
$62.7 million, and $183.3 million, respectively, as of June 29, 2014 will be amortized over their respective remaining lives of approximately 1.9 years, 3.9 years, and 26.9 years. As of June 29, 2014, the if-converted value of the
2016, 2018 and 2041 Notes exceeded the aggregate principal amount by $29 million, $29 million and $638 million, respectively.  
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2016 Notes    The 2016 Notes may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 15, 2016, at the option of the holder, only under the following
circumstances: 1) during the five business-day period after any ten consecutive trading-day period (the “measurement period”) in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of 2016 Notes for each day of such measurement period
was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company’s Common Stock and the applicable conversion rate on each such trading day; 2) during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending
September 25, 2011, if the last reported sale price of the Company’s Common Stock for 20 or more trading days in a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding
fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price in effect on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter; or 3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On and after
February 15, 2016 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of May 15, 2016, holders may convert their notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances.  
 Upon conversion, a holder will receive the conversion value of the 2016 Notes to be converted equal to the conversion rate multiplied by
the volume weighted average price of the Company’s Common Stock during a specified period following the conversion date. The conversion value of each 2016 Note will be paid in: 1) cash equal to the principal amount of the note and
2) to the extent the conversion value exceeds the principal amount of the note, Common Stock (plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Common Stock). The conversion price will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be
adjusted for accrued interest. Upon a “fundamental change” at any time, as defined, the Company will in some cases increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2016 Notes in connection with such fundamental
change. In addition, the holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their notes upon a “designated event” at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being repurchased plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any.    Concurrently with the issuance of the 2016 Notes, the Company purchased a convertible note hedge and
sold warrants. The separate convertible note hedge and warrant transactions are collectively structured to reduce the potential future economic dilution associated with the conversion of the 2016 Notes and to increase the effective conversion
price to $71.14 per share. Each of these components is discussed separately below:    Convertible Note Hedge .
Counterparties agreed to sell to the Company up to approximately 7.1 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock, which is the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the 2016 Notes in full, at a price of $62.84 per
share. The convertible note hedge transaction will be settled in net shares and will terminate upon the earlier of the maturity date of the 2016 Notes or the first day none of the 2016 Notes remains outstanding due to conversion or
otherwise. Settlement of the convertible note hedge in net shares, based on the number of shares issued upon conversion of the 2016 Notes, on the expiration date would result in the Company receiving net shares equivalent to the number of
shares issuable by the Company upon conversion of the 2016 Notes. Should there be an early unwind of the convertible note hedge transaction, the number of net shares potentially received by the Company will depend upon 1) the then existing
overall market conditions, 2) the Company’s stock price, 3) the volatility of the Company’s stock, and 4) the amount of time remaining before expiration of the convertible note hedge. The convertible note hedge transaction cost of
$76.2 million has been accounted for as an equity transaction. The Company initially recorded approximately $28.2 million in stockholders’ equity from the net deferred tax asset related to the convertible note hedge at inception
of the transaction.    Sold Warrants.  The Company received $57.6 million from the same counterparties from the sale
of warrants to purchase up to approximately 7.1 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $71.14 per share. The warrants expire on a series of dates between August 15, 2016 and October 21,
2016. At expiration, the Company may, at its option, elect to settle the warrants on a net share basis. As of June 29, 2014, the warrants had not been exercised and remained outstanding. The value of the warrants was initially
recorded in equity and continues to be classified as equity.  
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2018 Notes    The 2018 Notes may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 15, 2018, at the option of the holder only under the following
circumstances: 1) during the five business-day period after any ten consecutive trading-day period (the “measurement period”) in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of 2018 Notes for each day of such measurement period
was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company’s Common Stock and the applicable conversion rate on each such trading day; 2) during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending
September 25, 2011, if the last reported sale price of the Company’s Common Stock for 20 or more trading days in a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal
quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price in effect on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter; or 3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On and after February 15, 2018
until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date of May 15, 2018, holders may convert their notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances.  
 Upon conversion, a holder will receive the conversion value of the 2018 Notes to be converted equal to the conversion rate multiplied by
the volume weighted average price of the Company’s Common Stock during a specified period following the conversion date. The conversion value of each 2018 Notes will be paid in: 1) cash equal to the principal amount of the note and
2) to the extent the conversion value exceeds the principal amount of the note, Common Stock (plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Common Stock). The conversion price will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be
adjusted for accrued interest. Upon a “fundamental change” at any time, as defined, the Company will in some cases increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2018 Notes in connection with such fundamental
change. In addition, the holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their notes upon a “designated event” at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being repurchased plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any.    Concurrently with the issuance of the 2018 Notes, the Company purchased a convertible note hedge and
sold warrants. The separate convertible note hedge and warrant transactions are collectively structured to reduce the potential future economic dilution associated with the conversion of the 2018 Notes and to increase the effective conversion
price to $75.89 per share. Each of these components is discussed separately below:    Convertible Note Hedge .
Counterparties agreed to sell to the Company up to approximately 7.1 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock, which is the number of shares issuable upon conversion of the 2018 Notes in full, at a price of $62.84 per
share. The convertible note hedge transaction will be settled in net shares and will terminate upon the earlier of the maturity date of the 2018 Notes or the first day none of the 2018 Notes remains outstanding due to conversion or
otherwise. Settlement of the convertible note hedge in net shares, based on the number of shares issued upon conversion of the 2018 Notes, on the expiration date would result in the Company receiving net shares equivalent to the number of
shares issuable by the Company upon conversion of the 2018 Notes. Should there be an early unwind of the convertible note hedge transaction, the number of net shares potentially received by the Company will depend upon 1) the then existing
overall market conditions, 2) the Company’s stock price, 3) the volatility of the Company’s stock, and 4) the amount of time remaining before expiration of the convertible note hedge. The convertible note hedge transaction cost of
$104.9 million has been accounted for as an equity transaction. The Company initially recorded approximately $38.8 million in stockholders’ equity from the net deferred tax asset related to the convertible note hedge at inception
of the transaction.    Sold Warrants . The Company received $76.3 million from the same counterparties from the
sale of warrants to purchase up to approximately 7.1 million shares of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $75.89 per share. The warrants expire on a series of dates between August 15, 2018 and
October 23, 2018. At expiration, the Company may, at its option, elect to settle the warrants on a net share basis. As of June 29, 2014, the warrants had not been exercised and remained outstanding. The value of the warrants was initially
recorded in equity and continues to be classified as equity.  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  2041 Notes    The 2041 Notes may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding February 15, 2041, at the option of the holder only under the following
circumstances: 1) during the five business-day period after any ten consecutive trading-day period (the “measurement period”) in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of 2041 Notes for each day of such measurement period
was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company’s Common Stock and the applicable conversion rate on each such trading day; 2) during any fiscal quarter, if the last reported sale price of the Company’s
Common Stock for 20 or more trading days in a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price in effect on the last
trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter; or 3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On and after February 15, 2041 until the close of business on the third scheduled trading day immediately preceding the
maturity date of May 15, 2041, holders may convert their notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances.  
 Upon conversion, a holder will receive the conversion value of the 2041 Notes to be converted equal to the conversion rate multiplied by
the volume weighted average price of the Company’s Common Stock during a specified period following the conversion date. The conversion value of each 2041 Note will be paid in: 1) cash equal to the principal amount of the note and
2) to the extent the conversion value exceeds the principal amount of the note, Common Stock (plus cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Common Stock). The conversion price will be subject to adjustment in some events but will not be
adjusted for accrued interest. Upon a “fundamental change” at any time, as defined, the Company will in some cases increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2041 Notes in connection with such fundamental
change. In addition, the holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their notes upon a “designated event” at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes being repurchased plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any.    On or after May 21, 2021, we may redeem all or part of the 2041 Notes for the principal plus
any accrued and unpaid interest if the closing price of our Common Stock has been at least 150% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days during any period of 30 consecutive trading days prior to the date on which we
provide notice of redemption.    Conversion Period    During the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2013, and each consecutive quarter through June 29, 2014, the Company’s Common Stock for 20 or more trading days of the 30 consecutive
trading days preceding the quarter end was greater than or equal to 130% of the 2041 Note conversion price. As a result, the 2041 Notes became convertible at the option of the holder anytime during the fiscal quarter ending September 29, 2013
and continue to be convertible through September 28, 2014. However, there have been no conversions of the 2041 Notes as of August 25, 2014.    In connection with the acquisition of Novellus in June 2012, the 2041 Notes could have been converted into the Company’s Common Stock at any time from and after the later of (1) the date that
was 30 scheduled trading days immediately prior to the anticipated closing date of the merger and (2) the date on which we delivered to the note holders notice of the merger, until 35 business days after the actual closing date of the merger,
or July 24, 2012. During the period ending June 24, 2012, 65 of the 2041 Notes, with a total par value of $65,000, were converted at the note holders’ option. In conjunction with the conversion, 137 shares of Common Stock were issued.
   As a result of the open conversion period, the carrying amount of the 2041 Notes was classified in current liabilities in our
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013. The excess of the amount of cash payable, if converted, over the carrying amount of the 2041 Notes was classified as temporary equity as of June 29, 2014 and
June 30, 2013. Upon closure of a conversion period, all 2041 Notes not converted are reclassified back to noncurrent liabilities and the temporary equity is reclassified to permanent equity.  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fair Value of Notes    As of June 29, 2014, the face values of the 2016 Notes, 2018 Notes, and 2041 Notes were $450.0 million, $450.0 million, and $699.9 million, respectively. As of June 29, 2014, the fair values of
the 2016 Notes, 2018 Notes, and 2041 Notes, which includes the debt and equity components, were approximately $556.3 million, $600.8 million, and $1,397.4 million respectively, based on quoted market prices (level 1 inputs within the fair value
hierarchy).    Contractual Obligations    The Company’s contractual cash obligations relating to its convertible notes and other long-term debt as of June 29, 2014 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Long-term Debt 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
 
   One year* 
    
 $ 
 699,935 
    
 
   Two years 
    
   
 450,000 
    
 
   Three years 
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Four years 
    
   
 450,000 
    
 
   Five years 
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Over five years 
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 1,599,935 
    
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
    
   
 699,935 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 900,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
 As noted above, the conversion period for the 2041 Notes opened as of December 29, 2013, and remains open as of June 29, 2014. As there is the potential for
conversion at the option of the holder, the principal balance of the 2041 Notes has been included in the one year payment period. As of August 25, 2014, none of the 2041 Notes had been converted during the conversion period beginning
December 29, 2013.    Revolving Credit Facility  
 On March 12, 2014, the Company entered into a $300 million revolving unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of lenders that
matures on March 12, 2019. The facility includes an option, subject to certain requirements, for the Company to request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $200 million, for a potential total commitment of $500 million. Proceeds
from the credit facility can be used for general corporate purposes.    Interest on amounts borrowed under the credit facility
is, at the Company’s option, based on (i) a base rate, defined as the greatest of (a) prime rate, (b) Federal Funds rate plus 0.5%, or (c) one-month LIBOR plus 1.0%, plus a spread of 0.0% to 0.5%, or (ii) LIBOR plus a
spread of 0.9% to 1.5%, in each case the applicable spread is determined based on the rating of the Company’s non-credit enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt. Principal, and any accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable upon
maturity. Additionally, the Company will pay the lenders a quarterly commitment fee that varies based on the Company’s rating described above. The credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants including maintaining a consolidated debt
to total capitalization ratio of no more than 0.5 to 1.0 and maintaining unrestricted or unencumbered cash and investments of no less than $1.0 billion. As of June 29, 2014, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and
were in compliance with all financial covenants.  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Note 14: Commitments and Contingencies  
  The Company has certain obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of these are recorded on its
balance sheet and some are not. Obligations that are recorded on the Company’s balance sheet include the Company’s capital lease obligations. Obligations that are not recorded on the Company’s balance sheet include contractual
relationships for operating leases, purchase obligations, and certain guarantees. The Company’s commitments relating to capital leases and off-balance sheet agreements are included in the tables below. These amounts exclude $258.4 million of
liabilities related to uncertain tax benefits because the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate amount or time of settlement. See Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.  
 Capital Leases    Capital
leases reflect building and office equipment leases. The Company’s contractual cash obligations relating to its existing capital leases, including interest, as of June 29, 2014 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Capital Leases 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
 
   One year 
    
 $ 
 1,857 
    
 
   Two years 
    
   
 1,829 
    
 
   Three years 
    
   
 8,635 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 12,321 
    
 
   Interest on capital leases 
    
   
 338 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Current portion of capital leases 
    
   
 1,681 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term portion of capital leases 
    
 $ 
 10,302 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Operating Leases and Related Guarantees    The Company leases the majority of its administrative, R&D and manufacturing facilities, regional sales/service offices and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Certain of the
Company’s facility leases for buildings located at its Fremont, California headquarters and certain other facility leases provide the Company with options to extend the leases for additional periods or to purchase the facilities. Certain of the
Company’s facility leases provide for periodic rent increases based on the general rate of inflation. The Company’s rental expense for facilities occupied during fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012 was approximately $12 million,
$14 million, and $11 million, respectively.    On December 31, 2013, the Company extinguished its two operating
leases regarding certain improved properties in Livermore, California and its four amended and restated operating leases regarding certain improved properties in Fremont, California and entered into six amended operating leases (the “Operating
Leases”) regarding certain improved properties at the Company’s headquarters in Fremont, California and certain other improved properties in Livermore, California.    The Operating Leases have a term of approximately seven years ending on December 31, 2020. The Company may, at its discretion and with 30 days’ notice, elect to purchase the property that
is the subject of the Operating Leases for an amount approximating the sum required to pay the amount of the lessor’s investment in the property and any accrued but unpaid rent.  
 As of June 29, 2014, the Company was required, pursuant to the terms of the Operating Leases, to maintain cash collateral in an
aggregate of approximately $132.5 million in separate interest-bearing accounts and  
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
marketable securities collateral in an aggregate of approximately $8.0 million as security for the Company’s obligations under the Operating Leases. These amounts are recorded as restricted
cash and investments in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 29, 2014.    During the term of the
Operating Leases and when the terms of the Operating Leases expire, the property subject to those Operating Leases may be remarketed. The Company has guaranteed to the lessor that each property will have a certain minimum residual value. The
aggregate guarantee made by the Company under the Operating Leases is generally no more than approximately $191.2 million; however, under certain default circumstances, the guarantee with regard to an Operating Lease may be 100% of the
lessor’s aggregate investment in the applicable property, which in no case will exceed $220.0 million, in the aggregate.    The Company’s contractual cash obligations with respect to operating leases, excluding the residual value guarantees discussed above, as of June 29, 2014 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Operating Leases 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
 
   One year 
    
 $ 
 15,109 
    
 
   Two years 
    
   
 11,047 
    
 
   Three years 
    
   
 8,701 
    
 
   Four years 
    
   
 3,029 
    
 
   Five years 
    
   
 2,549 
    
 
   Over five years 
    
   
 5,482 
    
 
   Less: Sublease Income 
    
   
 (675 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 45,242 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Other Guarantees    The Company has issued certain indemnifications to its lessors for taxes and general liability under some of its agreements. The Company has entered into certain insurance contracts that may limit its
exposure to such indemnifications. As of June 29, 2014, the Company had not recorded any liability on its Consolidated Financial Statements in connection with these indemnifications, as it does not believe, based on information available, that
it is probable that any amounts will be paid under these guarantees.    Generally, the Company indemnifies, under pre-determined
conditions and limitations, its customers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by the Company’s products or services. The Company seeks to limit its liability for such indemnity to an amount not to exceed the sales price
of the products or services subject to its indemnification obligations. The Company does not believe, based on information available, that it is probable that any material amounts will be paid under these guarantees.  
 The Company provides guarantees and standby letters of credit to certain parties as required for certain transactions initiated during
the ordinary course of business. As of June 29, 2014, the maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under these arrangements and letters of credit was $20.6 million. We do not believe, based on
historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid.    Purchase
Obligations    Purchase obligations consist of significant contractual obligations either on an annual basis or over
multi-year periods related to the Company’s outsourcing activities or other material commitments, including vendor-consigned inventories. The contractual cash obligations and commitments table presented below contains the Company’s minimum
obligations at June 29, 2014 under these arrangements and others. For obligations with  
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the following table were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms or the minimum cancellation fee. Actual expenditures will
vary based on the volume of transactions and length of contractual service provided.    The Company’s commitments related
to these agreements as of June 29, 2014 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Purchase Obligations 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
 
   One year 
    
 $ 
 185,450 
    
 
   Two years 
    
   
 8,279 
    
 
   Three years 
    
   
 3,869 
    
 
   Four years 
    
   
 2,585 
    
 
   Five years 
    
   
 2,585 
    
 
   Over five years 
    
   
 2,928 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 205,696 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Warranties    The Company provides standard warranties on its systems. The liability amount is based on actual historical warranty spending activity by type of system, customer, and geographic region, modified for any
known differences such as the impact of system reliability improvements.    Changes in the Company’s product warranty
reserves were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 58,078 
    
   
 $ 
 70,161 
    
 
   Warranties issued during the period 
    
   
 87,922 
    
   
   
 74,779 
    
 
   Settlements made during the period 
    
   
 (80,280 
 )  
   
   
 (92,456 
 )  
 
   Changes in liability for pre-existing warranties 
    
   
 3,665 
    
   
   
 5,594 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of period 
    
 $ 
 69,385 
    
   
 $ 
 58,078 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Legal Proceedings    The Company is either a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that have arisen from time to time in the normal course of business, including intellectual property claims. The Company accrues for a
liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether a loss is
reasonably estimable. To the extent there is a reasonable possibility that the losses could exceed the amounts already accrued, the Company believes that the amount of any such additional loss would be immaterial to the Company’s business,
financial condition, and results of operations.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Note 15: Income Taxes  
  The components of income (loss) before income taxes were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 78,076 
    
    
 $ 
 (46,392 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (6,950 
 )  
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 645,287 
    
    
   
 113,050 
    
   
   
 211,368 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 723,363 
    
    
 $ 
 66,658 
    
   
 $ 
 204,418 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes attributable to income before
income taxes were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Federal: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
 $ 
 31,762 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,096 
 )  
   
 $ 
 5,038 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 10,692 
    
   
   
 (60,172 
 )  
   
   
 (1,033 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 42,454 
    
   
 $ 
 (61,268 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,005 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   State: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
 $ 
 3,192 
    
   
 $ 
 3,332 
    
   
 $ 
 1,297 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 (869 
 )  
   
   
 (6,351 
 )  
   
   
 336 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,323 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,019 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,633 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Foreign: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
 $ 
 49,273 
    
   
 $ 
 20,640 
    
   
 $ 
 33,871 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 (2,976 
 )  
   
   
 (3,574 
 )  
   
   
 (3,814 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 46,297 
    
   
 $ 
 17,066 
    
   
 $ 
 30,057 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
    
 $ 
 91,074 
    
   
 $ 
 (47,221 
 )  
   
 $ 
 35,695 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes, and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. Significant components of the Company’s net deferred tax assets and
liabilities were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax carryforwards 
    
 $ 
 170,028 
    
   
 $ 
 169,371 
    
 
   Allowances and reserves 
    
   
 126,895 
    
   
   
 94,720 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation 
    
   
 18,019 
    
   
   
 19,586 
    
 
   Inventory valuation differences 
    
   
 16,257 
    
   
   
 22,833 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 12,065 
    
   
   
 11,286 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross deferred tax assets 
    
   
 343,264 
    
   
   
 317,796 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (74,439 
 )  
   
   
 (76,594 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
   
 268,825 
    
   
   
 241,202 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Intangible Assets 
    
   
 (87,329 
 )  
   
   
 (94,836 
 )  
 
   Convertible debt 
    
   
 (117,112 
 )  
   
   
 (98,482 
 )  
 
   Temporary differences for capital assets 
    
   
 (32,350 
 )  
   
   
 (41,470 
 )  
 
   Amortization of goodwill 
    
   
 (11,409 
 )  
   
   
 (9,950 
 )  
 
   Unremitted earnings of a foreign subsidiary 
    
   
 (34,346 
 )  
   
   
 (2,936 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (11,017 
 )  
   
   
 (11,645 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (293,563 
 )  
   
   
 (259,319 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
 $ 
 (24,738 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (18,117 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The change in the gross deferred tax assets, gross deferred tax liabilities and valuation allowance
between fiscal year 2014 and 2013 is primarily attributable to accrual for future tax liability due to the expected repatriation of foreign earnings and amortization of convertible debt, offset by an increase in deferred tax assets related to
allowances and reserves. Realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets is based upon the weighting of available evidence, including such factors as the recent earnings history and expected future taxable income. The Company believes it
is more-likely-than-not that such deferred tax assets will be realized with the exception of $74.4 million primarily related to California and certain foreign deferred tax assets.  
 The provisions related to the tax accounting for stock-based compensation prohibit the recognition of a deferred tax asset for an excess
benefit that has not yet been realized. As a result, the Company will only recognize an excess benefit from stock-based compensation in additional paid-in-capital if an incremental tax benefit is realized after all other tax attributes currently
available to us have been utilized. In addition, the Company continued to elect to account for the indirect benefits of stock-based compensation such as the research and development tax credit through the consolidated statement of operations.
   At June 29, 2014, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $134.5 million. The
majority of these losses will begin to expire in the year 2019, and are subject to limitations on their utilization.    As of
June 29, 2014, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $31.9 million. If not utilized, the net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in the year 2015, and are subject to limitations on their
utilization. The tax benefits relating to approximately $5.0 million of state net operating loss carryforwards will be credited to additional paid-in-capital when recognized.  
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  At June 29, 2014, the Company had federal tax credit carryforwards of approximately
$107.8 million, of which $17.9 million will begin to expire in fiscal year 2017 and $87.1 million will begin to expire in fiscal year 2030. The remaining balance of $2.8 million of credits may be carried forward indefinitely. The tax benefits
relating to approximately $13.0 million of federal tax credit carryforwards will be credited to additional paid-in-capital when recognized.    At June 29, 2014, the Company had state tax credit carryforwards of approximately $212.0 million. Substantially all state tax credit carryforwards may be carried forward indefinitely. The tax
benefits relating to approximately $37.0 million of the state tax credit carryforwards will be credited to additional paid-in-capital when recognized.    At June 29, 2014, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $60.3 million, of which approximately $38.5 million may be carried forward indefinitely and $21.9
million will begin to expire in fiscal year 2015.    A reconciliation of income tax expense provided at the federal statutory
rate (35% in fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012) to actual income expense is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
   
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Income tax expense computed at federal statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 253,177 
    
   
 $ 
 23,332 
    
   
 $ 
 71,546 
    
 
   State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
    
   
 1,884 
    
   
   
 (13,588 
 )  
   
   
 (4,895 
 )  
 
   Foreign income taxed at different rates 
    
   
 (164,130 
 )  
   
   
 (40,255 
 )  
   
   
 (51,425 
 )  
 
   Tax credits 
    
   
 (15,650 
 )  
   
   
 (42,593 
 )  
   
   
 (5,791 
 )  
 
   State valuation allowance, net of federal tax benefit 
    
   
 (1,707 
 )  
   
   
 11,538 
    
   
   
 5,862 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation 
    
   
 23,167 
    
   
   
 20,318 
    
   
   
 14,123 
    
 
   Acquisition costs 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,683 
    
 
   Other permanent differences and miscellaneous items 
    
   
 (5,667 
 )  
   
   
 (5,973 
 )  
   
   
 592 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 91,074 
    
   
 $ 
 (47,221 
 )  
   
 $ 
 35,695 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Effective fiscal year 2014 through June 2023, the Company obtained a new tax ruling for one of its
foreign subsidiaries in Switzerland. In the prior years, the Company had a tax holiday in Switzerland which was effective from fiscal year 2003 through June 2013. The impact of the tax ruling decreased income taxes by approximately $7.4 million,
$10.8 million and $22.3 million for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The benefit of the tax ruling on diluted earnings per share was approximately $0.04 in fiscal year 2014, $0.06 in fiscal year 2013 and $0.18 in fiscal year
2012.    Unremitted earnings of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries included in consolidated retained earnings aggregated to
approximately $2.9 billion at June 29, 2014. These earnings are indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. If these earnings were remitted to the United States, they would be subject to U.S. and foreign withholding taxes of approximately
$697.5 million at current statutory rates. The Company’s federal income tax provision includes U.S. income taxes on certain foreign-based income.  
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of June 29, 2014, the total gross unrecognized tax benefits were $352.1 million
compared to $333.1 million as of June 30, 2013, and $343.8 million as of June 24, 2012. During fiscal year 2014, gross unrecognized tax benefits increased by approximately $19.0 million. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits
that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate was $269.4 million, $257.7 million, and $278.2 million as of June 29, 2014, June 30, 2013, and June 24, 2012, respectively. The aggregate changes in the balance of gross
unrecognized tax benefits were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 (in millions) 
   


 
   Balance as of June 26, 2011 
    
 $ 
  181.5 
    
 
   Settlements and effective settlements with tax authorities 
    
   
 (0.2 
 )  
 
   Lapse of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (6.6 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 1.4 
    
 
   Decreases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 (4.3 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during current period 
    
   
 22.3 
    
 
   Tax positions assumed in Novellus transaction 
    
   
 149.7 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of June 24, 2012 
    
   
 343.8 
    
 
   Settlements and effective settlements with tax authorities 
    
   
 (3.4 
 )  
 
   Lapse of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (51.4 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 11.3 
    
 
   Decreases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 (11.3 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during current period 
    
   
 35.2 
    
 
   Tax positions assumed in Novellus transaction 
    
   
 8.9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of June 30, 2013 
    
   
 333.1 
    
 
   Lapse of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (16.0 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 6.2 
    
 
   Decreases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 (4.2 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during current period 
    
   
 33.0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of June 29, 2014 
    
 $ 
 352.1 
    
   The Company recognizes interest expense and penalties related to the above unrecognized tax benefits
within income tax expense. The Company had accrued $29.5 million, $25.5 million, and $25.2 million, cumulatively, for gross interest and penalties as of June 29, 2014, June 30, 3013, and June 24, 2012, respectively.  
 The Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) has contacted the Company for a limited scope audit of Novellus’ U.S. income tax
return for the years 2010, 2011, and 2012. In addition, the Company is also subject to audits by state and foreign tax authorities. The Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate as to when cash settlements, if any, with the relevant taxing
authorities will occur.    The Company files U.S. federal, U.S. state, and foreign income tax returns. As of June 29, 2014,
tax years 2004-2013 remain subject to examination in the jurisdictions where the Company operates.    The Company is in various
stages of the examinations in connection with all of its tax audits worldwide and it is difficult to determine when these examinations will be settled. It is reasonably possible that over the next twelve-month period the Company may experience
an increase or decrease in its unrecognized tax benefits. It is not possible to determine either the magnitude or the range of any increase or decrease at this time.  
  Note 16: Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
  Goodwill    There were no significant changes in the goodwill balance during the twelve months ended June 29, 2014. Of the $1.5 billion goodwill balance, $61 million is tax deductible and the remaining balance
is not tax deductible due to purchase accounting and applicable foreign law.  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Intangible Assets    The following table provides the Company’s intangible assets as of June 29, 2014:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousnds) 
   


 
   Customer relationships 
    
 $ 
 615,618 
    
    
 $ 
 (169,162 
 )  
   
 $ 
 446,456 
    
 
   Existing technology 
    
   
 643,922 
    
    
   
 (224,246 
 )  
   
   
 419,676 
    
 
   Patents 
    
   
 32,253 
    
    
   
 (24,407 
 )  
   
   
 7,846 
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 35,270 
    
    
   
 (35,270 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets subject to amortization 
    
   
 1,327,063 
    
    
   
 (453,085 
 )  
   
   
 873,978 
    
 
   In process research and development 
    
   
 11,000 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 11,000 
    
 
   Development rights 
    
   
 9,100 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 9,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets not subject to amortization 
    
   
 20,100 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 20,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 1,347,163 
    
    
 $ 
 (453,085 
 )  
   
 $ 
 894,078 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table provides details of the Company’s intangible assets as of June 30, 2013:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousnds) 
   


 
   Customer relationships 
    
 $ 
 624,686 
    
    
 $ 
 (103,519 
 )  
   
 $ 
 521,167 
    
 
   Existing technology 
    
   
 653,628 
    
    
   
 (139,894 
 )  
   
   
 513,734 
    
 
   Patents 
    
   
 32,053 
    
    
   
 (22,036 
 )  
   
   
 10,017 
    
 
   Backlog 
    
   
 10,000 
    
    
   
 (10,000 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 35,216 
    
    
   
 (34,889 
 )  
   
   
 327 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets subject to amortization 
    
   
 1,355,583 
    
    
   
 (310,338 
 )  
   
   
 1,045,245 
    
 
   In process research and development 
    
   
 20,000 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 20,000 
    
 
   Development rights 
    
   
 9,100 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 9,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets not subject to amortization 
    
   
 29,100 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 29,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 1,384,683 
    
    
 $ 
 (310,338 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,074,345 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company recognized $163.2 million, $177.6 million, and $26.9 million, in intangible asset
amortization expense during fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The Company recognized a $4.0 million impairment of in process research and development during fiscal year 2014, due to the cancellation of a project.  
 The estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets, excluding those with indefinite lives, as of June 29, 2014 was as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Fiscal Year 
    
 Amount 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousnds) 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 156,719 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 154,215 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 152,494 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 151,398 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 120,254 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 138,898 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 873,978 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Intangible assets acquired during the 2014 fiscal year were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Useful Life 
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   
    
 (Years) 


 
   Customer relationships 
    
 $ 
 1,800 
    
    
 7 
 
   Existing technology 
    
   
 7,228 
    
    
 6 
 
   Patents 
    
   
 200 
    
    
 5 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
   Total acquired intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 9,228 
    
    
 6 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
  Note 17: Segment, Geographic Information and Major Customers  
  The Company operates in one reportable business segment: manufacturing and servicing of wafer processing semiconductor
manufacturing equipment. The Company’s material operating segments qualify for aggregation due to their customer base and similarities in economic characteristics, nature of products and services, and processes for procurement, manufacturing
and distribution.    The Company operates in seven geographic regions: United States, Europe, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China and
Southeast Asia. For geographical reporting, revenue is attributed to the geographic location in which the customers’ facilities are located while long-lived assets are attributed to the geographic locations in which the assets are located.
   Revenues and long-lived assets by geographic region were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Korea 
    
 $ 
 1,127,406 
    
    
 $ 
 603,821 
    
    
 $ 
 893,549 
    
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 1,049,214 
    
    
   
 1,026,548 
    
    
   
 467,922 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 634,131 
    
    
   
 368,095 
    
    
   
 308,189 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 623,408 
    
    
   
 319,282 
    
    
   
 143,769 
    
 
   United States 
    
   
 622,022 
    
    
   
 734,324 
    
    
   
 458,531 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 303,730 
    
    
   
 292,432 
    
    
   
 244,038 
    
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 247,398 
    
    
   
 254,414 
    
    
   
 149,194 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
    
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
    
 $ 
 2,665,192 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 June 24, 2012 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Long-lived assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 429,548 
    
    
 $ 
 484,273 
    
    
 $ 
 463,156 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 89,221 
    
    
   
 109,934 
    
    
   
 107,893 
    
 
   Korea 
    
   
 18,776 
    
    
   
 991 
    
    
   
 993 
    
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 4,259 
    
    
   
 2,953 
    
    
   
 3,169 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 846 
    
    
   
 2,291 
    
    
   
 3,673 
    
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 454 
    
    
   
 2,788 
    
    
   
 4,644 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 392 
    
    
   
 680 
    
    
   
 1,068 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 543,496 
    
    
 $ 
 603,910 
    
    
 $ 
 584,596 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In fiscal year 2014, three customers accounted for approximately 23%, 15%, and 14% of total
revenues. In fiscal year 2013, three customers accounted for approximately 19%, 15%, and 11% of total revenues. In fiscal year 2012, three customers accounted for approximately 30%, 12%, and 10% of total revenues.  
  Note 18: Stock Repurchase Program  
  On April 22, 2013, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $250 million of Company Common Stock.
The Company completed the repurchase of approximately $202 million available under this share repurchase authorization in the year ended June 29, 2014.    On April 29, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $850 million of Company Common Stock, including the unutilized value from the April 22, 2013 authorization. These
repurchases can be conducted on the open market or as private purchases and may include the use of derivative contracts with large financial institutions, in all cases subject to compliance with applicable law. Repurchases will be funded using the
Company’s on-shore cash and on-shore cash generation. This repurchase program has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.    Repurchases under the repurchase program were as follows during the periods indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
   
 Total Number 
of Shares Repurchased 
   
   
 Total Cost 
of Repurchase 
   
   
 Average Price Paid Per
Share* 
   
   
 Amount Available Under 
Repurchase Program ** 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   Available balance as of June 30, 2013 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 250,000 
    
 
   Quarter ended September 29, 2013 
   
   
 1,935 
    
   
 $ 
 96,462 
    
   
 $ 
 48.06 
    
   
 $ 
 153,538 
    
 
   Quarter ended December 29, 2013 
   
   
 762 
    
   
 $ 
 39,800 
    
   
 $ 
 52.20 
    
   
 $ 
 113,738 
    
 
   Quarter ended March 30, 2014 
   
   
 930 
    
   
 $ 
 49,414 
    
   
 $ 
 53.13 
    
   
 $ 
 64,324 
    
 
   Authorization of new $850 million - April 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 850,000 
    
 
   Quarter ended June 29, 2014 
   
   
 624 
    
   
 $ 
 35,486 
    
   
 $ 
 56.89 
    
   
 $ 
 830,895 
    
     
 
 
 * 
 Average price paid per share excludes accelerated share repurchases for which cost was incurred during the September 2013 quarter, but that did not settle until the
December 2013 quarter. See Collared Accelerated Share Repurchases section below for details regarding average price associated with the transaction.  
 
 
 ** 
 During the quarter ended June 29, 2014, approximately $16.4 million of repurchases were prior to the new $850 million authorization.  
 In addition to shares repurchased under Board authorized repurchase program shown above, during the year ended June 29, 2014,
the Company acquired 608,695 shares at a total cost of $32.0 million which the Company withheld through net share settlements to cover minimum tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of RSU awards granted under the Company’s equity
compensation plans. The shares retained by the Company through these net share settlements are not a part of the Board-authorized repurchase program but instead are authorized under the Company’s equity compensation plans.  
 As part of its share repurchase program, the Company may from time-to-time enter into structured share repurchase arrangements with
financial institutions using general corporate funds. Such arrangements entered into and settled during the year ended June 29, 2014 included the following:    Collared Accelerated Share Repurchases    During the fiscal year ended
June 29, 2014, the Company entered into and settled a collared accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) transaction under a master repurchase arrangement. Under the ASR, the Company made an up-front cash payment of $75 million, in
exchange for an initial delivery of 1.2 million shares of its Common Stock and a subsequent delivery of 0.3 million shares following the initial hedge period.  
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The number of shares to ultimately be repurchased by the Company is based generally on the
volume-weighted average price (“VWAP”) of the Common Stock during the term of the ASR minus a pre-determined discount set at inception of the ASR, subject to collar provisions that provide a minimum and maximum number of shares that the
Company could repurchase under the agreements. The minimum and maximum thresholds for the transaction were established based on the average of the VWAP prices for the Common Stock during an initial hedge period. At the conclusion of the ASR, the
Company could have receive additional shares based on the VWAP of the Common Stock during the term of the agreement minus the pre-determined fixed discount; however, the total number of shares received under the ASR would not exceed the maximum of
1.7 million shares.    The counterparty designated October 28, 2013 as the termination date, at which time the Company
settled the ASR. No additional shares were received at final settlement, which represented a weighted-average share price of approximately $50.40 for the transaction period.    The Company accounted for the ASR as two separate transactions: (a) as shares of Common Stock acquired in a treasury stock transaction recorded on the acquisition date and (b) as a forward
contract indexed to the Company’s own Common Stock and classified in stockholders’ equity. As such, the Company accounted for the shares that it received under the ASR as a repurchase of its Common Stock for the purpose of calculating
earnings per common share. The Company has determined that the forward contract indexed to the Common Stock met all of the applicable criteria for equity classification in accordance with the Derivatives and Hedging topic of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification, and, therefore, the ASR was not accounted for as a derivative instrument. As of June 29, 2014, the aggregate repurchase price of $75 million was reflected as Treasury stock, at cost, in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 
  Note 19: Subsequent Events  
  On July 2, 2014, the Company sold substantially all of Peter Wolters, a wholly owned subsidiary acquired as part
of the Novellus acquisition, with net proceeds on sale of approximately $59 million. The pre-tax gain on sale is estimated at approximately $6 million.  

      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
   The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lam Research Corporation  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lam Research Corporation as of June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 29, 2014. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule
listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.
   We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position of Lam Research Corporation at June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
June 29, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.    We also have audited, in accordance
with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Lam Research Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 29, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) and our report dated August 26, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP    San Jose, California    August 26, 2014  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lam Research Corporation    We have audited Lam Research Corporation internal control over financial reporting as of June 29, 2014, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework). Lam Research Corporation management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying [title of management’s report]. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 In our opinion, Lam Research Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
June 29, 2014, based on the COSO criteria.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the 2014 consolidated financial statements of Lam Research Corporation and our report dated August 26, 2014 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.  
 /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP    San Jose, California    August 26, 2014  
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly
caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 
 
 
 
 By 
   
   /s/ Martin B. Anstice 
 
 
   
      Martin B. Anstice 
 
 
   
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
   Dated: August 26, 2014  
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES  
 By signing this Annual Report on Form 10-K below, I hereby appoint each of Martin B. Anstice and Douglas R. Bettinger, jointly and
severally, as my attorney-in-fact to sign all amendments to this Form 10-K on my behalf, and to file this Form 10-K (including all exhibits and other related documents) with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I authorize each of my
attorneys-in-fact to (1) appoint a substitute attorney-in-fact for himself and (2) perform any actions that he believes are necessary or appropriate to carry out the intention and purpose of this Power of Attorney. I ratify and confirm all
lawful actions taken directly or indirectly by my attorneys-in-fact and by any properly appointed substitute attorneys-in-fact.  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Signatures 
    
   Title 
   
   Date 


 
   Principal Executive Officer 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Martin B. Anstice         Martin B. Anstice 
    
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
 Accounting Officer 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Douglas R. Bettinger         Douglas R. Bettinger 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer 
   
   August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other Directors 
     /s/ Stephen G. Newberry 
       Stephen G. Newberry 
    
   Chairman 
   
   August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Eric K. Brandt         Eric K. Brandt 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael R. Cannon         Michael R. Cannon 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Youssef A. El-Mansy         Youssef A. El-Mansy 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Christine Heckart         Christine Heckart 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Grant M. Inman         Grant M. Inman 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Catherine P. Lego         Catherine P. Lego 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Krishna Saraswat         Krishna Saraswat 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ William R. Spivey         William R. Spivey 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Abhi Talwalkar         Abhi Talwalkar 
    
 Director 
   
 August 26, 2014 
 
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
 SCHEDULE II — VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
 (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Additions 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Description 
    
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Charged to Costs and
Expenses 
   
    
 Write-offs, Net of Recoveries (1) 
   
   
 Balance at End 
of Period 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   YEAR ENDED JUNE 29, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 5,448 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 (500 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,962 
    
 
   YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 5,248 
    
    
 $ 
 200 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,448 
    
 
   YEAR ENDED JUNE 24, 2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 4,720 
    
    
 $ 
 403 
    
    
 $ 
 125 
    
   
 $ 
 5,248 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 During fiscal year 2012, write-off, net of recoveries represents $0.1 million of recoveries against previously written-off balances  
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K    FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 29, 2014    EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit 
    
   Description 


 
 
 
 
     3.1(2) 
    
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 7, 1989; as amended by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, Dated February 28, 1990; the Certificate of Amendment dated
October 28, 1993; the Certificate of Ownership and Merger dated December 15, 1994; the Certificate of Ownership and Merger dated June 25, 1999 and the Certificate of Amendment effective as of March 7, 2000; and the Certificate of Amendment effective
as of November 5, 2009. 
 
 
 
 
     3.2(28) 
    
 Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended, dated May 17, 2013. 
 
 
 
 
     3.3(2) 
    
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock dated January 27, 1997. 
 
 
 
 
     4.1(29) 
    
 Indenture (including Form of Notes), dated as of May 11, 2011, by and between Lam Research Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as trustee, with respect
to the 2016 Notes 
 
 
 
 
     4.2(29) 
    
 Indenture (including Form of Notes), dated as of May 11, 2011, by and between Lam Research Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as trustee, with respect
to the 2018 Notes 
 
 
 
 
     4.3(3)* 
    
 Amended and restated 1999 Stock Option Plan. 
 
 
 
 
     4.4(19)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 
 
 
 
 
     4.5(6)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation 2004 Executive Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 
 
 
     4.6(23)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
 
 
 
     4.7(10)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation Elective Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 
 
 
 
     4.8(10)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation Elective Deferred Compensation Plan II. 
 
 
 
 
     4.9(13) 
    
 Indenture between Novellus Systems, Inc. as Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee, dated as of May 10, 2011, including the form of 2.625% Senior
Convertible Notes due 2041. 
 
 
 
 
     4.10(9) 
    
 Supplemental Indenture among the Registrant, as Guarantor, Novellus Systems, Inc. as Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee, dated as of
June 4, 2012. 
 
 
 
 
   10.1(1)* 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
   10.2(4)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Agreement) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 
 
 
   10.3(5) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement — Outside Directors (U.S. Agreement) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 
 
 
   10.4(5) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement — Outside Directors (non-U.S. Agreement) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 
 
 
   10.5(7)* 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
   10.6(7)* 
    
 Reformation of Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
   10.7(8)* 
    
 Stock Option Amendment and Special Bonus Agreement. 
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   10.8(11)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Stephen G. Newberry, dated November 30, 2011. 
 
 
 
 
   10.9(11)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Martin B. Anstice, dated November 30, 2011. 
 
 
 
 
   10.10(12)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Timothy M. Archer, dated March 6, 2012. 
 
 
 
 
   10.11(9)* 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
   10.12(14)* 
    
 Form of Novellus Directors and Officers Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
   10.13(15) 
    
 Lease Guaranty between Novellus and Phoenix Industrial Investment Partners, L.P. dated January 21, 2003. 
 
 
 
 
   10.14(16) 
    
 Binding Memorandum of Understanding between Novellus, and Applied Materials, Inc., effective as of September 3, 2004. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a
request for confidential treatment. 
 
 
 
 
   10.15(17)* 
    
 Novellus Amended Executive Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended. 
 
 
 
 
   10.16(18)* 
    
 Novellus Accelerated Stock Vesting Retirement Plan Summary. 
 
 
 
 
   10.17(20)* 
    
 Novellus Systems, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended July 18, 2012. 
 
 
 
 
   10.18(23)* 
    
 Forms of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement under the Novellus 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 
 
 
   10.19(20)* 
    
 Forms of restricted stock unit award agreement under the Novellus 2011 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 
 
 
   10.20(21)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Douglas R. Bettinger, dated February 25, 2013. 
 
 
 
 
   10.21(23)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
 
 
 
   10.22(22)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Ernest E. Maddock, dated September 7, 2012. 
 
 
 
 
   10.23(22)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Richard A. Gottscho, dated September 7, 2012. 
 
 
 
 
   10.24(22)* 
    
 Form of Change in Control Agreement. 
 
 
 
 
   10.25(25)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 
 
 
   10.26(24)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 
 
 
   10.27(24)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 
 
 
   10.28(24)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 
 
 
   10.29(24)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As Amended) 
 
 
 
 
   10.30(24)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As
Amended) 
 
 
 
 
   10.31(24)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As
Amended) 
 
 
 
 
   10.32(24)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As
Amended) 
 
 
 
 
   10.33(24) 
    
 Participation Agreement between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31,
2013 
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   10.34(24) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (1 Portola Avenue Building) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31,
2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.35(24) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (1 Portola Avenue Building) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.36(24) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (101 Portola Avenue Building) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31,
2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.37(24) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (101 Portola Avenue Building) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.38(24) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (Fremont Building #1) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.39(24) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (Fremont Building #1) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.40(24) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (Fremont Building #3) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31,
2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.41(24) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (Fremont Building #3) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.42(24) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (Fremont Building #3E) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.43(24) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (Fremont Building #3E) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.44(24) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (Fremont Building #4) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.45(24) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (Fremont Building #4) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.46(24) 
    
 Construction Agency Agreement (Fremont Building #3E) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc, dated December 31, 2013 
 
 
 
 
   10.47(24)* 
    
 Form of Amendment to Employment Agreement 
 
 
 
 
   10.48(24)* 
    
 Form of Amendment to Change in Control Agreement 
 
 
 
 
   10.49(25)* 
    
 Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 
 
 
   10.50(25)* 
    
 Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 
 
 
   10.51(25)* 
    
 Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As
Amended) 
 
 
 
 
   10.52(25)* 
    
 Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive
Plan (As Amended) 
 
 
 
 
   10.53(26) 
    
 Credit Agreement dated March 12, 2014 among Lam Research Corporation and the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., as
syndication agent, BNP Paribas, Barclays Bank PLC, Citibank, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as co-documentation agents, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint bookrunners and joint
lead arrangers 
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
     20.1(27) 
    
 Notice of Adjustment of Conversion Rate pursuant to the Indentures dated May 11, 2011, by and between Lam Research Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company,
N.A. as Trustee with respect to the 0.5% Senior Convertible Notes Due 2016 and the 1.25% Senior Convertible Notes Due 2018, and Notice of Adjustment of Conversion Rate pursuant to the indenture dated May 10, 2011, by and between Novellus
Systems Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust company, N.A. as Trustee with respect to the 2.625% Senior Convertible Notes Due 2041. 
 
 
 
 
     21 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 
 
 
     23.1 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 
 
 
     24 
    
 Power of Attorney (See Signature page) 
 
 
 
 
     31.1 
    
 Rule 13a — 14(a) / 15d — 14(a) Certification (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
     31.2 
    
 Rule 13a — 14(a) / 15d — 14(a) Certification (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 
 
     32.1 
    
 Section 1350 Certification — (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
     32.2 
    
 Section 1350 Certification — (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 1988.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Amendment No. 2 to its Annual Report on Form 10K/A for the fiscal  year ended June 25, 2000, and
Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2009.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 29, 2002.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 24, 2006.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 25, 2007.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 27, 2010.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2008.  
 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 8, 2008.  
 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2012.  
 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 26, 2011.  
 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 5, 2011.  
 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed on March 6, 2012.  
 
 
 (13) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2011 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (14) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2002 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 5, 2003 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
 
 
 (16) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2004 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
 
 
 (17) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2008 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
 
 
 (18) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2010 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
 
 
 (19) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 23, 2012.  
 
 
 (20) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 24, 2012.  
 
 
 (21) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 26, 2013.  
 
 
 (22) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 10, 2012.  
 
 
 (23) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013  
 
 
 (24) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 29, 2013  
 
 
 (25) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2014.  
 
 
 (26) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2014.  
 
 
 (27) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2014.  
 
 
 (28) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2013.  
 
 
 (29) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2011.  
 
 
 * 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which executive officers  of the Company are eligible to participate.  
      103
 

 
 
 
