
 10-K
 1
 s105240_10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 
      
 
 

 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

   

 FORM 10-K 

   

 
 
     x 
     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
    13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
   

 For the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2016 

   

 or 

   

 
 
     ¨ 
     TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
   

 For the transition
period from _____  to _____   

   

 Commission file number
0-31983 

   

 GARMIN
LTD. 

 (Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

   

 

   

 
 
     Switzerland 
         (State or other jurisdiction 
         of incorporation or organization) 
     98-0229227 
         (I.R.S. Employer Identification
        No.) 
 
       
       
 
     Mühlentalstrasse
        2 
         8200 Schaffhausen 
         Switzerland 
         (Address of
        principal executive offices) 
     N/A 
         (Zip Code) 
 
   

 Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code:  +41 52 630 1600 

   

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

   

 
 
     Registered
    Shares, CHF 0.10 Per Share Par Value 
       
     NASDAQ
    Global Select Market 
 
     (Title of each class) 
       
     (Name of each exchange
    on which registered) 
 
   

 Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES  þ
 NO  ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES  ¨
 NO  þ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES  þ
 NO  ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES  þ     NO
 ¨ 

   

 Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter)
is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  þ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

   

 
 
     Large
    Accelerated Filer   þ 
     Accelerated
    Filer  ¨ 
 
       
       
 
     Non-accelerated
    Filer  ¨ 
     Smaller
    reporting company  ¨ 
 
     (Do
    not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
 
   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 YES
 ¨      NO
 þ 

   

 Aggregate market value of the common shares
held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 25, 2016 (based on the closing price of the registrant's common shares on
the Nasdaq Stock Market for that date) was $4,939,741,064. 

   

 Number of shares outstanding of the registrant’s
common shares as of February 17, 2017: 

 Registered Shares, CHF 0.10 par value – 198,077,418 (including treasury shares) 

 Documents incorporated by reference: 

 Portions of the following document are incorporated herein
by reference into Part III of the Form 10-K as indicated: 

   

 
 
     Document   
     Part
    of Form 10-K into   which Incorporated 
 
     Company's Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be
    filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2016.   
     Part III 
 

   


 
       
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. 

   

 2016 Form 10-K
Annual Report 

   

 Table of Contents 

   

 
 
       
     Cautionary Statement With Respect To Forward-Looking Comments 
     3 
 
       
       
       
 
     Part I 
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 1. 
     Business 
     3 
 
     Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors 
     19 
 
     Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments 
     31 
 
     Item 2. 
     Properties 
     32 
 
     Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings 
     33 
 
     Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures 
     37 
 
       
     Executive Officers of the Registrant 
     37 
 
       
       
       
 
     Part II 
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
     38 
 
     Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data 
     40 
 
     Item 7. 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
     42 
 
     Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     57 
 
     Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
     59 
 
     Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
     93 
 
     Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures 
     93 
 
     Item 9B. 
     Other Information 
     95 
 
       
       
       
 
     Part III 
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
     96 
 
     Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation 
     97 
 
     Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
     97 
 
     Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
     98 
 
     Item 14. 
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
     98 
 
       
       
       
 
     Part IV 
 
       
       
       
 
     Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
     99 
 
     Item 16. 
     Form 10-K Summary 
     105 
 
       
     Signatures 
     107 
 
   


 
       
       
     

   

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
WITH RESPECT TO FORWARD-LOOKING COMMENTS 

   

 The discussions set
forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain statements concerning potential future events. Such forward-looking statements
are based upon assumptions by the Company's management, as of the date of this Annual Report, including assumptions about risks
and uncertainties faced by the Company. In addition, management may make forward-looking statements orally or in other writings,
including, but not limited to, in press releases, in the annual report to shareholders and in the Company’s other filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of such verbs
as “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes” or similar verbs or conjugations of such verbs. Forward-looking
statements include any discussion of the trends and other factors that drive our business and future results in “Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations.” Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their date. If any of management's assumptions
prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, the Company's actual results could materially differ from those anticipated
by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors including,
but not limited to, those factors identified under Item 1A “Risk Factors.” Readers are strongly encouraged to consider
those factors when evaluating any forward-looking statements concerning the Company. The Company does not undertake to update
any forward-looking statements in this Annual Report to reflect future events or developments. 

   

 Part I 

   

 Item
1.	 Business 

     

 

 This discussion of the
business of Garmin Ltd. ("Garmin" or the "Company") should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by
reference to, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under Item 7
herein and the information set forth in response to Item 101 of Regulation S-K in such Item 7 is incorporated herein by reference
in partial response to this Item 1. Garmin has identified five reportable segments for external reporting purposes: auto, aviation,
marine, outdoor and fitness. There are two operating segments (auto PND and auto OEM) that are not reported separately but are
aggregated within the auto reportable segment. Each operating segment is individually reviewed and evaluated by our Chief Operating
Decision Maker (CODM), who allocates resources and assesses performance of each segment individually. The segment and geographic
information included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” under Note 8 is incorporated herein
by reference in partial response to this Item 1. 



 

    

 Garmin was incorporated
in Switzerland on February 9, 2010 as successor to Garmin Ltd., a Cayman Islands company (“Garmin Cayman”). Garmin
Cayman was incorporated on July 24, 2000 as a holding company for Garmin Corporation, a Taiwan corporation, in order to facilitate
a public offering of Garmin Cayman shares in the United States. On June 27, 2010, Garmin became the ultimate parent holding company
of the Garmin group of companies pursuant to a share exchange transaction effected for the purpose of changing the place of incorporation
of the ultimate parent holding company of the Garmin group from the Cayman Islands to Switzerland (the “Redomestication”).
Pursuant to the Redomestication, all issued and outstanding Garmin Cayman common shares were transferred to Garmin and each common
share, par value U.S. $0.005 per share, of Garmin Cayman was exchanged for one registered share, par value 10 Swiss francs (CHF)
per share, of Garmin. At the Company’s Annual General Meeting on June 10, 2016, the Company’s shareholders approved
the cancellation of 10,000,000 registered shares of the Company held by the Company (the “Formation Shares”) and the
reduction in par value of each share of the Company from CHF 10 to CHF 0.10 and the amendment of the Company’s Articles
of Association to effect a corresponding share capital reduction. This share cancellation has reduced authorized shares from 208,077,418
shares to 198,077,418 shares, with an incremental 99,038,709 conditional shares that may be issued through the exercise of option
rights, which are granted to Garmin employees or members of its Board of Directors. Garmin owns, directly or indirectly, all of
the operating companies in the Garmin group. 

   


 
       3   
       
     

   

 Garmin’s annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statement and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by
Garmin’s directors and executive officers and all amendments to those reports will be made available free of charge through
the Investor Relations section of Garmin’s website (http://www.garmin.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after such
material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The SEC
maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 

   

 The reference to Garmin’s
website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on this website, and such information
should not be considered part of this report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Company Overview  

   

 For over 25 years,
Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries (together, the “Company”) has pioneered new Global Positioning System (GPS) navigation
and wireless devices and applications that are designed for people who live an active lifestyle. Garmin serves five primary business
units, including auto, aviation, fitness, marine, and outdoor. We believe it is through these business units that Garmin is able
to achieve synergies in raw material purchases, manufacturing, distribution, research and development and marketing efforts making
for a stronger, more effective company. Garmin designs, develops, manufactures, markets and distributes a diverse family of hand-held,
wearable, portable and fixed-mount GPS-enabled products and other navigation, communications, sensor-based and information products.
Since the inception of its business, Garmin has delivered over 173 million products, which includes the delivery of more than
16 million products during 2016. 

   

 Overview of the Global Positioning System  

   

 The Global Positioning
System is a worldwide navigation system which enables the precise determination of geographic location using established satellite
technology. The system consists of numerous constellations of orbiting satellites. Access to the systems is provided free of charge. 

   

 Garmin utilizes a variety
of global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) including, but not limited to: 

 
 · The
                                         satellites and their ground control and monitoring stations maintained and operated by
                                         the United States Department of Defense, which maintains an ongoing satellite replenishment
                                         program to ensure continuous global system coverage.  

 
 · Japan’s
                                         MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS) which achieved initial operating capability
                                         for enroute, terminal and approach navigation for aviation on September 27, 2007. 

 
 · The
                                         European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) aviation Safety of Life (SoL)
                                         service which achieved initial operating capability for enroute, terminal, and approach
                                         navigation on March 2, 2011. 

 
 · The
                                         Global Navigation Satellite System (GLONASS), a space-based satellite navigation system
                                         operated by the Russian Federation, consisting of 24 satellites and providing world-wide
                                         coverage. In certain urban canyon or restricted sky visibility situations, the use of
                                         both GPS and GLONASS satellites to produce a navigation fix may result in improved accuracy.
                                          

 
 · On
                                         a subscription basis, certain Garmin products offer access to the Iridium satellite network,
                                         a synchronized constellation of 66 low Earth orbit (LEO) satellites offering global data
                                         communication coverage. The Iridium network is the only network that spans the entire
                                         globe, offering 100 percent coverage worldwide to enable satellite-based communication. 

   

 The accuracy and utility
of GPS can be enhanced through augmentation techniques which compute any remaining errors in the signal and broadcast these corrections
to a GPS device. The Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) has developed a Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS)
comprising ground reference stations and additional satellites that improve the accuracy of GPS positioning available in the United
States and most of Canada and Mexico to approximately 3 meters. WAAS supports the use of GPS as the primary means of enroute,
terminal and approach navigation for aviation in the United States. The increased accuracy offered by WAAS also enhances the utility
of WAAS-enabled GPS receivers for consumer applications. 

   


 
       4   
       
     

   

 Products  

   

 Garmin offers a broad range of solutions
across its reportable segments as outlined below. In general,   Garmin believes that its products are known for their value,
high performance, ease of use, innovation, and ergonomics.  

   

 Auto 

   

 Garmin offers a broad range of auto navigation
products, as well as a variety of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market.  Garmin currently offers
to consumers around the world: 

   

 Personal
Navigation Devices (PND) –  

   

 

 
 PNDs combine a full-featured GPS navigator (with built-in maps) with Garmin’s uniquely simple
user interface. PNDs are sold under the Garmin Drive™, zūmo®, dēzl™, RV and Garmin fleet™ product
lines. The zūmo series offers motorcycle-specific features. RV series offers features specific to the RV enthusiast. The dēzl
series offers over-the-road trucking features while the Garmin fleet series delivers an integrated tracking and dispatch fleet
system. Across the expansive product portfolio, Garmin offers features such as large screens, integrated traffic receivers for
traffic avoidance, bundled lifetime map updates, spoken street names, voice activated navigation, speed limit indication, lane
assist with PhotoReal junction views - thousands of high quality photos of actual upcoming junctions, Bluetooth hands-free capability,
DashCams/Passenger Cams, driver awareness alerts, and backup cameras. In fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, the Garmin Drive (formerly,
nüvi®) class of products represented approximately 16%, 22%, and 27% of Garmin’s total consolidated revenues, respectively. 



   

 Original
Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Solutions –  

   

 Garmin has cultivated key
relationships with many OEMs, where we provide a host of solutions. These range from complete embedded infotainment systems
that provide a broad range of functionality, to integrated camera solutions, embedded navigation solutions,  and precise
positioning technology solutions. These support not only the infotainment system in the vehicle, but also key advanced
driver-assistance systems (ADAS) functionality as well. 

   

 Mobile
Applications –  

   

 
 Garmin offers mobile applications under
                                         the Garmin ®  and NAVIGON ®  product names.  The applications are offered across
                                         a broad range of smartphones and tablets including iOS, Android and Windows enabled devices. 
                                         These applications provide users turn-by-turn, voice-prompted directions and other advanced
                                         Garmin navigation features. The Smartphone Link mobile application allows a compatible
                                         Garmin navigator to connect to a compatible smartphone. Information can be shared between
                                         the smartphone and the navigator including notifications, contacts, search results, driving
                                         destination, and even parking location. Additional Garmin Live Services can be accessed
                                         through Smartphone Link for useful, real-time driving information. 

   


 
       5   
       
     

   

 Action
Cameras  –   

   

 

 Garmin offers VIRB® action cameras
that capture footage up to 4K/30fps with digital image stabilization, voice or wireless remote control, and the ability to take
high quality still photographs while the video camera is recording. VIRB action cameras offer built-in Wi-Fi, data sensors and
a high-sensitivity GPS receiver to add speed, elevation, G-force, heart rate, and other data onto video through our VIRB ®
 Edit application. 



     

 Outdoor 

   

 Garmin
offers a broad range of products designed for use in outdoor activities .  Garmin currently
offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Outdoor
Handhelds –  

   

 

 
 Outdoor
handhelds range from basic waypoints navigation capabilities to advanced color touchscreen devices offering barometric altimeter,
3-axis compass, camera, microSD™ card slot for optional customized maps, Bluetooth for smartphone connectivity, and other
features. Outdoor handhelds are sold under the Oregon®, Rino®, Montana®, eTrex®, GPSMAP®, and inReach®
product lines. Each series of products is designed to serve various price points and niche activity categories. The Rino series
of handhelds offers two-way Family Radio Service (FRS) and General Mobile Radio Service (GMRS) that integrate two-way voice communications.
The Oregon® series include numerous features such as Active Weather for up-to-date forecasts and animated weather, as well
as Geocaching Live for wireless integration with Geocaching.com. Handhelds with inReach® global satellite technology offer
2-way text messaging, S.O.S. capabilities, along with GPS navigation and tracking. 
 
   

 Wearable
Devices – 

   

 
 Garmin offers
                                         GPS ruggedized smartwatches for outdoor activity. The fēnix ® 
                                         series provides advanced multisport features for hiking, climbing, skiing, running, cycling,
                                         and swimming with several different styling options, including premium jeweler’s
                                         grade materials available in the fēnix Chronos models. The fēnix series also
                                         offers a variety of navigational tools and connected features, as well as Elevate ™
                                         wrist heart rate technology for certain models . The tactix ® 
                                          provides features inspired by the requirements of law enforcement
                                         and police special operations. 

   

 Golf
Devices  – 

   

 

 The Approach®
series of golf-focused devices includes both handhelds and wrist-worn products with over 40,000 preloaded worldwide golf courses.
The offerings range from basic display of yardages to the front, back and middle of greens to advanced, touchscreen devices providing
measurement of individual shot distances and display of the slope-adjusted yardage to fairways, hazards and greens. The X40 model
also includes Garmin Elevate ™ wrist heart rate technology . A statistic-tracking feature
allows users to track and analyze their golf statistics through the Garmin Connect™ application. Some devices include swing
metrics, which gives audible tones to fine-tune swing tempo, an internal compass which provides directional assistance to the pin
on blind shots, manual pin positioning, which allows users to tap and drag the flag on the green for precise yardage to the flag,
and the ability to display emails, text messages and alerts. 



   


 
       6   
       
     

   

 Dog
Tracking and Training/Pet Obedience Devices –  

   

 
 

 
 Garmin offers a series of dog-focused products
                                         providing a range of functionality including GPS-enabled dog tracking, electronic dog
                                         training, and electronic bark correction. The products are offered under the Astro ® ,
                                         Alpha ® , PRO, Sport PRO ™ , BarkLimiter™,
                                         Delta ®  and Delta Smart™ product lines. The Astro series can pinpoint multiple
                                         dogs’ positions at one time through all-weather collars and a handheld system,
                                         and can also connect to a variety of compatible Garmin devices such as the Garmin DriveTrack ™
                                         70 GPS navigator or certain fēnix ®  series watches to display dog positions .
                                         Alpha combines the tracking capabilities of Astro with electronic dog training.  
                                         The BarkLimiter is an intuitive electronic bark correction device. The Delta and PRO
                                         series of training collars offers a remote training device with integrated bark limiting
                                         capability for consumer and professional dog training markets.  Delta Smart is
                                         a dog training device and activity tracker that connects to the Garmin CANINE™
                                         smartphone app, enabling pet owners to monitor their dog’s activity and behavior
                                         directly from their smartphone, and give highly customized, or automated training corrections. 

   

 Fitness 

   

 Garmin offers a broad
range of products designed for use in fitness and activity tracking. Garmin currently offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Running/Multi-Sport Watches –
 

   

 

 
 The Forerunner® series offers compact, lightweight training watches for athletes with integrated
GPS sensors that provide time, speed, distance, pace and other data. Most models also offer a heart rate monitoring function and
heart rate based calorie computation. In 2016, Garmin added the Forerunner 35, providing an entry level running watch with Garmin
Elevate™ wrist-based heart rate monitoring solution. All models allow runners to upload their data to the Garmin Connect™
application, where they can store, analyze and share their workout data. Additional advanced features include: Virtual Racer™,
which allows runners to race against their previous best times, recovery advisor, race predictor and VO2 max estimate. Some models
are designed specifically for triathletes. These all-in-one GPS-enabled devices provide detailed swim metrics and track distance,
speed/pace, elevation and heart rate for running and cycling. 



   

 Cycling
Computers –	 

   

 
 The Edge ®  series measures speed, distance,
                                         time, calories burned, climb and descent, and altitude offering an integrated personal
                                         training system designed for cyclists. In addition, Garmin offers devices geared toward
                                         performance-driven cyclists offering real-time connectivity through a smartphone, providing
                                         live tracking, social media sharing and real-time weather updates. 

   

 Cycling
Power Meter – 

   

 

 
 Garmin offers Vector™, which is a high-precision pedal-based power meter designed specifically
for cyclists. It provides power data to compatible devices with (or using) ANT+® technology. Some models also measure and present
right and left leg power balance. 



 

   


 
       7   
       
     

   

 Cycling
Safety and Awareness – 

   

 

 
 Garmin offers the Varia™ product line focused on cycling safety and awareness. Varia bike
radar alerts cyclists when vehicles are approaching from behind and Varia bike lights make the cyclist more visible when out on
the road. Varia Vision™ is a heads up display that makes data available to the cyclist in their line of sight, so they don’t
need to always look down at their Edge cycling computer while they are moving. 



   

 Activity
Tracking Devices – 

   

 
 Garmin offers numerous devices to address
                                         the growing activity tracking market. The vívofit ®  fitness bands provide a
                                         personalized daily goal, track progress and remind users when it’s time to move.
                                         The devices feature a one-year battery life with an always-on display that show steps,
                                         goal countdown, calories, distance, time of day and heart rate when paired with a monitor.
                                         vívofit 3 added Garmin Move IQ™ auto activity detection. The vívosmart ® 
                                         HR and vívosmart ®  HR+ bands provide the same functions as the vívofit
                                         3 but also include Garmin Elevate™, smart notifications and a vibration alert.
                                         The vívosmart HR+ also incorporates GPS, allowing users to even more accurately
                                         track distance, time and pace for their activities, as well as view a map of their activity
                                         on Garmin Connect™. vívoactive ®  and vívoactive ®  HR are smartwatches
                                         focused on the active lifestyle consumer with all the basic activity tracking features
                                         along with applications designed for running, cycling and swimming and includes connectivity
                                         to the Connect IQ™ application store for further customizations and capabilities.
                                         vívoactive HR includes Garmin Elevate and Move IQ. 

   

 Garmin
Connect and Garmin Connect Mobile – 

   

 
 Garmin Connect™ and Garmin Connect™
                                         Mobile are web and mobile platforms where users can track and analyze their fitness and
                                         wellness data. In addition, users can share their accomplishments, create training groups
                                         and group challenges, and get feedback and encouragement from the Connect community. 

 

   

 Marine
 

   

 Garmin offers a broad
range of products designed for use in the recreational marine industry. Garmin currently offers to consumers around the world: 

   

 Chartplotters
and Multi-Function Displays (MFDs)  – 

   

 
 Garmin offers
                                         numerous chartplotters/MFDs under the GPSMAP ®  and echoMAP™ product lines. The
                                         offerings range from 4-inch portable and fix-mounted products to 24-inch fully-integrated
                                         Glass Helm offerings. Cartography options range from US coastal and inland lake mapping
                                         including worldwide basemaps to highly detailed BlueChart ®  g2 Vision ®  and LakeVü
                                         HD Ultra charts offering auto-guidance, 3-D chart views and aerial reference photos.
                                         BlueChart g2 Vision and LakeVü HD Ultra include Garmin’s most detailed cartography
                                         created based on surveys by Garmin’s fleet of high tech boats. 
                                         In 2016, Garmin Quickdraw™ Contours was introduced, a feature which allows customers
                                         to generate their own fishing charts while they cruise around the lake. Additional advanced
                                         features and connectivity available include smartphone applications that wirelessly send
                                         weather data to your plotter and remotely access your helm electronics. Additionally,
                                         most models have the CHIRP sonar function fully integrated to reduce system cost.  
                                          Our chartplotters also support “plug-and-play” access to onboard sensors
                                         and Garmin accessories with NMEA 2000, Garmin Marine Network (a system that combines
                                         GPS, radar, SiriusXM WX Satellite Weather, sonar, and other components) and the FUSION-Link™
                                         entertainment interface.  

   


 
       8   
       
     

   

 Fishfinders
–  

   

 
 Garmin offers a new advanced line of fishfinders,
                                         the Striker™ series, which incorporate GPS technology. These fishfinders are available
                                         in screen sizes from 4 to 7 inches and are paired with our latest technology sonar transducers
                                         to provide the clearest sonar pictures on the water. ClearVü sonar is offered on
                                         the 4-, 5- and 7-inch models which provides high resolution images of what is under the
                                         boat. The 7-inch model also offers a SideVü option which provides similar high resolution
                                         images but reaches much further out on either side of the boat making the search for
                                         fish more efficient. The GPS technology enables anglers to mark their best fishing spots
                                         and then easily return to them next weekend, next month, or next year. An additional
                                         bonus with GPS on board is that Striker can provide very accurate speed data which boaters
                                         will enjoy. 

   

 Sounders
–  

   

 
 Garmin offers “black-box” sounders
                                         and “smart transducers” which interface with Garmin MFDs to enhance their
                                         utility by providing the depth sounder and fish finder functions in a remote mounted
                                         package. The black boxes provide CHIRP, ClearVü, and SideVü sonar similar to
                                         our integrated sonar plotters, but can be mounted in a more convenient location away
                                         from the helm. Additionally, we offer up to 3kW transmit power with our black box line-up
                                         which will reach deeper depths for ocean use. Our newest smart transducer line is Panoptix ™ .
                                         It uses new technology to provide detailed images that can be seen real-time (LiveVü).
                                         Panoptix also offers 3D sonar views to give a good perspective of the landscape underneath
                                         the water. The RealVü 3D and 3D historical views are available in thru-hull and
                                         transom mount versions of our Panoptix Down product. In 2016, Garmin introduced FrontVü
                                         (forward looking sonar) based on Panoptix technology. With the PS51 or PS21 FrontVü
                                         you can see 8 to 10 times the depth in front of you up to 300 feet. 

   

 Autopilot Systems – 

   

 
 

 
 Garmin offers full-featured marine autopilot
                                         systems designed for sailboats and powerboats. The systems incorporate such features
                                         as: Garmin’s patented Shadow Drive™ technology, which automatically disengages
                                         the autopilot if the helm is turned, remote steering and speed control, and integration
                                         with the Volvo Penta IPS steering and propulsion system. Garmin has also introduced steer-by-wire
                                         autopilot capabilities for various steering systems. 

   

 Radar
–	 

   

 
 In 2016, Garmin introduced the solid state
                                         Fantom™ radar with MotionScope™ Doppler technology, lowering system power
                                         consumption while greatly improving situational awareness of the captain. MotionScope
                                         can instantly show if a target is closing on you or safely going in the other direction.
                                         Garmin offers both radomes and open array radar products with compatibility to any network-compatible
                                         Garmin chartplotter. When paired with our newer MFDs, the radars support dual-range mode
                                         so users can operate the radar in two ranges independently. The Garmin radar solutions
                                         range from 18 inches to 6 feet antennas and from 4kW (or equivalent) up to 25kW with
                                         a maximum range of 96 nautical miles. 

   

 Instruments
– 

   

 
 Garmin offers NMEA 2000 and NMEA 0183 compliant
                                         instrument displays that show data from multiple remote sensors on one screen. Mariners
                                         can display instrument data such as depth, speed through the water, water temperature,
                                         fuel flow rate, engine data, fuel level, wind direction and more, depending upon the
                                         specific sensors connected. Garmin instruments range from 4 to 10 inches, and the 10-inch
                                         mast mounted displays provide maximum visibility around the vessel. 

   


 
       9   
       
     

   

 VHF
Communication Radios – 

   

 
 Garmin provides marine radios with differing
                                         feature sets for the radio needs of all types of mariners. The  entry-level
                                         radio is NMEA 0183 compatible, while the premium radio is designed for 35+ foot boats,
                                         is NMEA 2000 and NMEA 0183 compatible, offers multi-station support, and monitors all
                                         AIS channels at the same time.  

   

 Handhelds
and Wrist-worn Devices –  

   

 
 Garmin offers a m arine-friendly
                                         GPS handheld featuring a 3-axis tilt-compensated electronic compass, wireless data transfer
                                         between compatible units and preloaded cartography for the coastal United States. Also
                                         offered for mariners is the quatix ® 3, Garmin’s second generation GPS watch
                                         designed for mariners, combining marine features for navigation and sailing capabilities
                                         while integrating Garmin’s GPS technology and interface.  

   

 Sailing
– 

   

 
 Garmin has integrated many basic and advanced
                                         sailing features into our MFD and instrument systems. These SailAssist features include
                                         enhanced wind rose with true and apparent wind data, pre-race guidance, synchronized
                                         race timer, virtual starting line, time to burn and lay line data fields. 

   

 Entertainment
–  

   

 

 Garmin’s
entertainment brand, FUSION ® , consists of marine audio head units, speakers and amplifiers.
These products are designed specifically for the marine or RV environments and support many connectivity options for integrating
with MFDs and smartphones on your boat for the best user experience on the market. The FUSION StereoACTIVE ™ 
is the first portable stereo with an IPX7 water rating and actually floats. It is perfect for watersports activities or anywhere
you want music around the water. The StereoACTIVE has an optional safe for storing items in a water tight compartment. 



 

    

 
 Aviation 

   

 Garmin’s aviation
business segment is a leading provider of solutions to aircraft manufacturers, existing aircraft owners and operators, as well
as military and government customers and serves a range of aircraft including transport aircraft, business aviation, general aviation,
experimental/light sport, helicopters, optionally piloted vehicles (OPV), unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) and more. Garmin’s
portfolio includes navigation, communication, flight control, hazard avoidance, weather radar, radar altimeter, datalink weather,
traffic collision avoidance systems, terrain awareness and warning systems (TAWS), controller-pilot data link (CPDLC), an expansive
suite of automatic dependent surveillance broadcast (ADS-B) solutions, in-cockpit and cloud connectivity, automated logbook, voice
and touch control, wearables, portables, apps and other products and services that are known for innovation, reliability, and
value. The list below includes a sampling of some of the aviation capabilities currently offered by Garmin  around the world: 

   


 
       10   
       
     

   

 Integrated
Avionics Systems/Flight Decks  – 

   

 
 Garmin offers a range of integrated glass
                                         flight displays and flight decks from the G3X™ for the experimental and light-sport
                                         aircraft market to the G5000 ®  for business aviation, military and commercial applications.
                                         Basic capabilities integrated include: navigation, communication, attitude, weather,
                                         terrain, traffic, ADS-B, engine information on large high-resolution color displays,
                                         and automatic flight control systems. More advanced features include: Garmin’s
                                         3-D synthetic vision technology (SVT™), weather, Garmin’s electronic stability
                                         and protection system (ESP™), electronic flight charts, touchscreen and voice controls,
                                         CPDLC, audio and visual feedback, and animation to help pilots know exactly how the system
                                         is responding to their input. 

   

 
 Garmin offers similar integrated glass avionics
                                         for the helicopter market with the G500H, G1000H ®  and G5000H ® . Basic and advanced
                                         capabilities are similar to those offered to the aircraft market. The helicopter offerings
                                         have been optimized for rotorcraft and offer features like helicopter synthetic vision
                                         technology (HSVT™), helicopter terrain awareness and warning system with voice
                                         call outs, radar altimeter display, helicopter-specific databases that include additional
                                         heliports and low-altitude obstacles, WireAware™ wire-strike avoidance technology,
                                         as well as high resolution terrain, tailored ADS-B traffic alerting, and the ability
                                         to display video from a forward looking infrared (FLIR) camera or other video sources. 

   

 
 Garmin also offers all-glass integrated
                                         avionics to the retrofit market through the G500, G600, G950 ® , G1000 ® , G1000 ® 
                                         NXi and G5000 ® . These solutions provide electronic flight displays that work with
                                         separate Garmin avionics to provide essential information such as attitude, air data,
                                         weather, terrain, traffic and much more. In addition, upgraded systems also allow for
                                         the display and control of such data as altitude preselects and vertical speed, DME distance,
                                         radar altitude, analog navigation data and much more. 

   

 Panel-mount
aviation products – 

   

 GPS/Navigation/Communication Solutions
–  

   

 

 
 Garmin serves the market with the GTN™ series, a premium touchscreen
GPS, VHF navigation and communication, and multi-function display (MFD). In addition to these core functions, this series of products
combines a wealth of information for the pilot into a single display including flight planning, datalink weather, weather radar,
traffic, terrain awareness and warning system (TAWS/HTAWS), charts, airport information, airspace boundaries, and much more. Additional
capabilities provide advanced ADS-B in traffic display, including TerminalTraffic™ and patented TargetTrend™ technology
as well as the ability to control the display with voice commands. The GTN series provides wireless cockpit connectivity (when
properly equipped) that includes voice calling, text messaging and position reporting as well as automatic, wireless database updating
via Database Concierge as well as wireless flight plan transfer, SiriusXM radio control, sharing of weather, traffic, position
information and much more with a portable device like a tablet with the Garmin Pilot™ app. Advanced integration provides
the option to install and remotely control a transponder and audio processor for an even more streamlined and single interface.
More traditional VHF navigation and VHF communication receivers are available with the GNC ® 
and GTR™ series.  



 

   

 
 Traffic Solutions – 

   

 
 

 
 Garmin offers a comprehensive line of traffic
                                         alert and collision avoidance systems (TCAS) and traffic advisory systems (TAS) for all
                                         markets served. Advanced TCAS II systems actively identify potential aircraft threats,
                                         coordinate and instruct the pilot with a resolution advisory (RA) via a spoken command.
                                         The GTS™ series also offers TCAS I and TAS that combine active and passive surveillance
                                         data to pinpoint specific  traffic threats. The systems use
                                         our patented CLEAR CAS™ technology and correlate passive automatic dependent surveillance
                                         broadcast (ADS-B) targets with active surveillance targets for a more comprehensive display
                                         to the pilot . The system provides audible alerts in a spoken ATC-like format that
                                         are easily understood by the pilot and allows them to keep their eyes outside of the
                                         aircraft. 

   


 
       11   
       
     

   

 Audio Solutions – 

   

 
 The GMA™ series of audio panels ranging
                                         from offerings with basic capabilities for the recreational pilot to advanced capabilities
                                         including  voice control of audio panel and GTN™ series
                                         functions, Bluetooth connectivity for wireless music input, phone calls and VIRB ® 
                                          action camera audio output, advanced audio effects, 3D spatial
                                         audio processing, digital voice recorder, advanced auto squelch, ambient noise based
                                         volume adjustment  and independent pilot/co-pilot communications capabilities.
                                         When connected to a Garmin GTN series navigator, advanced voice control functions are
                                         available, and include the ability for the audio panel to speak back the current position,
                                         weather conditions and more. 

   

 
 Transponder and ADS-B Solutions – 

   

 
 For all of the markets served, Garmin offers
                                         solutions that meet and exceed the FAA’s ADS-B out mandate that requires all aircraft
                                         operating in select U.S. airspace (typically where a Mode C or S transponder is required
                                         today) to equip by 2020. For business aviation aircraft, Garmin offers both the GTX 3000
                                         transponder and GDL ®  88 datalink for both ADS-B out and in while mitigating the need
                                         to modify the existing aircraft panel. 

   

 Business aviation, general aviation,
helicopters and experimental/light sport aircraft can utilize our popular GTX 345 series of all-in-one ADS-B transponders that
offer options with and without GPS built-in (if the aircraft is not already equipped with mandate required GPS source) as well
as ADS-B in. ADS-B in can be displayed on compatible Garmin displays like G1000, GTN, G500/G600 as well as select third party
displays and wirelessly transmitted to a portable device like a tablet using the Garmin Pilot app or compatible Garmin portable.
ADS-B in offers pilots basic weather information including weather radar imagery, as well as advanced display of traffic with
our TerminalTraffic and patented TargetTrend technology. 

   

 

 
 Garmin also offers a range of FAA certified UAT-based ADS-B products within the GDL® series,
including ADS-B out and ADS-B in as standard options for built-in GPS. 



 

   

 All of these products provide
traffic correlation with both Garmin and other compatible third party traffic systems such as TCAS to provide a single display
of traffic to the pilot. Some products also offer the option for diversity (dual) antenna installation. 

   

 
 Weather Solutions – 

   

 
 Weather capabilities are delivered within
                                         our GDL ® , GSR, GSX, GTX and GWX™ series. Garmin solutions include offering
                                         SiriusXM satellite data link weather information (subscription required) to an aircraft
                                         via various panel-mount Garmin displays and/or portable devices. With our GSR 56 datalink,
                                         on-demand global weather information, text/voice communications and position tracking
                                         through the Iridium satellite network (subscription required) is available. The GWX and
                                         GSX series offer solid state, real-time, airborne doppler-capable weather radar solutions.
                                         Doppler-enhanced features include ground-clutter suppression and turbulence detection. 

   


 
       12   
       
     

   

 Portable
and Wearable Solutions  – 

   

 
 Garmin offers a variety of portable aviation
                                         solutions, including our aera ®  series portable navigators, VIRB ®  aviation action
                                         cameras, D2™ series pilot watches and GDL ®  39 series remote GPS/ADS-B receivers.
                                         The aera series offers aviators a touchscreen navigation device compatible with a complement
                                         of aviation databases including navigation, SafeTaxi ® , FliteCharts ® , airport
                                         directory and terrain/obstacles for heightened situational awareness. Advanced features
                                         include: 3D Vision virtual perspective view of surrounding terrain, a digital document
                                         viewer, a scratch pad, geo-referenced sectional and approach charts, wireless database
                                         updating, SiriusXM radio and weather (subscription required). Complementing the portable
                                         display products and the Garmin Pilot™ tablet application is the GDL 39 which provides
                                         a remote source of GPS and ADS-B “In” information for traffic and weather. 

   

 

 The Garmin wearable aviation solutions
include our D2™ series pilot watches, which offers a built-in worldwide aviation navigation database and more alongside multisport
and smartwatch features. Designed specifically for aviators, the D2 series can display weather information (METARS and TAFs), current
position overlaid on a moving map, HSI navigation, Zulu/UTC time and more. With a built-in baro-adjustable altimeter, vibrating
alerts based on altitude can be activated to remind a pilot to activate supplemental oxygen or perform other time critical tasks.
Multisport features include wrist-based heart rate monitoring and smartwatch capabilities include notification and previews of
phone calls, text messages, emails and more. Our VIRB® aviation action camera products provide pilots a comprehensive solution
to record their flights, with the ability to integrate air traffic control communications to the audio recording, filter out prop
distortion and overlay speed, altitude, G-force and more for enhanced post flight analysis. 



 

     

 Mobile
Application s – 

   

 

 
 Garmin Pilot™ is a premium, global app for iOS or Android mobile devices used for flight
planning, filing a flight plan, in flight navigation, and automatic flight logging. It offers a comprehensive and simplified experience
to access a wealth of information during any particular phase of the flight including weight and balance, performance, trip calculations,
checklists, airport information, weather, traffic, 3D Vision virtual perspective view of surrounding terrain, a digital document
viewer, a scratch pad, geo-referenced sectional and approach charts, wireless database updating, ADS-B weather and traffic, SiriusXM
radio and weather (subscription required). It incorporates global navigation databases and charting options from Garmin as well
as Jeppesen charts. While internet connected, the app provides access to comprehensive global weather information, as available
per region, that generally includes weather radar, weather report (METARS), forecasts (TAFs), weather alerts (AIRMETS/SIGMETS),
pilot reports, satellite imagery (visible and IR), winds and temperature aloft, lightning data, and notices to airmen (NOTAM).
Garmin Pilot is the cornerstone of Garmin’s connected cockpit, for example when connected wirelessly with G1000® NXi
or GTN™, a host of benefits become available including automated database updates for the avionics, flight plan transfer,
weather and traffic streaming and much more. Garmin Pilot is also wirelessly compatible with select aera® series, D2™
aviator watches, G3X™ Touch flight displays, GTX series transponders, VIRB® action cameras and much more. 



 

   

 Aviation
Databases, Extended Warranties and Subscription Services – 

   

 

 Garmin offers a wide selection of
databases, extended warranties and subscription services to complement our products. Our database offerings include Navigation
Data, Obstacles, SafeTaxi enhanced airport diagrams, Terrain, Basemap and more. Some of these databases are required by government
regulations to be updated regularly for legal flight, and Garmin offers single updates as well as annual subscriptions for owners
and operators to update all of an aircraft's qualifying avionics systems at a single price. With a database subscription and compatible
avionics, owners and operators can conveniently and wirelessly transfer the latest database updates to their avionics via a tablet
running our Garmin Pilot mobile application.   

 

   


 
       13   
       
     

   

 

 To further our award winning support
and standard warranties, we offer fixed price extended warranties for upgrade avionics and integrated flight decks that allow owners
and operators peace of mind and predictable maintenance costs. These further our standard warranty periods with world-class factory
technical service, 24/7 aircraft-on-ground (AOG) emergency service and more. 



 

   

 Our comprehensive satellite datalink
network provides owners and operators with the compatible avionics, a global weather, voice calling, text messaging and position
reporting solution. Global weather includes radar imagery, cloud cover, METARs, TAFs and much more for any point on the globe
where the data is available (weather products vary by region). 

   

 Sales and Marketing  

   

 

 Garmin’s non-aviation
products are sold in approximately 100 countries through a vast worldwide network of independent dealers and distributors, who
meet our sales and customer service qualifications. No single customer’s purchases represented 10% or more of Garmin’s
consolidated net sales in the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014. Marketing support is provided
geographically from Garmin’s offices around the world. Garmin’s distribution strategy is intended to increase Garmin’s
global penetration and presence while maintaining high quality standards to ensure end-user satisfaction.   

 

   

 Garmin’s U.S.
consumer product sales are handled through its network of dealers and distributors who are serviced by a staff of regional sales
managers and in-house sales associates. Garmin’s Europe, Middle East, Australia/New Zealand and Africa consumer product
sales are handled through our in-country subsidiaries or local distributors who resell to dealers. Working closely with Garmin’s
in-house sales and marketing staff in the U.K. and U.S., these in-country subsidiaries or independent distributors are responsible
for inventory levels and staff training requirements at each retail location. Garmin’s Taiwan-based marketing team handles
the Company’s Asia sales and marketing effort. Some of Garmin’s larger consumer products dealers and distributors
include: 

   

 
 · Amazon.com —internet
                                         retailer; 

 
 · Best
                                         Buy —one of the largest U.S. and Canadian electronics retailers; 

 
 · Halfords— a
                                         large European retailer specializing in car parts and accessories; and 

 
 · Wal-Mart— the
world’s largest mass retailer 
 

   

 

 Garmin’s retrofit
avionics and aviation portable products are sold through select aviation dealers around the world and, in the case of aviation
portable products, also through catalogs and pilot shops. Garmin’s largest aviation dealers include Aircraft Spruce &
Specialty Co., Elliott Aviation, Gulf Coast Avionics Corp., Sarasota Avionics, and Sportsman’s Market. Avionics dealers have
the training, equipment and certified staff required for installation of Garmin’s avionics equipment. 



 

    

 In addition to the
traditional distribution channels mentioned, Garmin has many relationships with original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). In the
auto segment, Garmin’s products are sold globally to automotive and motorcycle OEMs, either directly or through tier 2 sourcing.
Some of Garmin’s larger OEM relationships include BMW Motorrad, Bombardier, Chrysler, Harley-Davidson, Honda, Mercedes Benz,
Polaris, Suzuki and Volkswagen. In the marine segment, Garmin’s products are standard equipment on various models of boats.
Some of the larger OEM relationships include Ranger Tugs, Cutwater Boats (a Division of Fluid Motion, LLC), Bayliner Boats (a
division of Brunswick Corporation), Bavaria Yacht, Chaparral Boats, Inc., Andros Boats, Inc., Edgewater Boats, LLC, Bennington
Marine, LLC, Cigarette Racing Team, LLC, Cobalt Boats, LLC, G3 Boats (a division of Yamaha Motor Corp.), Gulf Craft, Inc., Fairline
Boats, Ltd., Inha Works Ltd. and Regal Marine Industries, Inc. In the aviation market, Garmin’s avionics are either standard
equipment or options on various models of aircraft. Some of the larger OEM relationships include Airbus Helicopters, Bombardier,
Bell Helicopter-A Textron Company, Cirrus Aircraft, Daher, Diamond Aircraft, Embraer SA, Honda Aircraft, Leonardo, 
 Piper Aircraft, Inc., Quest Aircraft Company, Robinson Helicopter Company, Tecnam and Textron Aviation.   

   


 
       14   
       
     

   

 Competition  

   

 In general, we operate
in highly competitive markets though competitive conditions do vary among our diverse products and geographies.  Garmin believes
the principal competitive factors impacting the market for its products are design, functionality, quality and reliability, customer
service, brand, price, time-to-market and availability.  Garmin believes that it generally competes favorably in each of
these areas and as such, is generally a significant competitor in each of our major markets. 

   

 

 Garmin believes that its
principal competitors for portable automotive products are TomTom N.V. and MiTAC Digital Corporation (MiTAC) (which distributes
products under the brand names of Magellan, Mio, and Navman). Garmin believes that its principal competitors for infotainment solutions
are Harman International Industries, Panasonic Corporation, and the Mitsubishi Group. Garmin believes that its principal competitors
for outdoor product lines are Vista Outdoor, Magellan, a subsidiary of MiTAC, SportDOG Brand and Suunto Oy. Garmin believes that
its principal competitors for fitness products are Apple Inc., Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., Bryton Corp., Fitbit Inc., AliphCom
dba Jawbone, Polar Electro Oy, Sigma Sports, Suunto Oy and TomTom NV. For marine products, Garmin believes that its principal competitors
are Furuno Electronic Company, the Humminbird division of Johnson Outdoors, Inc., Navico and Flir Systems, Inc. For Garmin’s
aviation product lines, Garmin considers its principal competitors to be Aspen Avionics, Avidyne Corporation, CMC Electronics,
Free Flight Systems, Genesys Aerosystems, Honeywell Aerospace & Defense, Innovative Solutions and Support Inc., L-3 Avionics
Systems, Rockwell Collins, Inc., Sagem SA and Universal Avionics Systems Corporation. 



 

    

 Research and Development 

   

 Garmin’s product innovations are driven by its strong emphasis on research and development and the
close partnership between Garmin’s engineering and manufacturing teams. Garmin’s products are created by its engineering
and development staff, which numbered approximately 3,600 people worldwide as of December 31, 2016. Garmin’s manufacturing
staff includes manufacturing process engineers who work closely with Garmin’s design engineers to ensure manufacturability
and manufacturing cost control for its products. Garmin’s development staff includes industrial designers, as well as software
engineers, electrical engineers, mechanical engineers and cartographic engineers. Garmin believes the industrial design of its
products has played an important role in Garmin’s success. Once a development project is initiated and approved, a multi-disciplinary
team is created to design the product and transition it into manufacturing. 

   

 Below is a table of Garmin’s expenditures
on research and development over the last three fiscal years.   

   

 
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
     ($'s in thousands)   
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Research and development   
       467,960     
       427,043     
       395,121   
 
     Percent of net sales   
       15.5 %   
       15.1 %   
       13.8 % 
 

   

 Manufacturing and Operations  

   

 Garmin believes one
of its core competencies and strengths is its vertically integrated manufacturing capabilities at its Taiwan facilities in Xizhi,
Jhongli and LinKou, its China facility in Yangzhou, and at its U.S. facilities in Olathe, Kansas and Salem, Oregon. Garmin believes
that its ownership and operation of its own manufacturing facilities and distribution networks provides significant capability
and flexibility to address the breadth and depth of resources necessary to serve its diverse products and markets. 

   

 Specifically, Garmin
believes that its vertical integration of its manufacturing capabilities provides advantages to product cost, quality and time
to market. 

   


 
       15   
       
     

   

 Cost:  Garmin’s
manufacturing resources rapidly and iteratively prototype designs, concepts, products and processes, achieving higher efficiency,
resulting in lower cost. Garmin’s vertical integration approach enables leveraging our manufacturing resources across high,
mid and low volume products. Sharing of these resources across our product lines favorably affects Garmin’s costs to produce
its range of products, with lower volume products realizing the economies of scale of the high volume products. The ownership
and integration of our resources allows Garmin to optimize the design for manufacturing of our products, yielding improved cost. 

   

 Quality:  Garmin’s
automation and sophisticated production processes provide in-service robustness and consistent reliability standards that enables
Garmin to maintain strict process and quality control of the products manufactured, thereby improving the overall quality of our
products. Additionally, the immediate feedback throughout the manufacturing processes is provided to the development teams providing
integrated continuous improvement throughout design and supply chain. 

   

 Time to Market:
 Garmin uses multi-disciplinary teams of design engineers, process engineers, and supply chain specialists to develop products,
allowing them to quickly move from concept to manufacturing. This integrated ownership provides inherent flexibility to enable
faster time to market. 

   

 Garmin’s design,
manufacturing, distribution, and servicing processes in its U.S., Taiwan, China and U.K. facilities are certified to ISO 9001,
an international quality standard developed by the International Organization for Standardization. Garmin’s automotive operations
in Taiwan, China and Olathe have achieved TS 16949 certification, a quality standard for automotive suppliers. Garmin’s
Olathe and Salem aviation operations have achieved certification to AS9100, the quality standard for the aviation industry. 

   

 Garmin International,
Inc., Garmin (Europe) Ltd. and Garmin Corporation have also achieved certification of their environmental management systems to
the ISO 14001 standard, recognizing Garmin’s systems and processes which minimize or prevent harmful effects on the environment
and continually strive to improve its environmental performance. 

   

 Materials 

   

 Although most components
essential to Garmin’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain key components are currently obtained
by the Company from single or limited sources, which subjects Garmin to supply and pricing risks. Many of these and other key
components that are available from multiple sources, including, but not limited to, NAND flash memory, dynamic random access memory
(DRAM), GPS chipsets and certain LCDs, are subject at times to industry-wide shortages and commodity pricing fluctuations. 

   

 Garmin and other participants
in the personal computer, tablet, mobile communication, aviation electronics and consumer electronics industries also compete
for various components with other industries that have experienced increased demand for their products. In addition, Garmin uses
some custom components that are not common to the rest of the personal computer, tablet, mobile communication and consumer electronics
industries, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source until Garmin
has evaluated whether there is a need for, and subsequently qualifies, additional suppliers. When a component or product uses
new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity
has increased. Garmin makes efforts to manage risks in these areas through the use of supply agreements for strategically important
components. Nevertheless, if Garmin’s supply of a key single-sourced component for a new or existing product was delayed
or constrained, if such components were available only at significantly higher prices, or if a key manufacturing vendor delayed
shipments of completed products to Garmin, Garmin’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
affected. Garmin’s business and financial performance could also be adversely affected depending on the time required to
obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source.
Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers decided to concentrate
on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet Garmin’s requirements. 

   


 
       16   
       
     

   

 Seasonality 

   

 Our net sales are subject to seasonal fluctuation. Sales of our consumer products are generally higher
in the fourth quarter, due to increased demand during the holiday buying season, and, to a lesser extent, the second quarter, due
to increased demand during the spring and summer season. Sales of consumer products are also influenced by the timing of the release
of new products. Our aviation products do not experience much seasonal variation, but are more influenced by the timing of aircraft
certifications and the release of new products when the initial demand is typically the strongest. 

   

 Backlog 

   

 Our sales are generally
of a consumer nature and there is a relatively short cycle between order and shipment. Therefore, we believe that backlog information
is not material to the understanding of our business. We typically ship most orders within 72 hours of receipt. 

   

 Intellectual Property  

   

 Our success and ability
to compete is dependent in part on our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade
secret laws, as well as confidentiality agreements, to establish and protect our proprietary rights. In addition, Garmin often
relies on licenses of intellectual property for use in its business.  For example, Garmin obtains licenses for digital cartography
technology for use in our products from various sources. 

   

 As of January 17, 2017,
Garmin’s worldwide IP portfolio includes over 1,050 patent and 700 trademark registrations. The duration of foreign patents
varies in accordance with the provisions of applicable local law. We believe that our continued success depends on the intellectual
skills of our employees and their ability to continue to innovate.  Garmin will continue to file and prosecute patent applications
when appropriate to attempt to protect Garmin’s rights in its proprietary technologies.  

   

 There is no assurance
that our current patents, or patents which we may later acquire, may successfully withstand any challenge, in whole or in part.
It is also possible that any patent issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or that the patents of others
will preclude us from manufacturing and marketing certain products. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Litigation
may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity
and scope of the proprietary rights of others or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. 

   

 Regulations  

   

 The telecommunications
industry is highly regulated, and the regulatory environment in which Garmin operates is subject to change. In accordance with
the United States’ Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rules and regulations, wireless transceiver products are required
to be certified by the FCC and comparable authorities in foreign countries where they are sold. Garmin’s products sold in
Europe are required to comply with relevant directives of the European Commission. A delay in receiving required certifications
for new products, or enhancements to Garmin’s products, or losing certification for Garmin’s existing products could
adversely affect our business. In addition, aviation products that are intended for installation in “type certificated aircraft”
are required to be certified by the FAA, its European counterpart, the European Aviation Safety Agency, and other comparable organizations
before they can be used in an aircraft. 

   


 
       17   
       
     

   

 Because Garmin Corporation,
one of the Company’s principal subsidiaries, is located in Taiwan, foreign exchange control laws and regulations of Taiwan
with respect to remittances into and out of Taiwan may have an impact on Garmin’s operations. The Taiwan Foreign Exchange
Control Statute, and regulations thereunder, provides that all foreign exchange transactions must be executed by banks designated
to handle such business by the Ministry of Finance of Taiwan and by the Central Bank of the Republic of China (Taiwan), also referred
to as the CBC. Current regulations favor trade-related foreign exchange transactions. Consequently, foreign currency earned from
exports of merchandise and services may now be retained and used freely by exporters, while all foreign currency needed for the
import of merchandise and services may be purchased freely from the designated foreign exchange banks. Aside from trade-related
foreign exchange transactions, Taiwan companies and residents may, without foreign exchange approval, remit outside and into Taiwan
foreign currencies of up to $50 million and $5 million respectively, or their equivalent, each calendar year. Currency conversions
within the limits are processed by the designated banks and do not have to be reviewed and approved by the CBC. The above limits
apply to remittances involving a conversion between  Taiwan Dollars and U.S. Dollars or other foreign currencies. The CBC typically
approves foreign exchange in excess of the limits if a party applies with the CBC for review and presents legitimate business
reasons justifying the currency conversion. A requirement is also imposed on all enterprises to register all medium and long-term
foreign debt with the CBC. 

   

 Environmental Matters  

   

 Garmin’s operations
are subject to various environmental laws, including laws addressing air and water pollution and management of hazardous substances
and wastes.  Substantial noncompliance with applicable environmental laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Capital expenditures for environmental controls are included in our normal capital budget. 

   

 Environmental regulation
of Garmin’s products is increasing.  Many of Garmin's products are subject to laws relating to the chemical and
material composition of our products and their energy efficiency.  Garmin is also subject to laws requiring manufacturers
to be financially responsible for collection, recovery and recycling of wastes from certain electronic products. Compliance
with current environmental laws does not have a material impact on our business, but the impact of future enactment of environmental
laws cannot yet be fully determined and could be substantial. 

   

 Garmin has implemented
multiple Environmental Management System (EMS) policies in accordance with the International Organization for Standardization
(ISO) 14001 standard for Environmental Health and Safety Management.  Garmin’s EMS policies set forth practices, standards,
and procedures to ensure compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations at Garmin’s Kansas headquarters facility,
Garmin’s European headquarters facility, and Garmin’s Taiwan manufacturing facility. 

   

 

 Regulatory and “Green
Procurement” demands from our customers are also increasing, particularly in the areas of restricted substance use and environmentally-friendly
design and manufacture initiatives.  The overall impacts of these customer requirements cannot yet be established.  Garmin
is committed to improving our products and processes to meet our customer needs. 



 

    

 Employees  

   

 As of December 31, 2016, Garmin had approximately  11,600
full and part-time employees worldwide, of whom approximately 4,400 were in the United States, 100 were in Canada, 5,000 were in
Taiwan, 1,300 were in Europe, and 800 were in other global locations. Except for some of Garmin’s employees in Brazil and
Sweden, none of Garmin’s employees are represented by a labor union and none of Garmin's North American or Taiwan employees
are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Garmin considers its employee relations to be positive. 

   


 
       18   
       
     

   

 Item 1A. Risk Factors  

   

 The risks described below are not the
only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be
immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or
operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

   

 Risks Related to the Company 

   

 If we are not successful in the continued development, timely manufacture, and introduction of new products
or product categories, demand for our products could decrease to the extent that lost sales and profits from declining segments
or product categories are not entirely offset.  

   

 We expect that a significant portion of our future revenue will continue to be derived from sales of newly
introduced products. This is particularly important to replace sales and profits lost in declining segments or product categories.
The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changes in customer
needs. If we fail to introduce new products, or to modify or improve our existing products, in response to changes in technology,
industry standards or customer needs, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make
significant investments in research and development in order to continue to develop new products, enhance existing products and
achieve market acceptance for such products. However, there can be no assurance that development stage products will be successfully
completed or, if developed, will achieve significant customer acceptance. 

   

 If we are unable to
successfully develop and introduce competitive new products, and enhance our existing products, our future results of operations
would be adversely affected. Our pursuit of necessary technology may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license
new technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept or
may materially change the gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may not succeed in adapting our products
to new technologies as they emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict,
and there can be no assurance that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products. The timely availability
of these products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success. Any future challenges related
to new products, whether due to product development delays, manufacturing delays, lack of market acceptance, delays in regulatory
approval, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

   

 If we are unable to compete effectively
with existing or new competitors, our resulting loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer
orders, reduced margins and loss of market share.  

   

 The markets for many
of our products are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Some of our competitors have significantly
greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly to new
or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development,
promotion and sale of their products or secure better product positioning with retailers. Increased competition could result in
price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against
current or future competitors could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 

 Maturation or contraction of the market
for wearable devices could adversely affect our revenue and profits. 

   

 We have experienced growth
in sales and profits in our outdoor and fitness segments, which in recent years have benefited from increased sales of wearable
devices. If the wearable device market declines, or categories of devices within the wearable device market decline, such as fitness
trackers or smartwatches, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

   

 The demand for personal navigation
devices (PNDs) has been and continues to be reduced by replacement technologies becoming available on mobile devices and factory-installed
systems in new autos, as well as by market saturation.  

   

 GPS/navigation technologies have been incorporated into competing devices such as mobile handsets, tablets,
and new automobiles through factory-installed systems. Many companies are now offering navigation software for these mobile devices.
The acceptance of this technology by consumers has reduced sales in this segment and has reduced profits in some periods. Navigation
systems are also becoming more prevalent as standard and/or optional equipment on new automobiles. Increased navigation penetration
on mobile handsets and in new automobiles is expected to cause further declines in sales of our portable navigation devices and
could further reduce profits. 

   


 
       19   
       
     

   

 

 The auto segment, which represents approximately
29% of our revenues, is expected to continue to decline in 2017.  

   

 We experienced substantial
growth through 2008 in the auto segment of our business as PNDs became mass-market consumer electronics in both Europe and North
America. This market is declining as competing technologies emerged and market saturation occurred. This has resulted in, and is
expected to continue to result in, periods of lower revenues and profits for this segment. 

      

 Our annual and quarterly financial
statements will reflect fluctuations in foreign currency translation. 

   

 The operation of our
subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. We have experienced significant
foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. Dollar relative to certain other currencies.
The potential of volatile foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect on our results of operations.
We have not historically hedged our foreign currency exchange rate risks. 

   

 The currencies that
typically create a majority of our exchange rate exposure are the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling. The Taiwan
Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin Corporation, the U.S. Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin (Europe) Ltd., and
the Euro is the functional currency of most of our other European subsidiaries, although some transactions and balances are denominated
in British Pounds. Other legal entities primarily use the local currency as the functional currency. Due to the relative size
of entities using a functional currency other than the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling, fluctuations of other
currencies are not expected to have a material impact on our financial statements. 

   

 

 We translate income and
expense activity at the approximate rate of exchange at the transaction date, and all assets and liabilities at the rate of exchange
in effect at the balance sheet date. Income and expense activity in a currency other than the U.S. Dollar can be impacted by exchange
rate variations over time. The majority of our consolidated foreign currency gain or loss is typically driven by exchange rate
impacts on the significant cash, receivables, and payables held in a currency other than the functional currency at a given legal
entity. Such gain or loss will create variations in our earnings per share. However, because there is minimal cash impact caused
by such exchange rate variations, management will continue to focus on our operating performance before the impact of foreign currency
gains and losses. 



 

   

 

 Changes in applicable tax laws or resolutions of tax disputes
could result in adverse tax consequences to the Company.  

   

 Our tax position could
be adversely impacted by changes in Swiss, United States or foreign tax laws, tax treaties, or tax regulations or the interpretation
or enforcement thereof by any tax authority. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. Legislative proposals
are being considered in Switzerland that could make significant changes in the corporate tax regime and increase the taxes applicable
to us in Switzerland. Corporate reform being considered in the United States could significantly change our tax liability such
as proposals to remove certain domestic deductions, implement border adjustments, and/or broaden the circumstances under which
foreign corporations could be considered resident in the United States.  Moreover, international taxing standards continue
to evolve as a result of the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) recommendations aimed at preventing
perceived base erosion and profit shifting by multinational corporations. While these recommendations are not changes to tax law,
the countries where we operate may implement legislation or take unilateral actions which may result in adverse effects to our
income tax provision and financial statements.    

   

 Significant judgment is
required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions
and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we
believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially
different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect
on our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

   

 Restrictions on trade, particularly on goods
imported from Taiwan or the People’s Republic of China, could significantly harm our results of operations 

   

 A significant portion of our global and U.S.
sales are comprised of goods assembled and manufactured in our facilities in Taiwan and the PRC. The imposition of additional U.S.
or foreign governmental controls, regulations that create new or enhanced restrictions on free trade with the U.S., or increases
in tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., including goods imported from China and Taiwan, could have substantial adverse effects
on our business operations, results of operations, and financial condition. 

   

 Economic, regulatory and political conditions and uncertainty
could adversely affect our revenue and profits. 

   

 Our revenue and profits depend significantly
on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. Economic weakness or constrained
consumer and business spending has resulted in periods of decreased revenue and in the future, could result in decreased revenue
and problems with our ability to manage inventory levels and collect customer receivables. In addition, financial difficulties
experienced by our retailers and OEM customers have resulted, and could result in the future, in significant bad debt write-offs
and additions to reserves in our receivables and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

   

 The United Kingdom (UK) held a referendum
on June 23, 2016 in which a majority of voters voted to exit the European Union (EU). Due to the unprecedented nature of the expected
withdrawal, significant uncertainty exists surrounding the timing and terms of the expected exit. We have operations in the UK
and several EU member states whose currencies, namely British Pound Sterling (GBP) and Euro, economies, taxation, and trade regulation,
among other factors, could be adversely impacted by the negotiations and outcomes of the UK’s leaving the EU, which is likely
to be a lengthy and complicated process. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, results
of operations and financial condition. 

   


 
       20   
       
     

   

 If we do not correctly anticipate demand
for our products, we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our products or we could
have costly excess production or inventories.  

   

 We have generally been
able to increase or decrease production to meet fluctuations in demand. However, the demand for our products depends on many factors
and may be difficult to forecast. We expect that it will become more difficult to forecast demand as we introduce and support
a diverse product portfolio, as competition in the market for our products intensifies and as the markets for some of our products
mature. Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand could cause the following problems in our operations: 

   

 
 · If demand increases beyond what we forecast,
we would have to rapidly increase production. We would depend on suppliers to provide additional volumes of components and those
suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough to meet unexpected demand.  

   

 
 · Rapid increases in production levels to
meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs for manufacturing and supply of components and other expenses. These higher
costs could lower our profit margins. Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing quality could decline, which may
also lower our margins and reduce customer satisfaction. 

   

 
 · If forecasted demand does not develop,
we could have excess inventories of finished products and components, which would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some
or all of the excess inventories. Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing
efficiencies at our facilities, which could result in lower margins. 

   

 We depend on our suppliers, some of
which are the sole source for specific components, and our production would be seriously harmed if these suppliers are not able
to meet our demand and alternative sources are not available, or if the costs of components rise.  

   

 We are dependent on
third party suppliers for various components used in our current products. Some of the components that we procure from third party
suppliers include semiconductors and electroluminescent panels, liquid crystal displays, memory chips, batteries and microprocessors.
The cost, quality and availability of components are essential to the successful production and sale of our products. Some components
we use are from sole source suppliers. Certain application-specific integrated circuits incorporating our proprietary designs
are manufactured for us by sole source suppliers. Alternative sources may not be currently available for these sole source components. 

   

 In the past we have
experienced shortages of certain components. In addition, if there are shortages in supply of components, the costs of such components
may rise. If suppliers are unable to meet our demand for components on a timely basis and if we are unable to obtain an alternative
source or if the price of the alternative source is prohibitive, or if the costs of components rise, our ability to maintain timely
and cost-effective production of our products would be seriously harmed. 

   

 Gross margins for our products may
fluctuate or erode.  

   

 Gross margins in some
of our segments have declined in recent years and could further decline in the future due to competitive price reductions that
are not fully offset by material cost reductions. In addition, our overall gross margin may fluctuate from period to period due
to a number of factors, including product mix, competition and unit volumes. In particular, the average selling prices of a specific
product tend to decrease over that product’s life. To offset such decreases, we intend to rely primarily on component cost
reduction, obtaining yield improvements and corresponding cost reductions in the manufacturing of existing products and on introducing
new products that incorporate advanced features and therefore can be sold at higher average selling prices. However, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such yield improvements or cost reductions or introduce any such new products
in the future. To the extent that such cost reductions and new product introductions do not occur in a timely manner or our products
do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

   


 
       21   
       
     

     

 Changes in our United States federal
income tax classification could result in adverse tax consequences to our shareholders. 

   

 We do not believe
that we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a ‘‘passive foreign investment
company’’ for United States federal income tax purposes.  We do not expect to become a passive foreign investment
company.  However, because the passive foreign investment company determination is made annually based on whether the company’s
income or assets meet certain thresholds as determined under United States federal tax principles which are based on facts and
circumstances that may be beyond our control, we cannot assure that we will not become a passive foreign investment company in
the future.  If we are a passive foreign investment company in any year, then any of our shareholders that is a United States
person could be liable to pay tax on their pro rata share of our income plus an interest charge upon some distributions by us
or when that shareholder sells our common shares at a gain.  Further, if we are classified as a passive foreign investment
company in any year in which a United States person is a shareholder, we generally will continue to be treated as a passive foreign
investment company with respect to such shareholder in all succeeding years, regardless of whether we continue to satisfy the
income or asset tests mentioned above. 

   

 We do not believe
that we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a Controlled Foreign Corporation (CFC) for
United States federal income tax purposes. We do not expect to become a CFC. The CFC determination is made daily based on whether
the United States shareholders own more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company. Only United States persons
that own ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s shares qualify as United States shareholders. Currently
the Company has two shareholders that qualify as United States shareholders owning greater than ten percent of the voting power,
totaling 36% of the outstanding shares.  Thus, the addition of even one additional ten percent or greater United States shareholder
could result in classification as a CFC and subject all such holders to significant tax consequences. 
 If the Company were to be classified as a CFC for an uninterrupted thirty-day period in any year, the Company’s shareholders
that qualify as United States shareholders could be liable to pay US income tax at ordinary income tax rates on their pro-rata
share of certain categories of the Company’s income for the period in which the Company is classified as a CFC. As the Company
cannot control the ownership of the Company’s stock nor can the Company control which shareholders participate in the Company’s
stock buyback program, ownership changes could result that create United States shareholders which increase the risk of Garmin
being treated as a CFC. 

   


 
       22   
       
     

   

 We may experience unique economic and political risks associated
with companies that operate in Taiwan.  

   

 

 Our principal manufacturing
facilities, where we manufacture most of our consumer products, are located in Taiwan. Relations between Taiwan and the People’s
Republic of China, also referred to as the PRC, and other factors affecting the political or economic conditions of Taiwan in the
future could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the market price and the liquidity
of our shares. 

   

 The PRC asserts sovereignty
over all of China, including Taiwan, certain other islands and all of mainland China. The PRC government does not recognize the
legitimacy of the Taiwan government. Although significant economic and cultural relations have been established during recent years
between Taiwan and the PRC, the PRC government has indicated that it may use military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain
circumstances, such as the declaration of independence by Taiwan. The United States' relations with Taiwan are governed by the
1979 Taiwan Relations Act, which signifies when the U.S. switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to the PRC, referred to as
the "one-China" policy. Deviations from the "one-China" policy could lead to adverse changes in China-U.S.
and China-Taiwan relations and could adversely affect our operations in Taiwan in the future. 



     

 Our intellectual property rights are
important to our operations, and we could suffer loss if they infringe upon other’s rights or are infringed upon by others.
 

   

 We rely on a combination
of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect
our proprietary rights. To this end, we hold rights to a number of patents and registered trademarks and regularly file applications
to attempt to protect our rights in new technology and trademarks. However, there is no guarantee that our patent applications
will become issued patents, or that our trademark applications will become registered trademarks. Moreover, even if approved,
our patents or trademarks may thereafter be successfully challenged by others or otherwise become invalidated for a variety of
reasons. Thus, any patents or trademarks we currently have or may later acquire may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. 

   

 Third parties may claim
that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial condition. From time to time we receive letters alleging infringement of patents, trademarks or other intellectual property
rights and we have been, and currently are, a defendant in lawsuits alleging patent infringement. Litigation concerning patents
or other intellectual property is costly and time consuming. We may seek licenses from such parties, but they could refuse to
grant us a license or demand commercially unreasonable terms. Such infringement claims could also cause us to incur substantial
liabilities and to suspend or permanently cease the use of critical technologies or processes or the production or sale of major
products. 

   


 
       23   
       
     

   

 We may become subject to significant
product liability costs.  

   

 If our aviation products
malfunction or contain errors or defects, airplane collisions or crashes could occur resulting in property damage, personal injury
or death. Malfunctions or errors or defects in our marine navigational products could cause boats to run aground or cause other
wreckage, personal injury or death. If our automotive or marine products contain defects or errors in the mapping supplied by
third-party map providers or if our users do not heed our warnings about the proper use of these products, collisions or accidents
could occur resulting in property damage, personal injury or death. If any of these events occurs, we could be subject to significant
liability for personal injury and property damage and, under certain circumstances, could be subject to a judgment for punitive
damages. We maintain insurance against accident-related risks involving our products. However, there can be no assurance that
such insurance would be sufficient to cover the cost of damages to others or that such insurance will continue to be available
at commercially reasonable rates. In addition, insurance coverage may not cover awards of punitive damages and may not cover the
cost of associated legal fees and defense costs, which could result in lower margins. If we are unable to maintain sufficient
insurance to cover product liability costs or if our insurance coverage does not cover the award, this could have a materially
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 We have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in
adverse outcomes. 

   

 We are subject to
a variety of claims and lawsuits. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or
injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Litigation and other claims are subject to
inherent uncertainties and the outcomes can be difficult to predict. Management may not adequately reserve for a contingent liability,
or we may suffer unforeseen liabilities, which could then impact the results of a financial period. A material adverse impact
on our consolidated financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes
probable and reasonably estimable which, if not expected, could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

   

 We collect, store, process, and use
personal information and other customer data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related
to privacy, information security, and data protection, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could
harm our business.  

   

 

 We collect, store, process,
and use personal information and other user data. Our users’ fitness-related data and personal information may include, among
other information, names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, payment account information, height, weight, age, heart rates,
sleeping patterns, GPS-based location, and activity patterns. Due to the volume and types of the personal information and data
we manage and the nature of our products, the security features of our platform and information systems are critical. If our security
measures or applications are breached, disrupted or fail, unauthorized persons may be able to obtain access to user data. If we
or our third-party service providers, business partners, or third-party apps with which our users choose to share their Garmin
data were to experience a breach, disruption or failure of systems compromising our users’ data or the media suggested that
our security measures or those of our third-party service providers were insufficient, our brand and reputation could be adversely
affected, use of our products and services could decrease, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation, and regulatory
proceedings. Depending on the nature of the information compromised, in the event of a data breach, disruption or other unauthorized
access to our user data, we may also have obligations to notify users about the incident and we may need to provide some form of
remedy   for the individuals affected by the incident. A growing number of legislative and
regulatory bodies have adopted consumer notification requirements in the event of unauthorized access to or acquisition of certain
types of personal data. Such breach notification laws continue to evolve and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another.
Complying with these obligations could cause us to incur substantial costs and could increase negative publicity surrounding any
incident that compromises user data. Our users may also accidentally disclose or lose control of their passwords, creating the
perception that our systems or those of our third-party service providers are not secure against third-party access. Additionally,
if third parties we work with, such as vendors, business partners, service providers, or developers, violate applicable laws, agreements,
or our policies, such violations may also put our users’ information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on
our business. While we maintain insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and a significant self-insured
retention, is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses
or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber risk. 



 

    


 
       24   
       
     

   

 Regulatory authorities
around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, and a newly adopted
data protection regulation in the E.U. will go into effect in May 2018. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer
and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are sometimes uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws
may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our interpretation and data practices. If so, in addition
to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs
or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

   

 Security breaches and other disruptions, including as a
result of cyber attacks, may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations.  

   

 In the ordinary course
of our business, we electronically maintain sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information
and that of our customers and suppliers, and some personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our facilities
and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is important to our operations. A
breach of our security systems and procedures or those of our vendors could result in significant data losses or theft of our
customers' or our employees' intellectual property, proprietary business information or personally identifiable information. 
A cybersecurity breach could negatively affect our reputation as a trusted product and service provider by adversely affecting
the market's perception of the security or reliability of our products or services.  

   

 We have technology
and processes in place to detect and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software or
applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could
unexpectedly compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities
through fraud, trickery or other forms of deceiving our customers and employees. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these
techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, or if such measures are implemented, and
even with appropriate training conducted in support of such measures, human errors may still occur. It is virtually impossible
for us to entirely mitigate this risk. A party, whether internal or external, who is able to circumvent our security measures
could misappropriate information. 

   

 Actual or anticipated
attacks and risks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies,
to train employees, and to engage third party security experts and consultants. Our technology errors and omissions insurance
may not protect against all of the costs, liabilities, and other adverse effects arising from a security breach or system failure.
If we fail to reasonably maintain the security of confidential information, we may suffer significant reputational and financial
losses and our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and liquidity may be adversely affected. In addition, a
system breach could result in other negative consequences, including disruption of internal operations, and may subject us to
private litigation, government investigations, enforcement actions, and cause us to incur potentially significant liability, damages,
or remediation costs. 

   

 We depend on third party licensors
for the digital map data contained in our auto products, and our business and/or gross margins could be harmed if we become unable
to continue licensing such mapping data or if the royalty costs for such data rise. 

   

 We license digital
mapping data for use in our products from various sources. There are only a limited number of suppliers of mapping data for each
geographical region. The two largest digital map suppliers are HERE (formerly known as NAVTEQ) and TomTom N.V. HERE is owned by
Here Acquisition B.V. (a consortium of Daimler AG, BMW AG and Audi AG). Here Acquisition B.V. and TomTom N.V. are also competitors
of Garmin. 

   

 Although we do not
foresee difficulty in continuing to license data at reasonable pricing due to a long term license agreement between Garmin and
HERE extending through 2024, if we are unable to continue licensing such mapping data and are unable to obtain an alternative
source, or if the nature of our relationships with HERE changes detrimentally, our ability to supply mapping data for use in our
products would be seriously harmed. 

   


 
       25   
       
     

   

 Failure to obtain required certifications of our products
on a timely basis could harm our business.  

   

 

 We have certain products,
especially in our aviation segment, that are subject to governmental and similar certifications before they can be sold. For example,
FAA certification is required for all of our aviation products that are intended for installation in type-certificated aircraft.
To the extent required, certification is an expensive and time-consuming process that requires significant focus and resources.
An inability to obtain, or excessive delay in obtaining, such certifications could have an adverse effect on our ability to introduce
new products and, for certain aviation OEM products, our customers’ ability to sell airplanes. Delays in our obtaining certification
for our aviation products have resulted, and may in the future result in our being required to pay compensation to our customers.
Therefore, such inabilities or delays could adversely affect our operating results.    In addition, we cannot assure that
our certified products will not be decertified. Any such decertification could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 



    

 Our business may suffer if we are not
able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if we lose our key personnel.  

   

 Our future success
depends partly on the continued contribution of our key executive, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing and administrative
personnel. We currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key executive officers. Swiss law prohibits us from
paying severance payments to our senior executive officers, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions. We do
not have key person life insurance on any of our key executive officers and do not currently intend to obtain such insurance.
The loss of the services of any of our senior level management, or other key employees, could harm our business. Recruiting and
retaining the skilled personnel we require to maintain and grow our market position may be difficult. For example, in some recent
years there has been a nationwide shortage of qualified engineers in the United States who are necessary for us to design and
develop new products, and therefore, it has sometimes been challenging to recruit such personnel. If we fail to hire and retain
qualified employees, we may not be able to maintain and expand our business. 

   

 Our quarterly operating results are
subject to fluctuations and seasonality.  

   

 Our operating results
are difficult to predict. Our future quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. If such operating results decline,
the price of our stock could decline. As we have expanded our operations, our operating expenses, particularly our research and
development costs, have increased as a percentage of our sales in some periods. If revenues decrease and we continue to increase
research and development costs, our operating results would be negatively affected. 

   

 Historically, our revenues
have been weaker in the first quarter of each fiscal year as our devices are highly consumer-oriented, and consumer buying is
traditionally lower in this quarter. Sales of certain of our fitness, outdoor, marine and automotive   products tend to be
higher in our second fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending for such products in the spring season and travel season.
Sales of many of our consumer products also have been higher in our fourth fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending patterns
on electronic devices during the holiday season.   In addition, we attempt to time our new product releases to coincide with
relatively higher consumer spending in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, which contributes to these seasonal variations. 

   


 
       26   
       
     

   

 We rely on independent dealers and
distributors to sell our products, and disruption to these channels would harm our business.  

   

 Because we sell many
of our products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory
levels and support for our products. In particular, our dealers and distributors maintain significant levels of our products in
their inventories. If dealers and distributors attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient
levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted. 

   

 Many of our dealers
and distributors also sell products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our dealers and distributors more favorable
terms, those dealers and distributors may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to
retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships
with dealers and distributors or to expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer. 

   

 We may pursue strategic acquisitions,
investments, strategic partnerships or other ventures, and our business could be materially harmed if we fail to successfully
identify, complete and integrate such transactions.  

   

 We intend to evaluate
acquisition opportunities and opportunities to make investments in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products,
or to enter into strategic partnerships with parties who can provide access to those assets, additional product or services offerings,
additional distribution or marketing synergies or additional industry expertise. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition,
investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates in the future, we may not be able to
complete those transactions on commercially favorable terms, or at all. 

   

 Any past or future acquisition could also result in difficulties assimilating acquired employees, operations,
and products and diversion of capital and management’s attention away from other business issues and opportunities. Integration
of acquired companies may result in problems related to integration of technology and inexperienced management teams. In addition,
the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. We may not successfully integrate internal controls, compliance
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other corporate governance matters, operations, personnel or products related to acquisitions
we may make in the future. If we fail to successfully integrate such transactions, our business could be materially harmed. 

   

 There is uncertainty as to our shareholders’ ability
to enforce certain foreign civil liabilities in Switzerland and Taiwan.  

   

 We are a Swiss company
and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States, particularly in Taiwan. As a result, it may be
difficult to effect service of process within the United States upon us. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts
of Switzerland or Taiwan would recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us predicated upon the
civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original
actions brought in Switzerland or Taiwan against us predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof. 

   

 A shut down of Federal Aviation Administration
operations would harm our business. 

   

 Any failure of
the United States Congress to appropriate funds for FAA operations that results in any shut down of FAA operations or furloughing
of FAA employees could result in delays in the required FAA certification of our avionics products and in the production, sale
and registration of aircraft that use our avionics products. Such delays could have a material adverse effect on our business
and financial results. 

   


 
       27   
       
     

   

 Many of our products rely on the Global
Positioning System. 

   

 The Global Positioning
System (GPS) is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites. The
satellites and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense.
The Department of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals. These satellites and their ground
support systems are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. The satellites
were originally designed to have lives of 7.5 years and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate.
However, of the current deployment of satellites in place, some have been operating for more than 20 years. 

   

 To repair damaged or
malfunctioning satellites is currently not economically feasible. If a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable,
there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites. A reduction in the number of operating satellites
may impair the current utility of the GPS system and the growth of current and additional market opportunities. GPS satellites
and ground control segments are being modernized. GPS modernization software updates can cause problems. We depend on public access
to open technical specifications in advance of GPS updates. 

   

 GPS is operated by
the U.S. Government, which is committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS; however, if the policy were to change, and GPS
were no longer supported by the U.S. Government, or if user fees were imposed, it could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

   

 Some of our products
also use signals from Satellite Based Augmentation Systems (SBAS) that augment GPS, such as the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System
(WAAS), Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS), Global Navigation Satellite System (GLONASS), and European
Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS). Any curtailment of SBAS operating capability could result in decreased user
capability for many of our aviation products, thereby impacting our markets. 

   

 Any of the foregoing
factors could affect the willingness of buyers of our products to select Global Positioning System-based products instead of products
based on competing technologies. 

   

 Our business is subject to disruptions and uncertainties
caused by geopolitical instability, war or terrorism. 

   

 Acts of war or acts of terrorism, especially
any directed at the GPS signals, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
The threat of terrorism and war and heightened security and military response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism,
may cause a redeployment of the satellites used in GPS or interruptions of the system. To the extent that such interruptions have
an effect on sales of our products, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. 

   

 A shut down of airspace
or imposition of restrictions on general aviation would harm our business. The shutdown of airspace could cause reduced sales
of our general aviation products and delays in the shipment of our products manufactured in our Taiwan manufacturing facilities
to our global distribution facilities, thereby adversely affecting our ability to supply new and existing products to our dealers
and distributors. 

   

 Any reallocation or repurposing of
radio frequency spectrum could cause harmful interference with the reception of Global Positioning System signals. This interference
could harm our business.  

   

 Our Global Positioning
System technology is dependent on the use of the Standard Positioning Service (SPS) provided by the U.S. Government’s Global
Positioning System satellites. The Global Positioning System operates in radio frequency bands that are globally allocated for
radio navigation satellite services. International allocations of radio frequency are made by the International Telecommunications
Union (ITU), a specialized technical agency of the United Nations. These allocations are further governed by radio regulations
that have treaty status and which may be subject to modification every two to three years by the World Radio Communication Conference. 
Each country also has regulatory authority on how each band is used.  In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) share responsibility for radio frequency allocations
and spectrum usage regulations. 

   


 
       28   
       
     

   

 Any ITU or national
reallocation of radio frequency spectrum, including frequency band segmentation or sharing of spectrum, or other modifications
of the permitted uses of relevant frequency bands, may materially and adversely affect the utility and reliability of our products
and have significant negative impacts on our business and our customers. 

   

 We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks
related to climate change. 

   

 Various
regulatory and legislative measures to address greenhouse gas emissions are in different phases of implementation or discussion.
In the aftermath of its 2009 “endangerment finding” that greenhouse gas emissions pose a threat to human health and
welfare, the Environmental Protection Agency has begun to regulate greenhouse gas emissions under the authority granted to it
under the Clean Air Act. At the federal legislative level, Congressional passage of legislation adopting some form of federal
mandatory greenhouse gas emission reduction, such as a nationwide cap-and-trade program, does not appear likely at this time,
although it could be adopted at a future date. It is also possible that the U.S. Congress may pass alternative climate change
bills that do not mandate a nationwide cap-and-trade program and instead focus on promoting renewable energy and energy efficiency,
which could increase the cost of doing business . 

   

 Because it is uncertain what laws and regulations
will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws and regulations on our future consolidated financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

   

 Risks Relating to Our Shares  

   

 The volatility of our stock price could adversely affect
investment in our common shares. 

   

 The market price
of our common shares has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile.  During 2016, the closing price of our common shares
ranged from a low of $32.29 to a high of $55.75. A variety of factors could cause the price of our common shares to fluctuate,
perhaps substantially, including: 

   

 
 · new
                                         products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; 

 
 · general
                                         conditions in the worldwide economy, including fluctuations in interest rates and global
                                         currency exchange rates; 

 
 · announcements
                                         of technological innovations; 

 
 · product
                                         obsolescence and our ability to manage product transitions; 

 
 · developments
                                         in our relationships with our customers and suppliers;  

 
 · the
                                         availability, pricing and timeliness of delivery of components, such as flash memory
                                         and liquid crystal displays, used in our products; 

 
 · quarterly
                                         fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results; 

 
 · changes
                                         in applicable tax laws and tax rates; 

 
 · developments
                                         in patents or other intellectual property rights and litigation; 

 
 · announcements
                                         and rumors of developments related to our business, our competitors, our suppliers or
                                         the markets in which we compete; 

 
 · research
                                         reports or opinions issued by securities analysts or brokerage houses related to Garmin,
                                         our competitors, our suppliers or our customers;  

 
 · any
                                         significant acts of terrorism against the United States, Taiwan or significant markets
                                         where we sell our products; and 

 

 
 · other
                                         factors as discussed in the previously listed risks. 
   


 
       29   
       
     

 

   

 In addition, in recent
years the stock market in general and the markets for shares of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price
fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies.  Any such fluctuations in
the future could adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 

   

 Our officers and directors exert substantial influence over
us.  

   

 

 As of January 18, 2017,
current members and former members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers, together with members of their families
and entities that may be deemed affiliates of or related to such persons or entities, beneficially owned approximately 41.36% of
our outstanding common shares. Accordingly, these shareholders may be able to determine the outcome of corporate actions requiring
shareholder approval, such as mergers and acquisitions and shareholder proposals. This level of ownership may have a significant
effect in delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Garmin and may adversely affect the voting and other rights
of other holders of our common shares. 



    

 The rights of our shareholders are
governed by Swiss law. 

   

 The rights of our
shareholders are governed by Swiss law and Garmin Ltd.’s articles of association. The rights of shareholders under Swiss
law differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law allows our
shareholders acting at a shareholders’ meeting to authorize share capital that can be issued by the board of directors without
approval of a shareholders’ meeting, but this authorization is limited to 50% of the existing registered share capital and
must be renewed at a shareholders’ meeting at least every two years for it to continue to be available. Additionally, subject
to specified exceptions, including the exceptions described in our articles of association, Swiss law grants preemptive rights
to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares and other securities. Swiss law also does not provide as much
flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares as the laws of some other jurisdictions. Swiss
law also reserves for approval by shareholders certain corporate actions over which a board of directors would have authority
in some other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law provides that dividends and other distributions must be approved by shareholders
at the general meeting of shareholders. These Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our flexibility,
and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders. 

   

 We have limited capital reserves from
which to make distributions or repurchase shares without subjecting our shareholders Swiss withholding tax. 

   

 If we are unable to
make distributions, if any, through a reduction of par value or to pay dividends, if any, out of qualifying capital contribution
reserves, then any dividends paid by us will generally be subject to a Swiss federal withholding tax at a rate of 35%. Over the
long term, the amount of par value and qualifying capital contribution reserves available for us to use for par value reductions
or dividends will be limited.  The withholding tax must be withheld from the gross distribution and paid to the Swiss Federal
Tax Administration. A U.S. holder that qualifies for benefits under the Convention between the United States of America and the
Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income may apply for a refund of the tax withheld
in excess of the 15% treaty rate (or in excess of the 5% reduced treaty rate for qualifying corporate shareholders with at least
10% participation in our voting stock, or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). However, there can be no assurance
that our shareholders will approve a reduction in par value or a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution reserves, that
we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction in par value, or that Swiss withholding rules will not be
changed in the future or that a change in Swiss law will not adversely affect us or our shareholders, in particular as a result
of distributions out of qualifying capital contribution reserves becoming subject to additional corporate law or other restrictions.
If we are unable to make a distribution through a reduction in par value or to pay a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution
reserves, we may not be able to make distributions without subjecting our shareholders to Swiss withholding taxes 

   


 
       30   
       
     

   

 

 Under current Swiss tax
law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to 35% Swiss withholding
tax on the difference between the par value and the repurchase price. However, the portion of the repurchase price that is attributed
to qualifying capital contribution reserves of the shares repurchased will not be subject to the Swiss withholding tax. Therefore,
repurchase of our own shares further limits the amount of qualifying capital reserves available for distributions to shareholders
free of Swiss withholding taxes.  No partial liquidation treatment applies and no withholding tax is triggered if the shares
are not repurchased for cancellation but held by us as treasury shares to the extent sufficient qualifying capital reserves are
available. However, should we not resell such treasury shares within six years and there is not sufficient qualifying capital contribution
reserves, the withholding tax becomes due at the end of the six-year period.  



   

 We may follow a share
repurchase process for future share repurchases, if any, similar to a "second trading line" on the SIX Swiss Exchange
in which Swiss institutional investors buy shares on the open market and sell these shares to us and are generally able to receive
a refund of the Swiss withholding tax. However, if we are unable to use this process successfully, we may not be able to repurchase
shares for the purposes of capital reduction without subjecting our shareholders to Swiss withholding taxes if and to the extent
that the repurchase of shares is made out of retained earnings or other taxable reserves. No withholding tax would be applicable
if and to the extent that qualifying capital contribution reserves are attributable to the share repurchase. 

   

 We have certain limitations on our
ability to repurchase and hold our own shares. 

   

 Under Swiss law we
have certain limitations on our ability to repurchase and hold our own shares. We and our subsidiaries may only repurchase and
hold our own shares to the extent that sufficient freely distributable reserves (including contributed surplus as determined for
Swiss tax and statutory purposes) are available. The aggregate par value of our registered shares held by us and our subsidiaries
may not exceed 10% of our registered share capital. We may repurchase our registered shares beyond the statutory limit of 10%,
however, if our share-holders have adopted a resolution at a general meeting of shareholders authorizing the board of directors
to repurchase registered shares in an amount in excess of 10% and the repurchased shares are dedicated for cancellation. Our ability
to repurchase and hold our own shares is a significant component of our capital management and shareholder return practices that
we believe is important to our shareholders, and any restriction on our ability to repurchase our shares could make our stock
less attractive to investors. 

   

 As mentioned previously,
we do not believe that we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a Controlled Foreign Corporation
(CFC) for United States federal income tax purposes.  However, the repurchase of the Company’s shares reduces the number
of shares outstanding which is the basis for determining the ownership percentages for determination of whether the United States
shareholders own more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company.  Only United States persons that own
ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s shares qualify as United States shareholders.  We may be limited
in the number of shares we repurchase due to United States shareholders holding percentages. 

   

 Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments 

   

 None. 

   

 

 
       31   
       
     

   

 Item 2.  Properties 

   

 The following are the
principal properties owned or leased by the Company and its subsidiaries: 

   

 Garmin International, Inc.
and Garmin USA, Inc. occupy facilities of approximately 1,215,000 square feet on approximately 59 acres in Olathe, Kansas, where
the majority of product design and development work is conducted, the majority of aviation panel-mount products are manufactured
and products are warehoused, distributed, and supported for North, Central and South America. Garmin International, Inc. has also
broken ground on an expansion project on that land, which will include an approximately 720,000 square foot manufacturing and distribution
center. The second phase of the expansion will include renovation of the existing warehouse and manufacturing center into a research
and development facility and supporting office space. Garmin’s subsidiary, Garmin Realty, LLC also owns an additional 34
acres of land in Olathe for expansion. In connection with the bond financings for the facility in Olathe and the expansions of
that facility, the City of Olathe holds the legal title to the Olathe facility, which is leased to Garmin’s subsidiaries
by the City. Upon the payment in full of the outstanding bonds, the City of Olathe is obligated to transfer title to Garmin’s
subsidiaries for the aggregate sum of $200. Garmin International, Inc. has purchased all the outstanding bonds and will hold the
bonds until maturity in order to benefit from property tax abatement. 



 

   

 

 Garmin Corporation owns
and occupies 247,000 and 95,000 square foot facilities in Xizhi Dist., New Taipei City, Taiwan, a 224,000 square foot facility
in Jhongli, Tao-Yang County, Taiwan, and a 576,000 square foot facility in LinKou, Tao-Yang County, Taiwan. In these facilities,
Garmin Corporation manufactures most of Garmin’s consumer and portable aviation products and warehouses, markets and supports
products for the Pacific Rim countries. Garmin China Yangzhou Co., Ltd. leases an approximately 86,000 square foot manufacturing
facility in Yangzhou, Jiangsu, People’s Republic of China. 



 

    

 Garmin AT, Inc. leases
approximately 18 acres of land in Salem, Oregon under a ground lease. This ground lease expires in 2030, but Garmin AT, Inc. has
the option to extend the ground lease until 2050. Garmin AT, Inc. owns and occupies a 115,000 square foot facility for office,
development and manufacturing use and a 33,000 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility on this land.
Garmin AT, Inc. also owns and occupies an additional 66,000 square foot facility on the same property for Garmin’s West
Coast customer support call center and for research and development activities. 

   

 Garmin International,
Inc. owns and occupies an approximate 60,000 square foot facility in Chandler, Arizona, used as office space. Garmin International,
Inc. leases 148,000 square feet of land at New Century Airport in Gardner, Kansas under a ground lease which expires in 2026.
Garmin International, Inc. owns and occupies a 47,000 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility on this
land which is used in development and certification of aviation products. Garmin International, Inc. owns a leasehold interest
in an additional 53,000 square foot aircraft hangar, flight test and certification facility at New Century Airport in Gardner,
which is also used in development and certification of aviation products. 

   

 

 Garmin Würzburg
GmbH leases approximately 43,000 square feet in Würzburg, Germany for office and research and development activities. Garmin
Cluj S.R.L. leases 28,000 square feet in Cluj, Romania for research and development activities. 

   

 Various Garmin subsidiaries lease an additional: (i) 49,000 square feet of office space in Olathe, Kansas
for a call center operation; (ii) approximately 38,000 square feet of office space in Yarmouth, Maine, for office and development
use related to the business Garmin acquired from DeLorme in 2016; and (iii) approximately 33,000 square feet of office space in
Tucson, Arizona, used as offices and for research and development. 

   

 Garmin (Europe) Ltd.
owns and occupies a 155,000 square foot building located in Totton, Southampton, England, used as offices and a distribution facility. 

   


 
       32   
       
     

   

 Item 3.  Legal Proceedings 

   

 Andrea Katz, on behalf of herself and all others similarly
situated, v. Garmin Ltd. and Garmin International, Inc.  

   

 On December 18, 2013,
a purported class action lawsuit was filed against Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin Ltd. in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois.  The lead plaintiff was Andrea Katz, on behalf of herself and all others similarly situated. 
The class of plaintiffs that Andrea Katz purported to represent includes all individuals who purchased any model of Forerunner
watch in the State of Illinois and the United States. Plaintiff asserted claims for breach of contract, breach of express warranty,
breach of implied warranties, negligence, negligent misrepresentation, and violations of Illinois statutory law. Plaintiff alleged
that Forerunner watch bands have an unacceptable rate of failure in that they detach from the watch. Plaintiff sought compensatory
and punitive damages, prejudgment interest, costs, and attorneys’ fees, and injunctive relief. On January 29, 2014 the court
dismissed the lawsuit without prejudice. On January 30, 2014, the plaintiff re-filed the lawsuit with the same claims for relief
as the earlier action and adding an additional claim for unjust enrichment.  On February 4, 2014, the court ordered the case
to be transferred to the United States District Court for the District of Utah.  The plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the
case filed in Illinois and, on March 6, 2014, she refiled the lawsuit in the District Court for the District of Utah with the
same claims, but with additional claims for violations of the Utah Consumers Sales Practice Act, Lanham Act, and Utah Truth in
Advertising Act.  The relief she requested is the same.  On March 31, 2014, Garmin filed a motion to transfer the venue
of the Utah action back to the Northern District of Illinois.  On October 21, 2014, the United States District Court for
the District of Utah denied Garmin’s motion to transfer venue. On December 26, 2014, Garmin filed a motion to dismiss certain
counts of the complaint. On April 16, 2015 the court granted Garmin’s motion in part and dismissed with prejudice (i) Mr.
Katz’s (but not Mrs. Katz’s) claim for breach of the implied warranty of merchantability, (ii) the plaintiffs’
Lanham Act claim, (iii) the plaintiffs’ negligence claim and (iv) the plaintiffs’ negligent misrepresentation claim.
No class was certified.  The parties agreed to settle the lawsuit in consideration of a settlement under which Garmin would
pay the plaintiff’s counsel $385,000 in attorneys’ fees and would repair or replace Forerunner 610 watchbands and
watches at no cost provided that a request is made within twelve months of the date of the final approval of the settlement by
the court. On November 3, 2016 the court granted final approval of the settlement. 

   

 In the Matter of
Certain Marine Sonar Imaging Devices, Including Downscan and Sidescan Devices, Products Containing the Same, and Components Thereof 

   

 On June 9, 2014 Navico
Inc. and Navico Holding AS filed a complaint with the United States International Trade Commission (“ITC”) against
Garmin International, Inc., Garmin North America, Inc., Garmin USA, Inc. and Garmin (Asia) Corporation (collectively “Garmin”)
alleging a violation of Section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, through alleged infringement by Garmin of U.S. Patents
8,300,499 (“the ’499 patent”); 8,305,840 (“the ’840 patent”); and 8,605,550 (“the ’550
patent”). On July 9, 2014 the ITC instituted an investigation pursuant to the complaint. Garmin believes that each asserted
claim of the ‘499 patent, the ‘840 patent, and the ‘550 patent is invalid and/or not infringed. A trial hearing
before the Administrative Law Judge was held on March 18 through March 24, 2015. The Administrative Law Judge issued his initial
determination on July 2, 2015 finding that the asserted claims of the ‘840, ‘499 and ‘550 patents are valid
but that there is no infringement by Garmin of the ‘840 patent, the ‘499 patent or the ‘550 patent. On December
1, 2015 the ITC issued a Final Determination finding that most of the asserted claims of the ‘840, ‘499 and ‘550
patents are valid and that there is no infringement by Garmin of the ‘499 patent but that there is infringement by Garmin
of the ‘840 and ‘550 patents. The ITC held that claims 1, 7, 12, 13, and 57 of the ‘550 patent were invalid
as obvious. The ITC issued a limited exclusion order prohibiting the import into the USA of infringing products and cease and
desist orders prohibiting certain domestic activities relating to the infringing products. On January 27, 2016, Navico filed a
petition for review of the ITC’s Final Determination in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (the “Federal
Circuit”). On February 10, 2016, Garmin filed with the Federal Circuit: (i) a motion to intervene in Navico's appeal, and
(ii) a petition for review of the abovementioned Final Determination. Garmin is seeking review of all issues appealable in the
case, including the portions of the Final Determination finding infringement of the ’840 and ’550 patents. On February
16, 2016 Navico filed a request that the ITC initiate an enforcement proceeding in connection with alleged violations by Garmin
of the ITC’s cease and desist orders. On June 3, 2016 Navico withdrew, without prejudice, its request that the ITC initiate
an enforcement proceeding. On May 20, 2016 Navico filed a petition for modification of the limited exclusion order issued by the
ITC. On June 1, 2016 Garmin filed its opposition to Navico’s petition for modification of the limited exclusion order. On
June 9, 2016 Navico filed a reply to Garmin’s opposition. On June 10, 2016 Navico filed a motion for leave to file said
reply. On June 20, 2016 Garmin filed an opposition to Navico’s motion for leave to file a reply. On August 18, 2016 the
International Trade Commission (“ITC”) granted Navico’s petition for modification of the limited exclusion order
and issued a modified limited exclusion order. On August 24, 2016 Garmin filed with the ITC a motion to stay the modified limited
exclusion order pending Garmin’s appeal of this order. On August 29, 2016 Garmin filed a notice of appeal against the ITC’s
modified limited exclusion order to the Federal Circuit. On August 30, 2016 Garmin filed with the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals
a motion for an interim stay of the ITC’s modified exclusion order and a stay of such order pending resolution of Garmin’s
appeal. On August 30, 2016 Garmin also filed with the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals a motion to expedite the schedule for Garmin’s
motion for an interim stay of the ITC’s modified exclusion order and a stay of such order pending resolution of Garmin’s
appeal and a motion for an expedited schedule for Garmin’s appeal against the modified limited exclusion order. On September
6, 2016 Navico filed with the ITC its opposition to Garmin’s motion for a stay of the modified limited exclusion order.
On September 6, 2016 Navico filed with the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals its opposition to Garmin’s motion to expedite
the schedule for Garmin’s motion for an interim stay of the ITC’s modified exclusion order and a stay of such order
pending resolution of Garmin’s appeal and its opposition to Garmin’s motion for an expedited schedule for Garmin’s
appeal against the modified limited exclusion order. On September 6, 2016 the ITC filed with the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals
its opposition to Garmin’s motion for an interim stay of the ITC’s modified exclusion order and a stay of such order
pending resolution of Garmin’s appeal and its opposition to Garmin’s motion for an expedited schedule for Garmin’s
appeal against the modified limited exclusion order. On September 21, 2016 the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals granted Garmin’s
motion to expedite the schedule for Garmin’s appeal against the modified limited exclusion order. On October 20, 2016, the
ITC denied Garmin’s motion to stay the modified limited exclusion order pending appeal. On October 21, 2016, the Federal
Circuit denied Garmin’s motion to stay the modified limited exclusion order pending appeal. On January 10, 2017 the Federal
Circuit held hearings on (1) Navico’s petition for review of the ITC’s Final Determination, (2) Garmin’s petition
for review of the ITC’s Final Determination, and (3) Garmin’s appeal against the ITC’s modification of the limited
exclusion order. 

   


 
       33   
       
     

   

 On August 30, 2016, Navico filed a new request that the ITC initiate an enforcement proceeding for alleged
violations by Garmin of the cease and desist orders issued by the ITC. The ITC initiated that proceeding on October 11, 2016. On
January 6, 2017, in connection with this proceeding, Garmin filed a motion for summary determination of no infringement by its
tilted DownVü sonar products. Also on January 6, 2017 Navico and Garmin filed a joint stipulation regarding representative
products in which, among other things, Navico stated that it is not asserting infringement of ClearVü systems that include
a ClearVü transducer and does not assert that ClearVü systems are covered by the ITC’s cease and desist orders.
On January 18, 2017 Navico filed its opposition to Garmin’s motion for summary determination of no infringement by its tilted
DownVü sonar products. On January 25, 2017 Garmin filed a motion for leave to file a reply in support of its motion for summary
determination. On January 31, 2017 Navico filed an opposition to Garmin’s motion for leave to file a reply in support of
its motion for summary determination. The Administrative Law Judge has scheduled a hearing in the enforcement proceeding for March
6 and 7, 2017. 

   

 

 Although there can be no
assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity
or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this
action. 



 

    

 Navico Inc. And
Navico Holding AS v. Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. 

   

 

 On June 4, 2014 Navico
Inc. and Navico Holding AS filed suit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma against Garmin
International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. alleging infringement of U.S. Patents 8,300,499 (“the ’499 patent”);
8,305,840 (“the ’840 patent”); and 8,605,550 (“the ’550 patent”). On October 21, 2014, Garmin
filed its answer asserting that each asserted claim of the ‘499, ‘840, and ‘550 patents is invalid and/or not
infringed. On September 30, 2015, the court held a hearing on claim construction and the parties await the court’s claim
construction order. On December 4, 2015 Garmin filed a motion for summary judgment of invalidity on the basis that the asserted
claims of the ‘840 and ‘550 patents are invalid for failure to comply with the definiteness requirements of 35 U.S.S.
§112 and that the asserted claims of ‘840 and ‘550 patents are also invalid for failure to comply with the written
description requirement of 35 U.S.C. §112 and for summary judgment of non-infringement on the basis that there is no infringement
by Garmin of the asserted claims of the ‘499 patent. Garmin also filed a motion for summary judgment of non-infringement
of all asserted patents for its second generation DownVü sonar design. On December 4, 2015 Navico filed a motion for partial
summary judgment of infringement on the basis that Garmin infringes certain claims of the ‘840 and ‘550 patents, and
for summary judgment of validity on the basis that the asserted claims of the ‘840 patent are not anticipated by certain
prior art references and that the asserted claims of the ‘840 and ‘550 patents include an adequate written description.
On January 15, 2016 the court issued an order staying this lawsuit pending the final determination of any appeal filed with the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit concerning the final determination of the United States International Trade Commission
in In the Matter of Certain Marine Sonar Imaging Devices, Including Downscan and Sidescan Devices, Products Containing the Same,
and Components Thereof .  Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have
a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit
are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit. 



    


 
       34   
       
     

   

 Navico Inc. And
Navico Holding AS v. Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. 

   

 

 On March 4, 2016, Navico
Inc. and Navico Holding AS filed suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, Marshall Division,
against Garmin International, Inc. and Garmin USA, Inc. (collectively, “Garmin”) alleging infringement of U.S. Patents
9,223,022 (“the ’022 patent”) and 9,244,168 (“the ’168 patent”). On April 1, 2016 Garmin filed
its answer asserting that each asserted claim of the ‘022 and ‘168 patents is invalid and/or not infringed and that
the ‘022 and ‘168 patents are unenforceable due to inequitable conduct by Navico’s representatives during the
prosecution of these patents. On April 1, 2016 Garmin also filed a motion to transfer this action to the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma. The court held a claim construction hearing on February 3, 2017 and the trial is scheduled
to commence on September 5, 2017.    On November 18, 2016,   Navico amended its complaint to allege false advertising
claims under the Lanham Act arising from Garmin’s ClearVü advertising materials. On February 6, 2017 the court denied
Garmin’s motion to transfer this action to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma. Although
there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect on our operating
results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously
defend this lawsuit. 



 

     

 Pioneer Corporation
v. Iiyonet Inc.  

   

 On October 2, 2014, Pioneer Corporation filed suit in the Tokyo District Court in Japan against Iiyonet
Inc. alleging certain Garmin consumer products infringe Japanese Patent No. 3,442,138 (the ‘138 patent). Iiyonet Inc. is
the Garmin distributor in Japan for consumer products and was acquired by Garmin in September 2016. Garmin intervened in this action
on December 19, 2014, and has filed an answer asserting that the asserted claim of the ‘138 patent is invalid and/or not
infringed. On February 25, 2015, Garmin filed a request for Trial of Invalidation for the ‘138 patent before the Japanese
Patent Office. Preparatory oral arguments were held before the Tokyo District Court on March 9, 2015. A second round of preparatory
oral arguments was held before the Tokyo District Court on May 21, 2015. The parties filed multiple rounds of preparatory documents
with the Tokyo District Court between May 21, 2015, and November 30, 2015. On October 9, 2015, the Japanese Patent Office issued
an Advanced Notice of Trial Decision finding that Pioneer’s asserted claims are invalid as overbroad but not invalid due
to novelty or inventive step. On April 8, 2016, the Japanese Patent Office issued a Trial Decision finding that Pioneer’s
asserted claims, as amended, are valid. Garmin has appealed the Japanese Patent Office’s Trial Decision. On August 31, 2016
the Tokyo District Court dismissed all of Pioneer’s claims and held that Garmin’s products do not infringe any of Pioneer’s
asserted patents. On September 14, 2016 Pioneer filed an appeal from this ruling to the IP High Court of Japan. The IP High Court
has scheduled a hearing for April 25, 2017. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would
not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in
this lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 

   

 

 PulseOn Oy v. Garmin
(Europe) Ltd. 



   

 

 On November 11, 2016, PulseOn Oy filed suit
in the Patents Court in London, England, against Garmin (Europe) Ltd. alleging infringement of alleged UK unregistered design rights
and Registered European Community Design No. 002473769-0004 (the “ 0004 Design”) and Registered European Community
Design No. 002473769-0005 (the “ 0005 Design”) by certain Garmin products with wrist-worn heart rate monitors. On January
6, 2017 Garmin filed an application for an order that PulseOn provide a response to a Request for Further Information which Garmin
served on PulseOn on December 21, 2016. On January 13, 2017 Garmin filed an application for security for costs. The court has scheduled
a hearing on these applications on February 24, 2016. On January 16, 2017 Garmin served its Defence and Counterclaim denying infringement
of the UK unregistered design rights and the 0004 Design and the 0005 Design and counterclaiming for revocation of the 0004 Design
and the 0005 Design as being invalid. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not
have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this
lawsuit are without merit and intends to vigorously defend this action. 



    


 
       35   
       
     

   

 Visteon Global
Technologies, Inc. and Visteon Technologies LLC v. Garmin International, Inc.  

   

 

 On February 10, 2010, Visteon
Global Technologies, Inc. and Visteon Technologies LLC filed suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District
of Michigan, Southern Division, against Garmin International, Inc. alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,544,060 (“the
‘060 patent”), U.S. Patent No. 5,654,892 (“the ‘892 patent”), U.S. Patent No. 5,832,408 (“the
‘408 patent”), U.S. Patent No 5,987,375 (“the ‘375 patent”) and U.S. Patent No 6,097,316 (“the
‘316 patent”). On May 17, 2010, Garmin filed its answer asserting that each claim of the ‘060 patent, the ‘892
patent, the ‘408 patent and the ‘375 patent is invalid and/or not infringed. On April 12, 2011, the special master
appointed by the court held a claim construction hearing. On December 12, 2011, the court issued an order adopting the special
master’s report construing the claims of the patents-in-suit. On September 14, 2012, Garmin filed with the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office petitions for  ex parte  reexamination of the ‘408 patent and the ‘060 patent as being anticipated
and obvious in view of the prior art. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office subsequently granted Garmin’s requests for  ex
parte  reexaminations and initially rejected all identified claims. On April 15, 2013, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
issued a reexamination certificate confirming the patentability of the challenged claims of the ‘060 patent. On September
16, 2013, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued a first reexamination certification canceling some of the challenged claims
of the ‘408 patent and confirming the patentability of other claims. On November 30, 2012, Garmin filed motions for summary
judgment of non-infringement and/or invalidity for the ‘892, ‘316, and ‘375 patents. Visteon filed its own motions
for summary judgment of infringement of the ‘408 patent and validity, under section 112, of the ‘375 and ‘060
patents.  On February 4, 2013, the summary judgment motions were referred to the special master for consideration. On May
23, 2014 the special master held a hearing on the summary judgment motions. Prior to the hearing Visteon dropped its claim that
Garmin infringes the ‘316 patent. On September 17, 2014, the special master issued a report recommending that Garmin’s
motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of the ‘375 patent be granted, Visteon’s motion for summary judgment
of validity under section 112 of the ‘375 and ‘060 patents be granted, and that all other motions for summary judgment
be denied. On March 18, 2015, the court issued an order granting Garmin’s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement
of the ‘375 patent, denying Visteon’s motion for summary judgment as to the ‘408 patent, rejecting the Special
Master’s recommendation to grant Visteon’s motion for summary judgment as to Garmin’s Section 112 defenses and
denying Visteon’s motion for summary judgment as to Garmin’s Section 112 defenses, denying Garmin’s motion for
summary judgment as to the ‘892 patent and dismissing as withdrawn Visteon’s claim of infringement of the ‘316
patent. On November 21, 2014, Garmin filed a second request for ex parte reexamination of the ‘408 patent. On March 23, 2015,
the U.S. Patent Office issued a non-final office action finding the challenged claims of the ‘408 patent to be invalid and/or
obvious in view of the prior art. On August 18, 2015, the U.S. Patent Office issued a final rejection finding claim 6 to be invalid
but finding claims 4-5 to be patentable. On December 18, 2015, Visteon appealed the final rejection of claim 6. The court held
a pretrial conference on September 28, 2015. At the pretrial conference, the court referred all pending motions to the special
master for consideration. On May 23, 2016 the court also issued an order granting Garmin’s motion to exclude certain Garmin
products from the lawsuit and granting in part Garmin’s motion to strike certain expert reports of certain of Visteon’s
expert witnesses. On July 13, 2016, the court held a hearing on Garmin’s motion to exclude testimony of two of Visteon’s
proposed expert witnesses. The court ordered the parties to submit additional briefing after the hearing with arguments based on
the testimony provided at the hearing. On August 10, 2016 the Special Master issued a report and recommendations in which he recommended
to the Court (a) the denial of two motions  in limine  filed by Visteon which had sought to exclude certain evidence from
being offered at trial by Garmin and (b) the granting of Garmin’s motion  in limine  to exclude certain expert testimony
concerning alleged infringement of the ’892 patent. On September 12, 2016 the Court issued an opinion and order in which
it (a) granted Visteon’s motion  in limine  to exclude evidence of the fee agreement between Visteon and its counsel,
(b) denied Visteon’s motion in  limine  to exclude evidence of a certain license agreement, and (c) denied Visteon’s
motion to exclude Garmin’s expert witness on damages from testifying as to damages on behalf of Garmin. On October 14, 2016
the Court issued an order granting Garmin’s motion to exclude testimony of two of Visteon’s expert witnesses, including
the testimony of Visteon’s expert witness as to damages. On October 20, 2016, the Court adopted the Special Master’s
findings regarding the denied motions  in limine  but reversed the Special Master’s finding on the ‘892 patent
to allow Visteon to present use survey evidence. No trial date has yet been set nor has any date been set for the special master’s
review. Although there can be no assurance that an unfavorable outcome of this litigation would not have a material adverse effect
on our operating results, liquidity or financial position, Garmin believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit and
intends to vigorously defend this action. 



 

   


 
       36   
       
     

   

 In the normal course
of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, actions, and complaints, including matters
involving patent infringement, other intellectual property, product liability, customer claims and various other risks. It is
not possible to predict with certainty whether or not the Company and its subsidiaries will ultimately be successful in any of
these legal matters, or if not, what the impact might be. However, the Company’s management does not expect that the results
in any of these legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial
position or cash flows. 

   

 The Company settled
or resolved certain matters during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 that did not individually or in the aggregate have
a material impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosure 

   

 None. 

   

 Executive Officers of the Registrant 

   

 Pursuant to General
Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and instruction 3 to paragraph (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K, the following list is included
as an unnumbered Item in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in lieu of being included in the Company’s Definitive
Proxy Statement in connection with its annual meeting of shareholders scheduled for June 9, 2017. 

   

 Dr. Min H. Kao ,
age 68, has served as Executive Chairman of Garmin Ltd. since January 2013 and was previously Chairman of Garmin Ltd. from August
2004 to December 2012 and Co-Chairman of Garmin Ltd. from August 2000 to August 2004. He served as Chief Executive Officer of
Garmin Ltd. from August 2002 to December 2012 and previously served as Co-Chief Executive Officer from August 2000 to August 2002.
Dr. Kao served as a director and officer of various subsidiaries of the Company from August 1990 until January 2013. Dr. Kao holds
Ph.D. and MS degrees in Electrical Engineering from the University of Tennessee and a BS degree in Electrical Engineering from
National Taiwan University. 

   

 Clifton A. Pemble ,
age 51, has served as a director of Garmin Ltd. since August 2004. He has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Garmin
Ltd. since January 2013. Previously, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Garmin Ltd. from October 2007 to December
2012, and is currently maintaining the role of principal operating officer. Previously, he was Vice President, Engineering of
Garmin International, Inc. from 2005 to October 2007, Director of Engineering of Garmin International, Inc. from 2003 to 2005,
 Software Engineering Manager of Garmin International, Inc. from 1995 to 2002, and a Software Engineer with Garmin International,
Inc. from 1989 to 1995. Mr. Pemble has served as a director and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries since August 2003. Mr.
Pemble holds BA degrees in Mathematics and Computer Science from MidAmerica Nazarene University. 

   


 
       37   
       
     

   

 Douglas G. Boessen ,
age 54, has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Garmin Ltd. since July 2014. He previously served as Chief Financial
Officer of EiKO Global, LLC from September 2013 to May 2014, as well as Collective Brands, Inc. from November 1997 to November
2012. Mr. Boessen has served as a director and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries since July 2014. Mr. Boessen is a certified
public accountant and holds a BS degree in Business from the University of Central Missouri and is a graduate of the executive
development program at Northwestern University’s Kellogg Graduate School of Management. 

   

 Andrew R. Etkind ,
age 61, has served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Garmin Ltd. since June 2009. He was previously General
Counsel and Secretary of Garmin Ltd. from August 2000 to June 2009. He has been Vice President and General Counsel of Garmin International,
Inc. since July 2007, General Counsel since February 1998, and Secretary since October 1998. Mr. Etkind has served as a director
and officer of various Garmin subsidiaries since December 2001. Mr. Etkind holds BA, MA and LLM degrees from Cambridge University,
England and a JD degree from the University of Michigan Law School. 

   

 All executive officers
are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors. None of the executive officers have an employment
agreement with the Company. There are no arrangements or understandings between the executive officers and any other person pursuant
to which he or she was or is to be selected as an officer. There is no family relationship among any of the executive officers.
Dr. Min H. Kao is the brother of Ruey-Jeng Kao, who is a supervisor of Garmin Corporation, Garmin’s Taiwan subsidiary, who
serves as an ex-officio member of Garmin Corporation’s Board of Directors. 

   

 PART II 

   

 Item 5.  Market for the Company’s Common Shares, Related
Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   

 Garmin’s common shares have traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol “GRMN”
since its initial public offering on December 8, 2000 (the “IPO”). As of February 3, 2017, there were 182 shareholders
of record. 

   

 The high and low daily
closing prices of Garmin’s common shares as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market for each fiscal quarter of fiscal years
2016 and 2015 was as follows: 

   

 
 
         
     Year Ended   
 
         
     December 31, 2016     
     December 26, 2015   
 
         
     High     
     Low     
     High     
     Low   
 
     First Quarter   
     $ 41.44     
     $ 32.29     
     $ 56.81     
     $ 47.47   
 
     Second Quarter   
     $ 43.88     
     $ 39.10     
     $ 48.13     
     $ 44.21   
 
     Third Quarter   
     $ 55.75     
     $ 39.68     
     $ 46.40     
     $ 35.45   
 
     Fourth Quarter   
     $ 52.87     
     $ 47.01     
     $ 38.27     
     $ 32.28   
 

   

 On June 10, 2016,
the shareholders approved a dividend of $2.04 per share out of Garmin’s general reserves from capital contribution payable
in four equal installments. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2016   
     June 16, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 
     September 30, 2016   
     September 15, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 
     December 30, 2016   
     December 14, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 
     March 31, 2017   
     March 15, 2017   
     $ 0.51   
 

   


 
       38   
       
     

   

 The Company paid the
2016 dividends in accordance with the schedule above and expects to pay the March 31, 2017 dividend. In addition, Garmin currently
expects to pay a quarterly cash dividend in the remaining three quarters of 2017. The decision of whether to pay a dividend and
the amount of the dividend will be voted on by the Company’s shareholders as required by Swiss law. 

   

 On June 5, 2015, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $2.04 per share (of which $1.02 was paid in the Company’s 2015 fiscal year) payable
in four equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2015   
     June 16, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     September 30, 2015   
     September 15, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     December 31, 2015   
     December 15, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     March 31, 2016   
     March 16, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 

   

 

 The Board of Directors
approved a share repurchase program on February 13, 2015, authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of the Company’s
shares as market and business conditions warrant. The share repurchase authorization expires on December 31, 2017. See Note 11
for additional information regarding the share repurchase plan. 



 

    

 
 
     Period   
     Total # of  Shares Purchased     
     Average Price  Paid Per Share     
     Maximum Number of Shares (or  Approx. Dollar Value of Shares  in thousands) That May Yet be   Purchased Under the Plan   
 
     Sept 25 - Oct 22, 2016   
       215,700     
     $ 48.34     
     $ 92,940   
 
     Oct 23 - Nov 19, 2016   
       189,377     
     $ 48.67     
     $ 83,722   
 
     Nov 20 - Dec 31, 2016   
       167,294     
     $ 50.02     
     $ 75,354   
 
     Total   
       572,371     
     $ 48.94     
     $ 75,354   
 

   

 We refer you to Item
12 of this report under the caption “Equity Compensation Plan Information” for certain equity plan information required
to be disclosed by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K. 

   

 Stock Performance Graph 

   

 This performance graph shall not be deemed ‘‘filed’’
with the SEC or subject to Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference
in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

   

 The graph below matches Garmin Ltd.'s cumulative
5-Year total shareholder return on common stock with the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ Composite index and the NASDAQ
100 index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment
of all dividends) from 12/31/2011 to 12/31/2016. 

   


 
       39   
       
     

 
   

 

   

 
 
         
     12/11     
     12/12     
     12/13     
     12/14     
     12/15     
     12/16   
 
         
           
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Garmin Ltd.   
       100.00     
       106.74     
       126.71     
       150.02     
       110.91     
       151.50   
 
     NASDAQ Composite   
       100.00     
       116.41     
       165.47     
       188.69     
       200.32     
       216.54   
 
     NASDAQ 100   
       100.00     
       119.87     
       171.55     
       205.70     
       230.27     
       245.74   
 

   

 The stock price
performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

   

 Item 6.  Selected Financial Data 

   

 The following table
sets forth selected consolidated financial data of the Company. The selected consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31,
2016 and December 26, 2015 and the selected consolidated statement of income data for the years ended December 31, 2016, December
26, 2015, and December 27, 2014 were derived from the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements and the related
notes thereto which are included in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. The selected consolidated balance sheet data as
of December 27, 2014, December 28, 2013, and December 29, 2012 and the selected consolidated statement of income data for the
years ended December 28, 2013 and December 29, 2012 were derived from the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements,
not included herein. 

   

 The information set
forth below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations and should be read together with "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the consolidated financial statements and notes
to those statements included in Items 7 and 8 in Part II of this Form 10-K. 

   


 
       40   
       
     

   

 

 
 
         
     Years ended (1)   
 
         
     Dec. 31, 2016     
     Dec. 26, 2015     
     Dec. 27, 2014     
     Dec. 28, 2013     
     Dec. 29, 2012   
 
         
     (in thousands, except per share data)   
 
     Consolidated Statements of Income Data:   
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 3,018,665     
     $ 2,820,270     
     $ 2,870,658     
     $ 2,631,851     
     $ 2,715,675   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       1,339,095     
       1,281,566     
       1,266,246     
       1,224,551     
       1,277,195   
 
     Gross profit   
       1,679,570     
       1,538,704     
       1,604,412     
       1,407,300     
       1,438,480   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating expenses:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       177,143     
       167,166     
       146,633     
       112,905     
       138,757   
 
     Selling, general and administrative   
       410,558     
       394,914     
       372,032     
       355,440     
       369,790   
 
     Research and development   
       467,960     
       427,043     
       395,121     
       364,923     
       325,773   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       1,055,661     
       989,123     
       913,786     
       833,268     
       834,320   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
       623,909     
       549,581     
       690,626     
       574,032     
       604,160   
 
     Other income, net (2)(3)   
       5,761     
       17,606     
       33,119     
       79,526     
       20,368   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       629,670     
       567,187     
       723,745     
       653,558     
       624,528   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Income tax provision (4)(5)   
       118,856     
       110,960     
       359,534     
       41,146     
       82,125   
 
     Net income   
     $ 510,814     
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211     
     $ 612,412     
     $ 542,403   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net income per share:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
     $ 2.71     
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.89     
     $ 3.13     
     $ 2.78   
 
     Diluted   
     $ 2.70     
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.88     
     $ 3.12     
     $ 2.76   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Weighted average common shares outstanding:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Basic   
       188,818     
       190,631     
       193,106     
       195,411     
       194,909   
 
     Diluted   
       189,343     
       191,107     
       194,165     
       196,341     
       196,213   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Dividends declared per share   
     $ 2.04     
     $ 2.04     
     $ 1.92     
     $ 1.80     
     $ 1.80   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Balance Sheet Data (at end of Period):   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 846,883     
     $ 833,070     
     $ 1,196,268     
     $ 1,179,149     
     $ 1,231,180   
 
     Marketable securities   
       1,480,237     
       1,558,548     
       1,575,333     
       1,651,968     
       1,641,395   
 
     Total assets   
       4,525,133     
       4,499,391     
       4,693,303     
       4,879,603     
       4,819,124   
 
     Total debt   
       -     
       -     
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
     Total stockholders' equity   
       3,418,003     
       3,345,126     
       3,403,367     
       3,659,706     
       3,531,796   
 

    

   

   

 

 
 (1) Our fiscal year-end is the last Saturday of the calendar
year and does not always fall on December 31. All years presented contain 52 weeks excluding Fiscal 2016 which includes 53 weeks. 
 

 
 (2) Other income, net mainly consists of gain (loss) on sale
of marketable securities, interest income, and foreign currency gain (loss). 
 

 
 (3) Includes $31.7 million, $23.5 million, $4.3 million, and
$20.0 million of foreign currency losses in 2016, 2015, 2014, and 2012, respectively, and $35.5 million of foreign currency gain
in 2013. 
 

 
 (4) 2014 – includes $72.9 million income tax reserve
release due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations or completion of tax audits partially offset by Swiss withholding
tax expense due to the release of reserves; 2013 - includes $68.7 million income tax reserve release due to expiration of certain
statutes of limitations or completion of tax audits partially offset by Taiwan surtax expense due to the release of reserves 
 

 
 (5) Includes a $307.6 million income tax expense in 2014 associated
with our inter-company restructuring discussed within Item 7 - Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
- Comparison of the 52-weeks ended December, 26 2015 and December 27, 2014 
 



 

   


 
       41   
       
     

   

 Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

   

 The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations focuses on and is intended to clarify the results of our operations,
certain changes in our financial position, liquidity, capital structure and business developments for the periods covered by the
consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K. This discussion should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified
by reference to, the other related information including, but not limited to, the audited consolidated financial statements (including
the notes thereto), the description of our business, all as set forth in this Form 10-K, as well as the risk factors discussed
above in Item 1A. 

   

 As previously noted,
the discussion set forth below, as well as other portions of this Form 10-K, contain statements concerning potential future events.
Readers can identify these forward-looking statements by their use of such verbs as “expects,” “anticipates,”
“believes” or similar verbs or conjugations of such verbs. If any of our assumptions on which the statements are based
prove incorrect or should unanticipated circumstances arise, our actual results could materially differ from those anticipated
by such forward-looking statements. The differences could be caused by a number of factors or combination of factors including,
but not limited to, those discussed above in Item 1A. Readers are strongly encouraged to consider those factors when evaluating
any such forward-looking statement. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. 

   

 Garmin’s fiscal
year is a 52-53 week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Fiscal year 2016 contains 53 weeks compared to 52
weeks for 2015 and 2014. Unless otherwise stated, all years and dates refer to the Company’s fiscal year and fiscal periods.
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to "we," "us," "our" and similar
terms refer to Garmin Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 

   

 Unless otherwise indicated,
dollar amounts set forth in the tables are in thousands, except per share data. 

   

 Overview 

   

 We are a leading worldwide
provider of navigation, communications and information devices, most of which are enabled by Global Positioning System, or GPS,
technology. We operate in five business segments, which serve the marine, outdoor, fitness, auto, and aviation markets. Our segments
offer products through our network of subsidiary distributors and independent dealers and distributors. However, the nature of
products and types of customers for the five segments can vary significantly. As such, the segments are managed separately. 

   

 Since our first products
were delivered in 1991, we have generated positive income from operations each year and have funded our growth from these profits. 

   

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

   

 General 

   

 Garmin’s discussion
and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon Garmin’s consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The presentation of
these financial statements requires Garmin to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, Garmin evaluates its
estimates, including those related to customer sales programs and incentives, product returns, bad debts, inventories, investments,
intangible assets, income taxes, warranty obligations, and contingencies and litigation. Garmin bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form
the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

   


 
       42   
       
     

   

 For information on each of the following
critical accounting policies and/or estimates, refer to the discussion in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as
indicated in the table below: 

   

 

 
 
     Revenue Recognition 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Trade Accounts Receivable 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Loan Receivable 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Warranties 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Inventory 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Long-Lived Assets (including Goodwill) 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 
     Investments 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies & Note 3 - Marketable Securities 
 
     Income Taxes 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies & Note 6 - Income Taxes 
 
     Stock Based Compensation 
     Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies & Note 9 - Stock Compensation Plans 
 


 

   

 Accounting Terms and Characteristics 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 

 Our net sales are primarily
generated through sales to our retail partners, dealer and distributor network and to original equipment manufacturers. Refer to
the Revenue Recognition discussion in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   Our sales
are largely of a consumer nature, and there is a relatively short cycle between order and shipment. Therefore, we believe that
backlog levels are not necessarily indicative of our future sales results, and backlog information is not material to the understanding
of our business. We typically ship most orders within 72 hours of receipt. 



 

   

 Net sales are subject to seasonal fluctuation. Sales of our
consumer products are generally higher in the fourth quarter, due to increased demand during the holiday buying season, and, to
a lesser extent, the second quarter, due to increased demand during the spring and summer season. Sales of consumer products are
also influenced by the timing of the release of new products. Our aviation products do not experience much seasonal variation,
but are more influenced by the timing of aircraft certifications and the release of new products when the initial demand is typically
the strongest. 

   

 Cost
of Sales/Gross Profit 

   

 Raw material costs
are our most significant component of cost of goods sold. Our existing practice of performing the design and manufacture of our
products in-house has enabled us to source components from different suppliers and, where possible, to redesign our products to
leverage lower cost components. We believe that our flexible production model allows our Xizhi, Jhongli, and LinKou manufacturing
plants in Taiwan; Yangzhou manufacturing plant in China; and our Olathe, Kansas, and Salem, Oregon manufacturing plants in the
U.S. to experience relatively low costs of manufacturing. In general, products manufactured in Taiwan have been our highest volume
products. Our manufacturing labor costs historically have been lower in Taiwan and China than in Olathe and Salem. 

   

 

 Sales price variability
has had and can be expected to have an effect on our gross profit. In the past, prices of our devices sold into the auto market
have declined due to market pressures and introduction of new products sold at lower price points. In recent years, pricing has
stabilized in auto, allowing for relatively stable gross margins excluding the impact of deferred revenues and costs. The average
selling prices of our aviation, outdoor, fitness, and marine products have historically been stable due to product mix and the
introduction of more advanced products sold at higher prices. The effect of the sales price differences inherent within the mix
of products sold could have a significant impact on our gross profit. 



 

     


 
       43   
       
     

   

 Advertising Expense 

   

 Our advertising expenses
consist of costs for media advertising, cooperative advertising with our retail partners, point of sale displays, and sponsorships. 

   

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

   

 Our selling, general and administrative
expenses consist primarily of: 

   

 
 · salaries
                                         for sales, marketing and product support personnel; 
 

 
 · salaries
                                         and related costs for executives and administrative personnel; 
 

 
 · marketing,
                                         and other brand building costs; 
 

 
 · accounting
                                         and legal costs; 
 

 
 · information
                                         systems and infrastructure costs; 
 

 
 · travel
                                         and related costs; and 
 

 
 · occupancy
                                         and other overhead costs. 
 

   

 Research and Development 

   

 

 The majority of our research
and development costs represent salaries for our engineers, costs for high technology components and costs of test equipment used
in product and prototype development. 



 

    

 We are committed to
increasing the level of innovative design and development of new products as we strive for expanded ability to serve our existing
consumer and aviation markets as well as new markets for active lifestyle products. 

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 We have experienced a relatively low effective corporate tax rate due to the proportion of our revenue
generated by entities in tax jurisdictions with low statutory rates. In particular, the profit entitlement afforded our Swiss-based
companies based on their intellectual property rights ownership of our consumer products have contributed to our relatively low
effective corporate tax rate. 

   

 Results of Operations 

   

 The following table
sets forth our results of operations as a percentage of net sales during the periods shown (the table may not foot due to rounding): 

   


 
       44   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended     
     52-weeks ended     
     52-weeks ended   
 
         
     Dec. 31,     
     Dec. 26,     
     Dec. 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Net sales   
       100 %   
       100 %   
       100 % 
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       44 %   
       45 %   
       44 % 
 
     Gross profit   
       56 %   
       55 %   
       56 % 
 
     Operating expenses:   
             
             
           
 
     Advertising   
       6 %   
       6 %   
       5 % 
 
     Selling, general and administrative   
       14 %   
       14 %   
       13 % 
 
     Research and development   
       16 %   
       15 %   
       14 % 
 
     Total operating expenses   
       35 %   
       35 %   
       32 % 
 
     Operating income   
       21 %   
       19 %   
       24 % 
 
     Other income, net   
       0 %   
       1 %   
       1 % 
 
     Income before income taxes   
       21 %   
       20 %   
       25 % 
 
     Provision for income taxes   
       4 %   
       4 %   
       13 % 
 
     Net income   
       17 %   
       16 %   
       13 % 
 

   

 

 In 2016 the Company moved action camera related
revenue and expenses from the outdoor segment to the auto segment, allowing for alignment and synergies with other camera-based
efforts occurring within the auto segment. The overall impact of the move was immaterial. However, action camera related operating
results for the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 have been recast to conform to the current year presentation. 

   

 The following table sets forth our results
of operations through operating income for each of our five segments during the period shown. For each line item in the table,
the total of the segments’ amounts equals the amount in the consolidated statements of income data included in Item 6.  

   

 

 
 
     53-weeks ended December 31, 2016   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Auto     
     Aviation   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 546,326     
     $ 818,486     
     $ 331,947     
     $ 882,558     
     $ 439,348   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       205,822     
       381,281     
       148,238     
       493,811     
       109,943   
 
     Gross profit   
       340,504     
       437,205     
       183,709     
       388,747     
       329,405   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       31,005     
       90,871     
       15,516     
       33,122     
       6,629   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       77,016     
       118,753     
       60,061     
       127,618     
       27,110   
 
     Research and development expense   
       48,448     
       66,985     
       55,965     
       125,660     
       170,902   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       156,469     
       276,609     
       131,542     
       286,400     
       204,641   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
     $ 184,035     
     $ 160,596     
     $ 52,167     
     $ 102,347     
     $ 124,764   
 

   

 
 
     52-weeks ended December 26, 2015   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Auto     
     Aviation   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 411,184     
     $ 661,599     
     $ 286,778     
     $ 1,062,091     
     $ 398,618   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       156,306     
       295,460     
       128,285     
       597,611     
       103,904   
 
     Gross profit   
       254,878     
       366,139     
       158,493     
       464,480     
       294,714   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       24,655     
       79,737     
       16,106     
       40,710     
       5,958   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       54,132     
       97,809     
       60,834     
       157,151     
       24,988   
 
     Research and development expense   
       37,021     
       54,019     
       52,942     
       130,550     
       152,511   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       115,808     
       231,565     
       129,883     
       328,411     
       183,457   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
     $ 139,070     
     $ 134,574     
     $ 28,611     
     $ 136,069     
     $ 111,257   
 

   

 
 
     52-weeks ended December 27, 2014   
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Auto     
     Aviation   
 
         
           
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 409,847     
     $ 568,440     
     $ 248,371     
     $ 1,258,085     
     $ 385,915   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       143,188     
       210,153     
       118,661     
       688,742     
       105,502   
 
     Gross profit   
       266,659     
       358,287     
       129,710     
       569,343     
       280,413   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       28,650     
       52,606     
       12,353     
       46,245     
       6,779   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       52,203     
       75,747     
       42,975     
       177,649     
       23,458   
 
     Research and development expense   
       29,747     
       39,252     
       48,150     
       134,774     
       143,198   
 
     Total operating expenses   
       110,600     
       167,605     
       103,478     
       358,668     
       173,435   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Operating income   
     $ 156,059     
     $ 190,682     
     $ 26,232     
     $ 210,675     
     $ 106,978   
 



 

   

 


 
       45   
       
     

   

 Comparison of 53-Weeks Ended December 31, 2016 and 52-Weeks
Ended December 26, 2015 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended December 31, 2016     
     52-weeks ended December 26, 2015     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 546,326     
       18 %   
     $ 411,184     
       15 %   
     $ 135,142     
       33 % 
 
     Fitness   
       818,486     
       27 %   
       661,599     
       23 %   
       156,887     
       24 % 
 
     Marine   
       331,947     
       11 %   
       286,778     
       10 %   
       45,169     
       16 % 
 
     Auto   
       882,558     
       29 %   
       1,062,091     
       38 %   
       (179,533 )   
       -17 % 
 
     Aviation   
       439,348     
       15 %   
       398,618     
       14 %   
       40,730     
       10 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 3,018,665     
       100 %   
     $ 2,820,270     
       100 %   
     $ 198,395     
       7 % 
 



 

 




   

 Net sales increased
7% in 2016 when compared to the year-ago period. All segments had an increase in revenue except for auto. Auto revenue remains
the largest portion of our revenue mix at 29% in the 53-weeks ended 2016 compared to 38% in the 52-weeks ended 2015. 

   

 Total unit sales increased
4% to 16.8 million units in 2016 from 16.2 million units in 2015. 

   

 

 Auto segment revenue decreased
17% from the year-ago period, primarily due to the ongoing PND market contraction. Outdoor, fitness, marine, and aviation revenues
increased 33%, 24%, 16%, and 10%, respectively, when compared to the year-ago period, primarily due to increases in sales volumes.
Growth in outdoor was driven by wearables and the newly acquired DeLorme product lines. The increase in fitness was driven by wearables
with Garmin Elevate TM  wrist heart rate technology. Our marine segment increased due to growth in chartplotters, fishfinders,
and entertainment systems. Aviation revenues increased due to growth in both OEM and aftermarket sales. 



 

    

 Cost of Goods
Sold 

   

   

 

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended December 31, 2016     
     52-weeks ended December 26, 2015     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     Cost of Goods     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 205,822     
       38 %   
     $ 156,306     
       38 %   
     $ 49,516     
       32 % 
 
     Fitness   
       381,281     
       47 %   
       295,460     
       45 %   
       85,821     
       29 % 
 
     Marine   
       148,238     
       45 %   
       128,285     
       45 %   
       19,953     
       16 % 
 
     Auto   
       493,811     
       56 %   
       597,611     
       56 %   
       (103,800 )   
       -17 % 
 
     Aviation   
       109,943     
       25 %   
       103,904     
       26 %   
       6,039     
       6 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,339,095     
       44 %   
     $ 1,281,566     
       45 %   
     $ 57,529     
       4 % 
 



 

 




   

 Cost of goods sold
increased 4% in absolute dollars for the 53-weeks ended December 31, 2016 when compared to the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015. 

   

 In the auto segment,
the cost of goods decline was largely consistent with the segment revenue decline. In the outdoor and fitness segments, the increases
of 32% and 29% in cost of goods sold, respectively, primarily reflect strong volume growth. In the marine and aviation segments,
the increases of 16% and 6%, respectively, primarily reflect volume growth. 

   


 
       46   
       
     

   

 Gross Profit 

   

 

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended December 31, 2016     
     52-weeks ended December 26, 2015     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     Gross Profit     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 340,504     
       62 %   
     $ 254,878     
       62 %   
     $ 85,626     
       34 % 
 
     Fitness   
       437,205     
       53 %   
       366,139     
       55 %   
       71,066     
       19 % 
 
     Marine   
       183,709     
       55 %   
       158,493     
       55 %   
       25,216     
       16 % 
 
     Auto   
       388,747     
       44 %   
       464,480     
       44 %   
       (75,733 )   
       -16 % 
 
     Aviation   
       329,405     
       75 %   
       294,714     
       74 %   
       34,691     
       12 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,679,570     
       56 %   
     $ 1,538,704     
       55 %   
     $ 140,866     
       9 % 
 



 

 




   

 Gross profit dollars
in the 53-weeks ended December 31, 2016 increased 9% while gross profit margin increased 100 basis points compared to the 52-weeks
ended December 26, 2015. Growth in sales of higher margin segments contributed to the increase in gross profit dollars and gross
margin percentage. Fitness margin declined to 53% due to product mix. All other segment gross margin rates are relatively consistent
between fiscal periods. 

   

 Advertising Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended December 31, 2016     
     52-weeks ended December 26, 2015     
         
 
         
     Advertising     
           
     Advertising     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 31,005     
       6 %   
     $ 24,655     
       6 %   
     $ 6,350     
       26 % 
 
     Fitness   
       90,871     
       11 %   
       79,737     
       12 %   
       11,134     
       14 % 
 
     Marine   
       15,516     
       5 %   
       16,106     
       6 %   
       (590 )   
       -4 % 
 
     Auto   
       33,122     
       4 %   
       40,710     
       4 %   
       (7,588 )   
       -19 % 
 
     Aviation   
       6,629     
       2 %   
       5,958     
       1 %   
       671     
       11 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 177,143     
       6 %   
     $ 167,166     
       6 %   
     $ 9,977     
       6 % 
 

   

 Advertising expense
increased 6% in absolute dollars and was relatively flat as a percent of revenues in the 53-weeks ended December 31, 2016 compared
to the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015. The increase in absolute dollars is primarily attributable to outdoor and fitness, partially
offset by auto. 

   

 Selling, General
and Administrative Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended December 31, 2016     
     52-weeks ended December 26, 2015     
         
 
         
     Selling, General &     
           
     Selling, General &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 77,016     
       14 %   
     $ 54,132     
       13 %   
     $ 22,884     
       42 % 
 
     Fitness   
       118,753     
       15 %   
       97,809     
       15 %   
       20,944     
       21 % 
 
     Marine   
       60,061     
       18 %   
       60,834     
       21 %   
       (773 )   
       -1 % 
 
     Auto   
       127,618     
       14 %   
       157,151     
       15 %   
       (29,533 )   
       -19 % 
 
     Aviation   
       27,110     
       6 %   
       24,988     
       6 %   
       2,122     
       8 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 410,558     
       14 %   
     $ 394,914     
       14 %   
     $ 15,644     
       4 % 
 

   

 

 Selling, general and administrative
expense increased 4% and was relatively flat as a percent of revenues in the 53-weeks ended December 31, 2016 compared to the 52-weeks
ended December 26, 2015. The absolute dollar increase is primarily attributable to information technology costs and salaries and
benefits. Variances by segment are primarily due to the allocation of certain selling, general and administrative expenses based
on percentage of total revenues with the exception of the marine segment, as expenses decreased as a percentage of revenue due
to prior year specific litigation matters. 



 

    


 
       47   
       
     

   

 Research and Development Expense 

   

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended December 31, 2016     
     52-weeks ended December 26, 2015     
         
 
         
     Research &     
           
     Research &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 48,448     
       9 %   
     $ 37,021     
       9 %   
     $ 11,427     
       31 % 
 
     Fitness   
       66,985     
       8 %   
       54,019     
       8 %   
       12,966     
       24 % 
 
     Marine   
       55,965     
       17 %   
       52,942     
       18 %   
       3,023     
       6 % 
 
     Auto   
       125,660     
       14 %   
       130,550     
       12 %   
       (4,890 )   
       -4 % 
 
     Aviation   
       170,902     
       39 %   
       152,511     
       38 %   
       18,391     
       12 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 467,960     
       16 %   
     $ 427,043     
       15 %   
     $ 40,917     
       10 % 
 

   

 

 Research and development
expense increased 10% due to ongoing development activities for new products and additional engineering personnel throughout the
53-weeks ended December 31, 2016. In absolute dollars, research and development costs increased $40.9 million when compared with
the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015, and increased 40 basis points as a percent of revenue. Our research and development spending
is focused on product development, improving existing software capabilities, and exploring new categories. 



 

     

 Operating Income 

   

 

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended December 31, 2016     
     52-weeks ended December 26, 2015     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     Operating Income     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 184,035     
       34 %   
     $ 139,070     
       34 %   
     $ 44,965     
       32 % 
 
     Fitness   
       160,596     
       20 %   
       134,574     
       20 %   
       26,022     
       19 % 
 
     Marine   
       52,167     
       16 %   
       28,611     
       10 %   
       23,556     
       82 % 
 
     Auto   
       102,347     
       12 %   
       136,069     
       13 %   
       (33,722 )   
       -25 % 
 
     Aviation   
       124,764     
       28 %   
       111,257     
       28 %   
       13,507     
       12 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 623,909     
       21 %   
     $ 549,581     
       19 %   
     $ 74,328     
       14 % 
 



 

    

 As a result of the above, operating income increased 14% in absolute dollars and 120 basis points as a
percent of revenue when compared to the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015. Revenue growth with a slight increase in gross margin
percentage contributed to the growth, slightly offset by increased operating expenses, as discussed above, with the exception of
the marine segment, as operating expenses decreased as a percentage of revenue due to prior year specific litigation matters. 

   

 Other Income (Expense) 

   

 
 
         
     53-weeks ended     
     52-weeks ended   
 
         
     December 31, 2016     
     December 26, 2015   
 
     Interest income   
     $ 33,406     
     $ 29,653   
 
     Foreign currency gains (losses)   
       (31,651 )   
       (23,465 ) 
 
     Other   
       4,006     
       11,418   
 
     Total   
     $ 5,761     
     $ 17,606   
 

   

 

 The average return
on cash and investments during the 53-weeks ended December 31, 2016 and the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015 were 1.5% and 1.2%,
respectively. Interest income increased primarily due to slightly higher yields on fixed-income securities. 

   

 Foreign currency gains
and losses for the Company are typically driven by movements in the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling in relation
to the U.S. Dollar. The Taiwan Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin Corporation, the U.S. Dollar is the functional currency
of Garmin (Europe) Ltd., and the Euro is the functional currency of most of our other European subsidiaries, although some transactions
and balances are denominated in British Pounds. The majority of the Company’s consolidated foreign currency gain or loss
is typically driven by the significant cash and marketable securities, receivables and payables held in a currency other than
the functional currency at a given legal entity. Due to the relative size of the entities using a functional currency other than
the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling, currency fluctuations related to these entities are not expected to have
a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 

   


 
       48   
       
     

   

 

 The $31.7 million currency
loss in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to the weakening of the U.S. Dollar against the Taiwan Dollar and the strengthening of the
U.S. Dollar against the Euro and British Pound Sterling. During fiscal 2016, the U.S. Dollar weakened 1.7% against the Taiwan Dollar,
resulting in a loss of $9.2 million, while the U.S. Dollar strengthened 4.2% against the Euro and 16.8% against the British Pound
Sterling, resulting in losses of $13.0 million and $5.1 million, respectively. The remaining net currency loss of $4.4 million
is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 

   

 The $23.5 million currency
loss in fiscal 2015 was primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and British Pound Sterling, partially
offset by a gain associated with the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Taiwan Dollar. During fiscal 2015, the U.S. Dollar
strengthened 10.0% against the Euro and 4.6% against the British Pound Sterling, resulting in losses of $31.2 million and $2.1
million, respectively. This was largely offset by the U.S. Dollar strengthening 3.8% against the Taiwan Dollar, resulting in a
gain of $19.5 million. The remaining net currency loss of $9.7 million is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 



 

   

 During the 53-weeks
ended December 31, 2016, Garmin recorded other income of $4.0 million compared to $11.4 million in the 52-weeks ended December
26, 2015. The decrease in fiscal 2016 relates primarily to a legal settlement received in fiscal 2015. 

   

 Income Tax Provision 

   

 Our income tax expense
increased by $7.9 million, to $118.9 million for the 53-weeks ended December 31, 2016, from $111.0 million for the 52-weeks ended
December 26, 2015.  Contributing to the increase was: 

   

 
 · Increased
                                         income before taxes in the 53-weeks ended December 31, 2016 compared to the 52-weeks
                                         ended December 26, 2015, 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · A net release of uncertain tax position reserves  due to expiration of certain statutes of
limitations of $11.9 million  for the 53-weeks ended December
31, 2016, as compared with $7.3 million for the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015.  

   

 As described in Note 14,
the Company expects to revalue certain Switzerland deferred tax assets, for which the Company anticipates recording approximately
$150 million of income tax benefit in the first quarter of 2017. This may result in cash outlays for income taxes exceeding income
tax expense recognized in certain future periods. 



 

    

 Net Income 

   

 As a result of the various factors noted above, net income increased 12% to $510.8 million for the 53-weeks
ended December 31, 2016 compared to $456.2 million for the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015. 

   


 
       49   
       
     

   

 Comparison of 52-Weeks Ended December 26, 2015 and December
27, 2014 

   

 

 In 2016 the Company moved action camera related
revenue and expenses from the outdoor segment to the auto segment, allowing for alignment and synergies with other camera-based
efforts occurring within the auto segment. The overall impact of the move was immaterial. However, action camera related operating
results for the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 have been recast to conform to the current year presentation. 



 

    

 Net Sales 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     Net Sales     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 411,184     
       15 %   
     $ 409,847     
       14 %   
     $ 1,337     
       0 % 
 
     Fitness   
       661,599     
       23 %   
       568,440     
       20 %   
       93,159     
       16 % 
 
     Marine   
       286,778     
       10 %   
       248,371     
       9 %   
       38,407     
       15 % 
 
     Auto   
       1,062,091     
       38 %   
       1,258,085     
       44 %   
       (195,994 )   
       -16 % 
 
     Aviation   
       398,618     
       14 %   
       385,915     
       13 %   
       12,703     
       3 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 2,820,270     
       100 %   
     $ 2,870,658     
       100 %   
     $ (50,388 )   
       -2 % 
 

   

 

 Net sales decreased 2%
in 2015 when compared to fiscal year 2014. All segments, excluding aviation, were impacted by revenues denominated in currencies
that weakened against the U.S. Dollar during the period. In total, it is estimated that the strong U.S. Dollar reduced revenues
by approximately $189 million, which represents 6% of revenue. Auto revenue remains the largest portion of our revenue mix at 38%
in the fiscal year 2015 compared to 44% in the fiscal year 2014. 

   

 Total unit sales increased
7% to 16.2 million units in 2015 from 15.1 million units in 2014. The increase in unit sales volume was attributable to fitness
and marine volumes partially offset by declines in each of the other segments. 

   

 Auto segment revenue decreased
16% from fiscal year 2014, as both the contribution of amortization of previously deferred revenue declined when compared to 2014
and volumes declined. Fitness revenues increased 16% on the strength of our wearables portfolio. Aviation revenues increased 3%
from fiscal year 2014 as market share gains were partially offset by industry weakness. Outdoor revenues remained relatively flat
to fiscal year 2014, as geographic exposure to weak currencies and maturing product categories were largely offset by the strength
of outdoor wearables. Revenues in our marine segment increased 15% as the release of new marine products drove strong revenue growth. 



 

    

 Cost of Goods
Sold 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015   
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014   
     Year over Year 
 
         
     Cost of Goods   
     % of Revenues   
     Cost of Goods   
     % of Revenues   
     $ Change   
     % Change 
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 156,306     
       38 %   
     $ 143,188     
       35 %   
     $ 13,118     
       9 % 
 
     Fitness   
       295,460     
       45 %   
       210,153     
       37 %   
       85,307     
       41 % 
 
     Marine   
       128,285     
       45 %   
       118,661     
       48 %   
       9,624     
       8 % 
 
     Auto   
       597,611     
       56 %   
       688,742     
       55 %   
       (91,131 )   
       -13 % 
 
     Aviation   
       103,904     
       26 %   
       105,502     
       27 %   
       (1,598 )   
       -2 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,281,566     
       45 %   
     $ 1,266,246     
       44 %   
     $ 15,320     
       1 % 
 



   

 Cost of goods sold
increased 1% in absolute dollars for fiscal year 2015 when compared to fiscal year 2014. Cost of goods as a percentage of revenue
increased in part due to a stronger U.S. Dollar that created downward pressure on revenue in all segments excluding aviation as
discussed above. 

   

 

 In the auto segment, the
cost of goods decline was largely consistent with the segment revenue decline. In the fitness and outdoor segments, the cost of
goods increase outpaced revenue growth due to product mix and competitive pricing dynamics. The cost of goods decrease as a percentage
of revenue in marine is due to increased sales of higher margin products. Aviation cost of goods was lower due to product mix. 



   


 
       50   
       
     

   

 Gross Profit 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015   
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014   
     Year over Year 
 
         
     Gross Profit   
     % of Revenues   
     Gross Profit   
     % of Revenues   
     $ Change   
     % Change 
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 254,878     
       62 %   
     $ 266,659     
       65 %   
     $ (11,781 )   
       -4 % 
 
     Fitness   
       366,139     
       55 %   
       358,287     
       63 %   
       7,852     
       2 % 
 
     Marine   
       158,493     
       55 %   
       129,710     
       52 %   
       28,783     
       22 % 
 
     Auto   
       464,480     
       44 %   
       569,343     
       45 %   
       (104,863 )   
       -18 % 
 
     Aviation   
       294,714     
       74 %   
       280,413     
       73 %   
       14,301     
       5 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 1,538,704     
       55 %   
     $ 1,604,412     
       56 %   
     $ (65,708 )   
       -4 % 
 



   

 Gross profit dollars
in fiscal year 2015 decreased 4% while gross profit margin decreased 130 basis points compared to fiscal year 2014 with all segments
declining, excluding marine and aviation. Segment specific gross margin drivers are discussed above. 

   

 Advertising Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
         
 
         
     Advertising     
           
     Advertising     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     Expense     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 24,655     
       6 %   
     $ 28,650     
       7 %   
     $ (3,995 )   
       -14 % 
 
     Fitness   
       79,737     
       12 %   
       52,606     
       9 %   
       27,131     
       52 % 
 
     Marine   
       16,106     
       6 %   
       12,353     
       5 %   
       3,753     
       30 % 
 
     Auto   
       40,710     
       4 %   
       46,245     
       4 %   
       (5,535 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Aviation   
       5,958     
       1 %   
       6,779     
       2 %   
       (821 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 167,166     
       6 %   
     $ 146,633     
       5 %   
     $ 20,533     
       14 % 
 

   

 Advertising expense
increased 14% in absolute dollars while increasing 80 basis points as a percent of revenues. The increase in absolute dollars
occurred in fitness and marine to support new product introductions with increased media spend, point of sale presence at key
retailers and cooperative advertising. This was partially offset by decreased spending in auto due to reduced cooperative advertising
associated with lower volumes and in outdoor due to fewer new product categories. 

   

 Selling, General
and Administrative Expenses 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
         
 
         
     Selling, General &     
           
     Selling, General &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     Admin. Expenses     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 54,132     
       13 %   
     $ 52,203     
       13 %   
     $ 1,929     
       4 % 
 
     Fitness   
       97,809     
       15 %   
       75,747     
       13 %   
       22,062     
       29 % 
 
     Marine   
       60,834     
       21 %   
       42,975     
       17 %   
       17,859     
       42 % 
 
     Auto   
       157,151     
       15 %   
       177,649     
       14 %   
       (20,498 )   
       -12 % 
 
     Aviation   
       24,988     
       6 %   
       23,458     
       6 %   
       1,530     
       7 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 394,914     
       14 %   
     $ 372,032     
       13 %   
     $ 22,882     
       6 % 
 

   

 Selling, general and
administrative expense increased 6% in absolute dollars and 100 basis points as a percent of revenues compared to fiscal year
2014. The absolute dollar increase is primarily related to litigation related costs, information technology costs and product
support. Variances by segment are primarily due to the allocation of certain selling, general and administrative expenses based
on percentage of total revenues. Marine expense growth exceeded other segments due to specific litigation matters. 

   


 
       51   
       
     

   

 Research and Development Expense 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015     
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014     
         
 
         
     Research &     
           
     Research &     
           
     Year over Year   
 
         
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     Development     
     % of Revenues     
     $ Change     
     % Change   
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 37,021     
       9 %   
     $ 29,747     
       7 %   
     $ 7,274     
       24 % 
 
     Fitness   
       54,019     
       8 %   
       39,252     
       7 %   
       14,767     
       38 % 
 
     Marine   
       52,942     
       18 %   
       48,150     
       19 %   
       4,792     
       10 % 
 
     Auto   
       130,550     
       12 %   
       134,774     
       11 %   
       (4,224 )   
       -3 % 
 
     Aviation   
       152,511     
       38 %   
       143,198     
       37 %   
       9,313     
       7 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 427,043     
       15 %   
     $ 395,121     
       14 %   
     $ 31,922     
       8 % 
 

   

 Research and
development expense increased 8% due to ongoing development activities for new products and additional engineering personnel
throughout fiscal year 2015. In absolute dollars, research and development costs increased $31.9 million when compared with
fiscal year 2014 and increased 140 basis points as a percent of revenue. Our research and development spending is focused on
product development, improving existing software capabilities, and exploring new categories. Management believes that one of
the key strategic initiatives for future growth and success of Garmin is continuous innovation, development, and introduction
of new products.  

   

 Operating Income 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended Dec 26, 2015   
     52-weeks ended Dec 27, 2014   
     Year over Year 
 
         
     Operating Income   
     % of Revenues   
     Operating Income   
     % of Revenues   
     $ Change   
     % Change 
 
     Outdoor   
     $ 139,070     
       34 %   
     $ 156,059     
       38 %   
     $ (16,989 )   
       -11 % 
 
     Fitness   
       134,574     
       20 %   
       190,682     
       34 %   
       (56,108 )   
       -29 % 
 
     Marine   
       28,611     
       10 %   
       26,232     
       11 %   
       2,379     
       9 % 
 
     Auto   
       136,069     
       13 %   
       210,675     
       17 %   
       (74,606 )   
       -35 % 
 
     Aviation   
       111,257     
       28 %   
       106,978     
       28 %   
       4,279     
       4 % 
 
     Total   
     $ 549,581     
       19 %   
     $ 690,626     
       24 %   
     $ (141,045 )   
       -20 % 
 



   

 As a result of the above, operating income decreased 20% in absolute dollars and 460 basis points as a
percent of revenue when compared to the fiscal year 2014. Declining gross margin percentages and increases in all operating expenses
as a percentage of revenue, as discussed above, contributed to the decline. 



   

 Other Income (Expense) 

   

 
 
         
     52-weeks ended     
     52-weeks ended   
 
         
     December 26, 2015     
     December 27, 2014   
 
     Interest Income   
     $ 29,653     
     $ 35,584   
 
     Foreign Currency gains (losses)   
     (23,465 )   
       (4,299 ) 
 
     Other   
       11,418     
       1,834   
 
     Total   
     $ 17,606     
     $ 33,119   
 

   


 
       52   
       
     

   

 The average return
on cash and investments during the fiscal years of 2015 and 2014 were 1.2% and 1.3%, respectively. The decrease in interest income
is attributable to decreasing cash and investment balances and a slight decrease in the interest rates. 

   

 

 Foreign currency gains
and losses for the Company are primarily tied to movements by the Taiwan Dollar, the Euro, and the British Pound Sterling in relation
to the U.S. Dollar. The Taiwan Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin Corporation. The U.S. Dollar remains the functional
currency of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. The Euro is the functional currency of most European subsidiaries. As these entities have grown,
currency fluctuations can generate material gains and losses. The majority of the Company’s consolidated foreign currency
gain or loss results from the significant cash and marketable securities, receivables and payables held in a currency other than
the functional currency at one of the Company’s subsidiaries. Due to the relative size of the entities using a functional
currency other than the Taiwan Dollar, the Euro and the British Pound Sterling, currency fluctuations related to these entities
are not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. 

   

 The $23.5 million currency
loss in fiscal 2015 was primarily due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro and British Pound Sterling, partially
offset by a gain associated with the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Taiwan Dollar. During fiscal 2015, the U.S.
Dollar strengthened 10.0% against the Euro and 4.6% against the British Pound Sterling, resulting in losses of $31.2 million and
$2.1 million, respectively. This was largely offset by the U.S. Dollar strengthening 3.8% against the Taiwan Dollar, resulting
in a gain of $19.5 million. The remaining net currency loss of $9.7 million is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 



 

    

 The majority of the
$4.3 million currency loss in the fiscal year 2014 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Euro and the
British Pound Sterling. The strengthening of the U.S. Dollar compared to the Taiwan Dollar contributed an offsetting gain. During
fiscal year 2014, the U.S. Dollar strengthened 11.4% compared to the Euro and 5.5% compared to the British Pound Sterling resulting
in a net loss of $43.7 million. This was more than offset as the U.S. Dollar strengthened 5.5% compared to the Taiwan Dollar resulting
in a gain of $44.8 million. The remaining net currency loss of $5.4 million is related to other currencies and timing of transactions. 



   

 During fiscal year
2015, Garmin recorded other income of $11.4 million. This income was primarily due to a legal settlement received during the year
and a gain on the disposal of property. 

   

 Income Tax Provision 

   

 Our income tax expense decreased by $248.6 million, to $111.0 million for the fiscal year 2015, from $359.5
million for the fiscal year 2014.  Contributing to the significant decrease was: 

   

 
 · tax
                                         expense of $307.6 million in 2014 associated with the inter-company restructuring discussed
                                         below, 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · release
                                         of uncertain tax position reserves due to expiration of certain statutes of limitations
                                         or completion of tax audits of $7.3 million in fiscal year 2015 compared to releases
                                         of $83.9 million in fiscal year 2014. 

   

 In addition, the full year income mix
by tax jurisdiction for 2015 compared to 2014 is resulting in an increased effective tax rate. 



   

 In
the third quarter of 2014, the Company initiated an inter-company restructuring that realigned our corporate entity structure. 
This change in corporate structure provides access to historical earnings that were previously permanently reinvested and allows
us to efficiently repatriate future earnings.  As a result of the change in corporate structure, Garmin recorded tax expense
of $307.6 million.   The cash tax payments of $78.1 million and $182.8 million associated with
the restructuring were made in the third quarter of 2014 and the second quarter of 2015, respectively.  The remainder of
the accrued tax will be paid incrementally as the cash is repatriated. 

   


 
       53   
       
     

   

 Net Income 

   

 As a result of the
various factors noted above, net income increased 25% to $456.2 million for the fiscal year 2015 compared to $364.2 million for
the fiscal year 2014. 

   

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

   

 Operating Activities 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 31,     
     Dec 26,     
     Dec 27,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
     $ 705,682     
     $ 280,467     
     $ 522,711   
 

   

 The $425.2 million
increase in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · the
                                         impact of income taxes payable providing $154.0 million more cash, primarily related
                                         to the timing of 2015 income tax payments associated with the inter-company restructuring
                                         that was announced in the third quarter of 2014 

 
 · inventories
                                         and related provisions for obsolete and slow moving inventories providing $122.5 million
                                         more cash primarily due to reduced purchases of safety stock of specific raw materials
                                         and strong demand of products throughout the fiscal year 

 
 · other
                                         current and noncurrent assets providing $109.6 million more cash primarily related to
                                         the timing of prepayments for royalties 

 
 · net
                                         income increasing $54.6 million as discussed in the Results of Operations section above 

 
 · other
                                         current and noncurrent liabilities providing $24.0 million more cash primarily due to
                                         timing of payments for royalties 

 
 · deferred
                                         revenue/costs providing $21.8 million more working capital benefit due to the net decrease
                                         in amortization of previously deferred revenue/cost and 

 
 · the
                                         increase in stock compensation expense of $15.0 million, primarily associated with performance-contingent
                                         awards 

   

 Partially offset
by: 

   

 
 · accounts
                                         payable providing $47.6 million less cash primarily due to the timing of payments 

 
 · the
                                         $24.5 million impact of decreasing unrealized foreign currency losses due primarily to
                                         foreign currency rate fluctuations as discussed in the Results of Operations section
                                         above and 

 
 · accounts
                                         receivable providing $13.5 million less cash primarily due to the timing of collections 

   


 
       54   
       
     

   

 The $242.2 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities
in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · the
                                         impact of income tax payable providing $247.0 million less cash due primarily to the
                                         timing of disbursements related to the inter-company restructuring 

 
 · other
                                         current and noncurrent assets providing $108.0 million less cash primarily due to prepayments
                                         of royalties and timing of payments for insurance 

 
 · the
                                         impact of deferred income taxes providing $83.9 million less cash primarily due to the
                                         timing of withholding taxes paid and 

 
 · inventories
                                         and related provisions for obsolete and slow moving inventories providing $47.9 million
                                         less cash primarily due to additional safety stock of specific raw materials and continued
                                         growth in products offered 

   

 Partially offset by: 

   

 
 · net
                                         income increasing $92.0 million, as discussed in the Results of Operations section above 

 
 · accounts
                                         receivable providing $49.9 million more cash primarily due to the impact of lower revenues
                                         and associated decline in receivables 

 
 · the
                                         impact of increasing unrealized foreign currency losses providing $37.4 million less
                                         cash due to the impact of foreign currency rate fluctuations as discussed in the Results
                                         of Operations section above 

 
 · deferred
                                         revenue/costs providing $32.6M more working capital benefit due to the decreased amortization
                                         of previously deferred revenue/cost as discussed in the Results of Operations section
                                         above and 

 
 · accounts
                                         payable providing $27.1 million more cash primarily due to the timing of payments 

   

 Investing Activities 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 31,     
     Dec 26,     
     Dec 27,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Net cash  (used in) provided by investing activities   
     $ (121,537 )   
     $ (111,979 )   
     $ 131,332   
 

   

 

 The $9.6 million increase
in cash used in investing activities in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to the following: 



 

    

 
 · increased
                                         cash payments for acquisitions of $39.3 million 

 
 · increased
                                         purchases of property and equipment of $10.4 million and 

 
 · decreased
                                         proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of $7.2 million 

   

 Partially offset
by: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         net redemptions of marketable securities of $49.0 million 

   

 The $243.3 million decrease in cash provided
by investing activities in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · collection
                                         of cash advanced under a loan receivable commitment with Bombardier of $137.4 million
                                         in 2014 

 
 · decreased
                                         net investments in marketable securities of $87.0 million and 

 
 · increased
                                         cash payments for acquisitions of $19.8 million 

   


 
       55   
       
     

   

 

 We have budgeted
approximately $130 million to $140 million of capital expenditures during fiscal 2017 to include some facility expansion,
along with normal ongoing capital expenditures and maintenance activities. Approximately half of the budgeted capital
expenditures in fiscal 2017 are attributable to Olathe, Kansas facilities, including the expansion project described within
“Item 2. Properties”. It is management’s goal to invest the on-hand cash in accordance with the investment
policy, which has been approved by the Board of Directors of each applicable Garmin entity holding the cash. The investment
policy’s primary purpose is to preserve capital, maintain an acceptable degree of liquidity, and maximize yield within
the constraint of low credit risk. Garmin’s average returns on cash and investments during fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014
were approximately 1.5%, 1.2%, and 1.3%, respectively. 



   

 The Company’s
investment policy targets low risk investments with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The fair
value of our securities varies from period to period due to changes in interest rates, in the performance of the underlying collateral
and in the credit performance of the underlying issuer, among other factors. See Note 3 for additional information regarding
marketable securities. 

   

 Financing Activities 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     Dec 31,     
     Dec 26,     
     Dec 27,   
 
     (In thousands)   
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
     $ (561,676 )   
     $ (500,092 )   
     $ (599,622 ) 
 

   

 The $61.6 million increase in cash used
in financing activities in fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         dividend payments of $103.3 million due to an additional dividend payment made in fiscal
                                         year 2016 due to the 53-week year and the year-over-year increase of our dividend rate 

   

 Partially offset
by: 

   

 
 · decreased
                                         purchases of treasury stock of $38.2 million under our share repurchase authorization 

   

 The $99.5 million
decrease in cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to the following: 

   

 
 · decreased
                                         purchase of treasury stock of $110.2 million under a share repurchase authorization 

   

 Partially offset
by: 

   

 
 · increased
                                         dividend payments of $18.0 million due to the increase in our year-over-year dividend
                                         rate 

   

 Our dividend has progressively
increased from $0.45 per share for the eight calendar quarters beginning in June 2012 to $0.48 per share for the four calendar
quarters beginning in June 2014 to $0.51 per share for the eight calendar quarters beginning in June 2015. 

   

 We primarily use cash flow from operations to fund our capital expenditures, to support our working capital
requirements, to pay dividends, and to fund share repurchases. We expect that future cash requirements will principally be for
capital expenditures, working capital, payment of dividends declared, share repurchases and the funding of strategic acquisitions.
We believe that our existing cash balances and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our long-term projected capital
expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements. 

   


 
       56   
       
     

   

 Contractual Obligations and Commercial
Commitments 

   

 As of December 31, 2016, operating leases comprise the substance of the Company’s commercial commitments
with long-term scheduled payments, as summarized below: 

   

 
 
         
     Payments due by period   
 
     Contractual Obligations   
     Total     
     Less than 1 year     
     1-3 years     
     3-5 years     
     More than 5 years   
 
     Operating Leases   
     $ 73,305     
     $ 15,229     
     $ 22,003     
     $ 14,905     
     $ 21,168   
 

   

 The Company is
party to certain other commitments, which include purchases of raw materials, advertising expenditures, investments in
certain low income housing tax credit projects, and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting our
business.  The aggregate amount of purchase orders and other commitments open as of December 31, 2016 was approximately
$403.1 million. We cannot determine the aggregate amount of such purchase orders that represent contractual obligations
because purchase orders may represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are
based on our current needs and are typically fulfilled within short periods of time. 

   

 We may be required
to make significant cash outlays related to unrecognized tax benefits. However, due to the uncertainty of the timing of future
cash flows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits, we are unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of
cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities. Accordingly, unrecognized tax benefits of $115.1 million as of
December 31, 2016, have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. For further information related to unrecognized
tax benefits, see Note 2, “Income Taxes,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Report. 

   

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

   

 We do not have any
off-balance sheet arrangements. 

   

 Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk 

   

 Market Sensitivity 

   

 We have market risk
primarily in connection with the pricing of our products and services and the purchase of raw materials. Product pricing and raw
materials costs are both significantly influenced by semiconductor market conditions. Historically, during cyclical industry downturns,
we have been able to offset pricing declines for our products through a combination of improved product mix and success in obtaining
price reductions in raw materials costs. 

   

 Inflation 

   

 We do not believe
that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our costs were to become
subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our
inability or failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

   

 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 

   

 The operation of Garmin’s
subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. We have experienced significant
foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. dollar. The potential of volatile foreign
exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect on our results of operations. The Company has not historically
hedged its foreign currency exchange rate risks. 

   


 
       57   
       
     

   

 The currencies that
create a majority of the Company’s exchange rate exposure are the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling. Garmin
Corporation, headquartered in Xizhi, Taiwan, uses the local currency as the functional currency. The Company translates all assets
and liabilities at year-end exchange rates and income and expense accounts at average rates during the year. In order to minimize
the effect of the currency exchange fluctuations on our net assets, we have elected to retain most of our Taiwan subsidiary’s
cash and investments in marketable securities denominated in U.S. dollars. 

   

 Most European subsidiaries
use the Euro as the functional currency. The functional currency of our largest European subsidiary, Garmin (Europe) Ltd. remains
the U.S. Dollar, and as some transactions occurred in British Pounds Sterling or Euros, foreign currency gains or losses have been
realized historically related to the movements of those currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar. The Company believes that gains
and losses will become more material in the future as our European presence grows. 

   

 During fiscal year 2016,
the U.S. Dollar weakened 1.7% against the Taiwan Dollar resulting in a $9.2 million foreign currency loss. The U.S. Dollar strengthened
4.2% against the Euro resulting in a foreign currency loss of $13.0 million. The U.S. Dollar strengthened 16.8% against the British
Pound Sterling resulting in a loss of $5.1 million. The net result of these currency moves combined with other net losses of $4.4
million, and the timing of transactions during the year was a net loss of $31.7 million for the Company and a currency translation
adjustment of $4.7 million during the fiscal year 2016. 



   

 We assessed the Company’s
exposure to movements in currency exchange rates by performing a sensitivity analysis of adverse changes in exchange rates and
the corresponding impact to our results of operations. Based on monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other
than respective functional currencies as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, hypothetical and reasonably possible adverse
changes of 10% for the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before
income taxes of approximately $92 million and $95 million at December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015. 

   

 Interest Rate Risk 

   

 We have no outstanding long-term debt as
of December 31, 2016. We, therefore, have no meaningful debt-related interest rate risk. 

   

 We are exposed to interest rate risk in
connection with our investments in marketable securities. As interest rates change, the unrealized gains and losses associated
with those securities will fluctuate accordingly. 

 The Company’s investment policy
targets low risk investments with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The Company does not intend
to sell securities in an unrealized loss position and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell
such investments before recovery of their amortized costs bases, which may be maturity. During 2016 and 2015, the Company did
not record any material impairment charges on its outstanding securities. 

   

 We assessed the Company’s exposure
to interest rate risk by performing a sensitivity analysis of a parallel shift in the yield curve and the corresponding impact
to the Company’s portfolio of marketable securities. Based on balance sheet positions as of December 31, 2016 and December
26, 2015, the hypothetical and reasonably possible 100 basis point increases in interest rates across all securities would have
resulted in declines in portfolio fair market value of approximately $45 million and $43 million at December 31, 2016 and December
26, 2015. Such losses would only be realized if the Company sold the investments prior to maturity. 

   


 
       58   
       
     

   

 Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

   

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

   

 Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

 Years Ended December 31, 2016, December
26, 2015, December 27, 2014 

   

 Contents 

   

 
 
     Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
     60 
 
     Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015 
     61 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014 
     62 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 
     63 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014 
     64 
 
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014 
     65 
 
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
     67 
 
   


 
       59   
       
     

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 

 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

   

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income,
comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. 

   

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries at December 31, 2016 and
December 26, 2015, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

   

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion
thereon. 

   

 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

 Kansas City, Missouri 

 February 22, 2017 



   


 
       60   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And
Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

 (In Thousands,
Except Per Share Information) 

   



 
 
       
     December 31,     
     December 26,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015   
 
     Assets   
             
           
 
     Current assets:   
             
           
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 846,883     
     $ 833,070   
 
     Marketable securities  (Note 3)   
       266,952     
       215,161   
 
     Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $14,669 in 2016 and $13,805 in 2015   
       527,062     
       531,481   
 
     Inventories, net   
       484,821     
       500,554   
 
     Deferred costs   
       47,395     
       49,176   
 
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets   
       89,903     
       81,645   
 
     Total current assets   
       2,263,016     
       2,211,087   
 
         
             
           
 
     Property and equipment, net   
             
           
 
     Land and improvements   
       104,740     
       85,162   
 
     Building and improvements   
       376,916     
       351,778   
 
     Office furniture and equipment   
       222,439     
       206,025   
 
     Manufacturing equipment   
       129,526     
       131,055   
 
     Engineering equipment   
       124,979     
       113,690   
 
     Vehicles   
       21,259     
       20,939   
 
         
       979,859     
       908,649   
 
     Accumulated depreciation   
       (496,981 )   
       (462,560 ) 
 
         
       482,878     
       446,089   
 
         
             
           
 
     Restricted cash  (Note 4)   
       113     
       259   
 
     Marketable securities  (Note 3)   
       1,213,285     
       1,343,387   
 
     Noncurrent deferred income tax  (Note 6)   
       110,293     
       116,518   
 
     Noncurrent deferred costs   
       56,151     
       38,769   
 
     Intangible assets, net   
       305,002     
       245,552   
 
     Other assets   
       94,395     
       97,730   
 
     Total assets   
     $ 4,525,133     
     $ 4,499,391   
 
         
             
           
 
     Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity   
             
           
 
     Current liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Accounts payable   
     $ 172,404     
     $ 178,905   
 
     Salaries and benefits payable   
       88,818     
       70,601   
 
     Accrued warranty costs   
       37,233     
       30,449   
 
     Accrued sales program costs   
       80,953     
       67,613   
 
     Deferred revenue   
       146,564     
       164,982   
 
     Accrued royalty costs   
       36,523     
       30,310   
 
     Accrued advertising expense   
       37,440     
       33,547   
 
     Other accrued expenses   
       70,469     
       74,926   
 
     Income taxes payable   
       16,163     
       21,674   
 
     Dividend payable   
       96,168     
       192,991   
 
     Total current liabilities   
       782,735     
       865,998   
 
         
             
           
 
     Deferred income taxes  (Note 6)   
       61,220     
       56,210   
 
     Non-current income taxes   
       121,174     
       101,689   
 
     Non-current deferred revenue   
       140,407     
       128,731   
 
     Other liabilities   
       1,594     
       1,637   
 
         
             
           
 
     Stockholders' equity:   
             
           
 
     Shares, CHF 0.10 par value, 198,077 shares authorized and issued, and 188,565 shares outstanding at December 31, 2016;   
             
           
 
     Shares, CHF 10.00 par value, 208,077 shares authorized and issued; 189,722 shares outstanding at December 26, 2015;  (Notes 9, 10, and 11):   
       17,979     
       1,797,435   
 
     Additional paid-in capital   
       1,836,047     
       62,239   
 
     Treasury stock   
       (455,964 )   
       (414,637 ) 
 
     Retained earnings   
       2,056,702     
       1,930,517   
 
     Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)   
       (36,761 )   
       (30,428 ) 
 
     Total stockholders' equity   
       3,418,003     
       3,345,126   
 
     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity   
     $ 4,525,133     
     $ 4,499,391   
 



   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       61   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And
Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements
of Income 

 (In Thousands,
Except Per Share Information) 

   

 

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 3,018,665     
     $ 2,820,270     
     $ 2,870,658   
 
     Cost of goods sold   
       1,339,095     
       1,281,566     
       1,266,246   
 
     Gross profit   
       1,679,570     
       1,538,704     
       1,604,412   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Advertising expense   
       177,143     
       167,166     
       146,633   
 
     Selling, general and administrative expenses   
       410,558     
       394,914     
       372,032   
 
     Research and development expense   
       467,960     
       427,043     
       395,121   
 
         
       1,055,661     
       989,123     
       913,786   
 
     Operating income   
       623,909     
       549,581     
       690,626   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Other income (expense):   
             
             
           
 
     Interest income   
       33,406     
       29,653     
       35,584   
 
     Foreign currency losses   
       (31,651 )   
       (23,465 )   
       (4,299 ) 
 
     Other   
       4,006     
       11,418     
       1,834   
 
         
       5,761     
       17,606     
       33,119   
 
     Income before income taxes   
       629,670     
       567,187     
       723,745   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Income tax provision (benefit):  (Note 6)   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       117,842     
       114,222     
       274,107   
 
     Deferred   
       1,014     
       (3,262 )   
       85,427   
 
         
       118,856     
       110,960     
       359,534   
 
     Net income   
     $ 510,814     
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic net income per share  (Note 10)   
     $ 2.71     
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.89   
 
     Diluted net income per share  (Note 10)   
     $ 2.70     
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.88   
 



   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       62   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And
Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Net income   
     $ 510,814     
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211   
 
     Foreign currency translation adjustment   
       4,696     
       (34,981 )   
       (64,489 ) 
 
     Change in fair value of available-for-sale    marketable securities, net of deferred taxes   
       (11,029 )   
       1,982     
       29,019   
 
     Comprehensive income   
     $ 504,481     
     $ 423,228     
     $ 328,741 
 



   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       63   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
Equity 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
           
           
           
           
     Accumulated     
         
 
         
           
     Additional     
           
           
     Other     
         
 
         
     Common     
     Paid-In     
     Treasury     
     Retained     
     Comprehensive     
         
 
         
     Stock     
     Capital     
     Stock     
     Earnings     
     Income (Loss)     
     Total   
 
     Balance at December 28, 2013   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 79,263     
     ($ 120,620 )   
     $ 1,865,587     
     $ 38,041     
     $ 3,659,706   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       364,211     
       –     
       364,211   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (64,489 )   
       (64,489 ) 
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of $201   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       29,019     
       29,019   
 
     Comprehensive income   
             
             
             
             
             
       328,741   
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (369,826 )   
       –     
       (369,826 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       (84 )   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (84 ) 
 
     Issuance of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       –     
       (29,951 )   
       50,704     
       –     
       –     
       20,753   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       24,293     
             
       –     
       –     
       24,293   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       –     
       –     
       (18,638 )   
       –     
       –     
       (18,638 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock under share repurchase plan   
       –     
       –     
       (241,578 )   
       –     
       –     
       (241,578 ) 
 
     Balance at December 27, 2014   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 73,521     
     ($ 330,132 )   
     $ 1,859,972     
     $ 2,571     
     $ 3,403,367   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       456,227     
       –     
       456,227   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (34,981 )   
       (34,981 ) 
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of $115   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       1,982     
       1,982   
 
     Comprehensive income   
             
             
             
             
             
       423,228   
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       (100 )   
       –     
       (385,682 )   
       –     
       (385,782 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       (2,050 )   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (2,050 ) 
 
     Issuance of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       –     
       (35,422 )   
       52,494     
       –     
       –     
       17,072   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       26,290     
             
       –     
       –     
       26,290   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       –     
       –     
       (5,586 )   
       –     
       –     
       (5,586 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock under share repurchase plan   
       –     
       –     
       (131,413 )   
       –     
       –     
       (131,413 ) 
 
     Balance at December 26, 2015   
     $ 1,797,435     
     $ 62,239     
     ($ 414,637 )   
     $ 1,930,517     
     ($ 30,428 )   
     $ 3,345,126   
 
     Net income   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       510,814     
       –     
       510,814   
 
     Translation adjustment   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       4,696     
       4,696   
 
     Adjustment related to unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities net of income tax effects of $1,094   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (11,029 )   
       (11,029 ) 
 
     Comprehensive income   
             
             
             
             
             
       504,481   
 
     Dividends declared   
       –     
       -     
       –     
       (384,629 )   
       –     
       (384,629 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       –     
       (6,309 )   
       –     
       –     
       –     
       (6,309 ) 
 
     Issuance of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       –     
       (40,589 )   
       59,237     
       –     
       –     
       18,648   
 
     Stock compensation   
       –     
       41,250     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       41,250   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       –     
       –     
       (7,331 )   
       –     
       –     
       (7,331 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock under share repurchase plan   
       –     
       –     
       (93,233 )   
       –     
       –     
       (93,233 ) 
 
     Reduction in par value of Common Stock   
       (1,779,456 )   
       1,779,456     
       –     
       –     
       –     
       –   
 
     Balance at December 31, 2016   
     $ 17,979     
     $ 1,836,047     
     ($ 455,964 )   
     $ 2,056,703     
     ($ 36,761 )   
     $ 3,418,003   
 



   

 See accompanying
notes. 

   


 
       64   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Operating Activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Net income   
     $ 510,814     
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211   
 
     Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Depreciation   
       55,796     
       51,311     
       48,433   
 
     Amortization   
       30,544     
       27,049     
       28,582   
 
     Gain on sale of property and equipment   
       (503 )   
       (198 )   
       (306 ) 
 
     Provision for doubtful accounts   
       4,136     
       (2,521 )   
       66   
 
     Provision for obsolete and slow-moving inventories   
       26,458     
       23,257     
       25,903   
 
     Unrealized foreign currency losses (gains)   
       13,387     
       37,931     
       573   
 
     Deferred income taxes   
       1,699     
       5,897     
       89,828   
 
     Stock compensation   
       41,250     
       26,290     
       24,293   
 
     Realized gains on marketable securities   
       (822 )   
       (55 )   
       (505 ) 
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:   
             
             
           
 
     Accounts receivable   
       9,000     
       22,473     
       (27,398 ) 
 
     Inventories   
       (2,455 )   
       (121,718 )   
       (76,491 ) 
 
     Other current and non-current assets   
       2,234     
       (107,360 )   
       627   
 
     Accounts payable   
       (11,496 )   
       36,079     
       8,981   
 
     Other current and non-current liabilities   
       44,766     
       20,742     
       16,467   
 
     Deferred revenue   
       (6,363 )   
       (43,338 )   
       (87,543 ) 
 
     Deferred costs   
       (15,780 )   
       (585 )   
       11,029   
 
     Income taxes payable   
       3,017     
       (151,014 )   
       95,961   
 
     Net cash provided by operating activities   
       705,682     
       280,467     
       522,711   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Investing activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Purchases of property and equipment   
       (90,960 )   
       (80,592 )   
       (73,339 ) 
 
     Proceeds from sale of property and equipment   
       676     
       7,921     
       748   
 
     Purchase of intangible assets   
       (5,715 )   
       (3,889 )   
       (4,720 ) 
 
     Purchase of marketable securities   
       (905,089 )   
       (915,921 )   
       (1,006,482 ) 
 
     Redemption of marketable securities   
       957,350     
       919,141     
       1,096,676   
 
     Proceeds from repayment of loan receivable   
       -     
       -     
       137,379   
 
     Acquisitions, net of cash acquired   
       (77,945 )   
       (38,687 )   
       (18,871 ) 
 
     Change in restricted cash   
       146     
       48     
       (59 ) 
 
     Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities   
       (121,537 )   
       (111,979 )   
       131,332   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Financing activities:   
             
             
           
 
     Dividends   
       (481,452 )   
       (378,117 )   
       (360,075 ) 
 
     Tax benefit from issuance of equity awards   
       1,692     
       (2,049 )   
       (84 ) 
 
     Proceeds from issuance of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       18,648     
       17,073     
       20,753   
 
     Purchase of treasury stock related to equity awards   
       (7,331 )   
       (5,586 )   
       (18,638 ) 
 
     Purchase of treasury stock under share repurchase plan   
       (93,233 )   
       (131,413 )   
       (241,578 ) 
 
     Net cash used in financing activities   
       (561,676 )   
       (500,092 )   
       (599,622 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents   
       (8,656 )   
       (31,594 )   
       (37,302 ) 
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents   
       13,813     
       (363,198 )   
       17,119   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year   
       833,070     
       1,196,268     
       1,179,149   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents at end of year   
     $ 846,883     
     $ 833,070     
     $ 1,196,268   
 



   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       65   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. And Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(continued) 

 (In Thousands) 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information   
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash paid during the year for income taxes   
     $ 115,548     
     $ 252,885     
     $ 175,465   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash received during the year from income tax refunds   
     $ 4,275     
     $ 3,793     
     $ 5,260   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Cash paid during the year for interest   
       -     
       -     
       -   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities   
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Change in marketable securities related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation)   
     $ (12,123 )   
     $ 1,867     
     $ 29,220   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Fair value of assets acquired   
     $ 91,620     
     $ 38,687     
     $ 22,735   
 
     Liabilities assumed   
       (6,344 )   
       -     
       (3,718 ) 
 
     Less: cash acquired   
       (7,331 )   
       -     
       (146 ) 
 
     Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired   
     $ 77,945     
     $ 38,687     
     $ 18,871   
 

   

 See accompanying notes. 

   


 
       66   
       
     

   

 GARMIN LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (In Thousands, Except Share and Per
Share Information) 

 December 31, 2016 and December 26,
2015 

   

 1. Description of the Business 

   

 Garmin Ltd. and subsidiaries
(together, the “Company”) design, develop, manufacture, market, and distribute a diverse family of hand-held, wrist-based,
portable and fixed-mount Global Positioning System (GPS)-enabled products and other navigation, communications, information and
sensor-based products. Garmin Corporation (GC) is primarily responsible for the manufacturing and distribution of the Company’s
products to the Company’s subsidiaries and, to a lesser extent, new product development and sales and marketing of the Company’s
products in Asia and the Far East. Garmin International, Inc. (GII) is primarily responsible for sales and marketing of the Company’s
products in the Americas region and for most of the Company’s research and new product development. GII also manufactures
most of the Company’s products in the aviation segment. Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (GEL) is responsible for sales and marketing
of the Company’s products in Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Many of GEL’s sales are to other Company-owned
distributors in the EMEA region. 

   

 2. Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies 

   

 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 

   

 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements reflect the accounts of Garmin Ltd. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions
have been eliminated. 

   

 At the Company’s
Annual General Meeting on June 10, 2016, the Company’s shareholders approved the cancellation of 10,000,000 registered shares
of the Company held by the Company (the “Formation Shares”) and the reduction in par value of each share of the Company
from CHF 10 to CHF 0.10 and the amendment of the Company’s Articles of Association to effect a corresponding share capital
reduction. 

   

 Fiscal Year 

   

 The Company’s
fiscal year is based on a 52-53-week period ending on the last Saturday of the calendar year. Due to the fact that there
are not exactly 52 weeks in a calendar year, and there is slightly more than one additional day per year (not including the effects
of leap year) in each calendar year as compared to a 52-week fiscal year, the Company will have a fiscal year comprising 53 weeks
in certain fiscal years, as determined by when the last Saturday of the calendar year occurs. 

 

 



   

 In those resulting
fiscal years that have 53 weeks, the Company will record an extra week of sales, costs, and related financial activity. Therefore,
the financial results of those 53-week fiscal years, and the associated 14-week fourth quarters, will not be entirely comparable
to the prior and subsequent 52-week fiscal years and the associated 13-week quarters. Fiscal years 2015 and 2014 included 52 weeks
while fiscal 2016 included 53 weeks. 

   

 Use of Estimates 

   

 The preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

   


 
       67   
       
     

   

 Foreign Currency 

   

 Many Garmin Ltd. subsidiaries
utilize currencies other than the United States Dollar (USD) as their functional currency. As required by the  Foreign Currency
Matters  topic of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC), the financial statements
of these subsidiaries for all periods presented have been translated into USD, the functional currency of Garmin Ltd., and the
reporting currency herein, for purposes of consolidation at rates prevailing during the year for sales, costs, and expenses and
at end-of-year rates for all assets and liabilities. The effect of this translation is recorded in a separate component of stockholders’
equity. Cumulative currency translation adjustments of ($9,411) and ($14,107) as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, respectively,
have been included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 



   

 Transactions in foreign
currencies are recorded at the approximate rate of exchange at the transaction date. Assets and liabilities resulting from these
transactions are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. The movements of the Taiwan Dollar and
Euro/British Pound Sterling have offsetting impacts on operating income when the currencies move congruently against the U.S. Dollar
due to the use of the Taiwan Dollar for manufacturing costs while the Euro and British Pound Sterling transactions relate primarily
to revenue. Foreign currency losses recorded in results of operations were $31,651, $23,465, and $4,299, for the years ended December
31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014, respectively. The loss in fiscal 2016 was due primarily to the USD weakening
against the Taiwan Dollar and the USD strengthening against the Euro and British Pound Sterling. The loss in fiscal 2015 was due
primarily to the USD strengthening against the Euro and British Pound Sterling, partially offset by the USD strengthening against
the Taiwan Dollar. The loss in fiscal 2014 was due primarily to the USD strengthening against the Euro and the British Pound Sterling,
which was largely offset by the USD strengthening against the Taiwan Dollar. 



   

 Earnings Per Share 

   

 Basic earnings per
share amounts are computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. For purposes of diluted earnings
per share, the number of shares that would be issued from the exercise of dilutive stock options has been reduced by the number
of shares which could have been purchased from the proceeds of the exercise at the average market price of the Company’s
stock during the period the options were outstanding. See Note 10. 

   

 Cash and Cash Equivalents 

   

 For purposes of reporting
cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, operating accounts, money market funds, and securities with maturities
of three months or less when purchased. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value, given the short
maturity of those instruments. 

   

 Trade Accounts Receivable 

   

 The Company sells
its products to retailers, wholesalers, and other customers and extends credit based on its evaluation of the customer’s
financial condition.  Potential losses on receivables are dependent on each individual customer’s financial condition.
The Company carries its trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. Typically, its accounts receivable are collected within
80 days and do not bear interest. The Company monitors its exposure to losses on receivables and maintains allowances for potential
losses or adjustments. The Company determines these allowances by (1) evaluating the aging of its receivables and (2) reviewing
its high-risk customers. Past due receivable balances are written off when  internal collection efforts have been unsuccessful
in collecting the amount due. The Company maintains trade credit insurance to provide security against large losses. 

   

 Concentration of Credit Risk 

   

 The Company grants
credit to certain customers who meet the Company’s pre-established credit requirements. Generally, the Company does not
require security when trade credit is granted to customers. Credit losses are provided for in the Company’s consolidated
financial statements and typically have been within management’s expectations. Certain customers are allowed extended terms
consistent with normal industry practice. Most of these extended terms can be classified as either relating to seasonal sales
variations or to the timing of new product releases by the Company. 

   


 
       68   
       
     

   

 The Company’s top ten customers
have contributed between 22% and 24% of net sales since 2014. None of the Company’s customers accounted for more than or
equal to 10% of consolidated net sales in the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014. 

   

 Loan Receivable 

   

 On March 14, 2013, the Company entered
into a Memorandum of Agreement (the “Agreement”) with Bombardier, Inc. (“Bombardier”).  The Company
is the supplier of the avionics system for the Lear 70 and Lear 75 aircraft for Learjet, Inc., which is a subsidiary of Bombardier
(the “Program”).  In order to assist Bombardier in connection with delayed cash flows from the Program partially
related to the certification of avionics for the Program exceeding the planned delivery date, the Company agreed to provide Bombardier
a short term, interest free, loan of $173,708 in cash in seven installments beginning on March 22, 2013 and ending on September
20, 2013 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement.  Bombardier repaid the loan in five installments beginning
in November 2013 and ending in April 2014 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and subsequent amendment signed
December 6, 2013.  

   

 Inventories 

   

 

 Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost or market with cost being determined on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis. The Company writes down its inventory
for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market
value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those
projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Inventories consisted of the following: 



   

 
 
         
     December 31, 2016     
     December 26, 2015   
 
         
           
         
 
     Raw Materials   
     $ 162,882     
     $ 203,173   
 
     Work-in-process   
       68,602     
       69,690   
 
     Finished goods   
       293,789     
       273,762   
 
     Inventory Reserves   
       (40,452 )   
       (46,071 ) 
 
     Inventory, net of reserves   
     $ 484,821     
     $ 500,554   
 



   

 Property and Equipment 

   

 Property and equipment
are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: 

   

 
 
     Buildings and
    improvements 
       
     39-50 
 
     Office furniture and equipment 
       
     3-5 
 
     Manufacturing and engineering
    equipment 
       
     5 
 
     Vehicles 
       
     5 
 
   

 Long-Lived Assets 

   

 As required by the  Property, Plant
and Equipment  topic of the FASB ASC, the Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. The carrying amount of a long-lived asset is not recoverable
if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. That
assessment is based on the carrying amount of the asset at the date it is tested for recoverability. An impairment loss is measured
as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. 

   


 
       69   
       
     

   

 The  Intangibles –
Goodwill and Other  topic of the FASB ASC requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives should not
be amortized but rather be tested for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that they may be impaired. The Company performs its annual goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests in the fourth quarter
of each year. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value as determined by a discounted cash flow model in
step one of the impairment analysis, the second step of the analysis will be performed. Each of the Company’s operating segments
(auto PND, auto OEM, aviation, marine, outdoor, and fitness) represents a distinct reporting unit. The Company did not recognize
any material goodwill or intangible asset impairment charges in 2016, 2015, or 2014, and step two was not considered necessary
in any of those periods as fair value was substantially in excess of the carrying amount for all reporting units in the respective
periods. 

   

 As noted above, the PND
market has declined as competing technologies have emerged and market saturation has occurred. This has resulted in, and is expected
to continue to result in, periods of lower revenues and profits for the Company’s auto PND reporting unit. Consequently,
if operating results and/or market conditions deteriorate significantly faster or more drastically than the forecasts utilized
in our estimation of fair value, the goodwill associated with the Company’s auto PND reporting unit may be at risk of impairment
in the future. 

   

 Accounting guidance also
requires that intangible assets with finite lives be amortized over their estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment. The
Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with finite lives over periods ranging from three to ten years. 



   

 Dividends 

   

 Under Swiss corporate
law, dividends must be approved by shareholders at the general meeting of the Company’s shareholders. 

   

 On June 10, 2016,
the shareholders approved a dividend of $2.04 per share (of which, $1.53 was paid in the Company’s 2016 fiscal year) payable
in four equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2016   
     June 16, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 
     September 30, 2016   
     September 15, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 
     December 30, 2016   
     December 14, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 
     March 31, 2017   
     March 15, 2017   
     $ 0.51   
 



   

 The Company paid dividends
in 2016 in the amount of $481,452. Both the dividends paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction of
retained earnings. 

   

 On June 5, 2015, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $2.04 per share (of which, $1.02 was paid in the Company's 2015 fiscal year) payable in four
equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2015   
     June 16, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     September 30, 2015   
     September 15, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     December 31, 2015   
     December 15, 2015   
     $ 0.51   
 
     March 31, 2016   
     March 16, 2016   
     $ 0.51   
 



   

 The Company paid dividends
in 2015 in the amount of $378,117. Both the dividends paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction of
retained earnings. 

   

 On June 6, 2014, the
shareholders approved a dividend of $1.92 per share (of which, $0.96 was paid in the Company's 2014 fiscal year) payable in four
equal installments on dates determined by the Board of Directors. The dates determined by the Board were as follows: 

   


 
       70   
       
     

   

 
 
     Dividend Date   
     Record Date   
     $s per share   
 
     June 30, 2014   
     June 17, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     September 30, 2014   
     September 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     December 31, 2014   
     December 15, 2014   
     $ 0.48   
 
     March 31, 2015   
     March 16, 2015   
     $ 0.48   
 



   

 The Company paid dividends
in 2014 in the amount of $360,075. Both the dividends paid and the remaining dividend payable were reported as a reduction of
retained earnings. 

   

 As of December 31,
2016 and December 26, 2015, approximately $304,674 of retained earnings was indefinitely restricted from distribution to stockholders
pursuant to the laws of Taiwan. 

   

 Intangible Assets 

   

 

 At December 31, 2016 and
December 26, 2015, the Company had patents, customer related intangibles and other identifiable finite-lived intangible assets
recorded at a cost of $253,472 and $216,465, respectively. Identifiable, finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their
estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis over three to ten years. Accumulated amortization was $173,023 and $158,704 at
December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, respectively. Amortization expense on these intangible assets was $14,319, $7,115, and
$8,362 for the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014, respectively. In the next five years, the
amortization expense is estimated to be $15,727, $14,502, $11,798, $9,301, and $4,931, respectively. 



   

 The Company’s
excess purchase cost over fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill) was $224,553 at December 31, 2016 and $187,791 at December
26, 2015. 

   

 
 
         
     December 31,  
2016     
     December 26,  
2015   
 
     Goodwill balance at beginning of year   
     $ 187,791     
     $ 178,638   
 
     Acquisitions   
       38,061     
       11,908   
 
     Finalization of purchase price allocations and effect of foreign currency translation   
       (1,299 )   
       (2,755 ) 
 
     Goodwill balance at end of year   
     $ 224,553     
     $ 187,791   
 



   

 Marketable Securities 

   

 Management determines
the appropriate classification of marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluates such designation as of each balance
sheet date. 

   

 All of the Company’s
marketable securities were considered available-for-sale at December 31, 2016. Available-for-sale securities are stated at fair
value, with the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive income (loss). At December 31, 2016 and
December 26, 2015, cumulative unrealized net losses of $27,350 and $16,321, respectively, were reported in accumulated other comprehensive
income, net of related taxes. 



   

 Investments are reviewed
periodically to determine if they have suffered an impairment of value that is considered other than temporary. If investments
are determined to be impaired, a loss is recognized at the date of determination. 

   


 
       71   
       
     

   

 Testing for impairment
of investments requires significant management judgment. The identification of potentially impaired investments, the determination
of their fair value and the assessment of whether any decline in value is other than temporary are the key judgment elements.
The discovery of new information and the passage of time can significantly change these judgments. Revisions of impairment judgments
are made when new information becomes known, and any resulting impairment adjustments are made at that time. The economic environment
and volatility of securities markets increase the difficulty of determining fair value and assessing investment impairment. 

   

 The amortized cost
of debt securities classified as available-for-sale is adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts to maturity,
or in the case of mortgage-backed securities, over the estimated life of the security. Such amortization is included in interest
income from investments. Realized gains and losses, and credit declines in value judged to be other-than-temporary are included
in other income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. 

   

 Investments are discussed
in detail in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 The Company accounts
for income taxes using the liability method in accordance with the FASB ASC 740 topic  Income Taxes . The liability method
provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the difference between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their carrying amount for financial reporting purposes as measured based on the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in
effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized. 

   

 The Company accounts
for uncertainty in income taxes in accordance with the FASB ASC 740 topic  Income Taxes .  The Company recognizes
liabilities for tax audit issues in the U.S. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which,
additional taxes will be due. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves not to be required, the reversal of the liabilities
would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when the Company determines the liabilities are no longer necessary.
If the Company’s estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense
would result. 



   

 Income taxes are discussed
in detail in Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Revenue Recognition 

   

 

 The Company recognizes
revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and
collection is probable.  For the large majority of the Company’s sales, these criteria are met once product has shipped
and title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer.  The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of hardware products
and software bundled with hardware that is essential to the functionality of the hardware in accordance with general revenue recognition
accounting guidance. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with industry specific software accounting guidance for standalone
sales of software products and sales of software bundled with hardware not essential to the functionality of the hardware. 
The Company generally does not offer specified or unspecified upgrade rights to its customers in connection with software sales. 



   

 For multiple-element
arrangements that include tangible products that contain software essential to the tangible product’s functionality and
undelivered software elements that relate to the tangible product’s essential software, the Company allocates revenue to
all deliverables based on their relative selling prices. In such circumstances, the accounting principles establish a hierarchy
to determine the selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables as follows: (i) vendor-specific objective
evidence of fair value (VSOE), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price (TPE), and (iii) best estimate of the selling
price (ESP).  VSOE generally exists only when the Company sells the deliverable separately, on more than a limited basis,
at prices within a relatively narrow range.  In addition to the products listed below, the Company has offered certain other
products including mobile applications, in-dash navigation solutions, aviation subscriptions and extended warranties that involve
multiple-element arrangements that are immaterial. 

   


 
       72   
       
     

   

 

 The Company offers PNDs
with lifetime map updates (LMUs) bundled in the original purchase price.  LMUs enable customers to download the latest map
and point of interest information for the useful life of their PND.  In addition, the Company offers PNDs with traffic service
bundled in the original purchase price.  The Company has identified multiple deliverables contained in arrangements involving
the sale of PNDs which include the LMU and/or traffic service.  The first deliverable is the hardware along with the software
essential to the functionality of the hardware device delivered at the time of sale.  The remaining deliverables are the LMU
and/or traffic service.  The Company has allocated revenue between these deliverables using the relative selling price method. 
Amounts allocated to the delivered hardware and the related essential software are recognized at the time of sale provided the
other conditions for revenue recognition have been met.  The revenue and associated cost of royalties allocated to the LMU
and/or the traffic service are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the estimated life of the products. 



   

 

 The Company has determined
sufficient VSOE does not exist for LMU or traffic, and that third party evidence of selling price is not available as stand-alone
and unbundled unit sales do not occur on more than a limited basis. Therefore, the Company uses the royalty cost plus a normal
margin as the primary indicator to calculate relative selling prices of the LMU and traffic elements. 

   

 For multiple-element software
arrangements that do not include a tangible product, the Company allocates revenue to the various elements based on VSOE. When
VSOE cannot be established for undelivered elements, all revenue is deferred until the earlier point at which all elements of the
arrangement are delivered or sufficient VSOE does exist, unless the only undelivered element is post-contract customer support.
If the only undelivered element is post-contract customer support, the entire arrangement consideration is recognized ratably over
the support period. The Company offers navigation software licenses to certain customers, bundled with map updates to be provided
periodically over the support period. The Company has determined sufficient VSOE of similar map updates does not exist for certain
arrangements, and therefore revenue from these transactions is recognized ratably over the contractual map update period. 

   

 The Company records revenue
net of sales tax, trade discounts and customer returns.  The Company records estimated reductions to revenue for customer
sales programs, returns and incentive offerings including rebates, price protection (product discounts offered to retailers to
assist in clearing older products from their inventories in advance of new product releases), promotions and other volume-based
incentives.  The reductions to revenue are based on estimates and judgments using historical experience and expectation of
future conditions.  Changes in these estimates could negatively affect the Company’s operating results.  
These incentives are reviewed periodically and, with the exceptions of price protection and certain other promotions, accrued for
on a percentage of sales basis.   If market conditions were to decline, the Company may take actions to increase customer
incentive offerings, possibly resulting in an incremental reduction of revenue at the time the incentive is offered. 



   

 Deferred Revenues and Costs 

   

 At December 31, 2016
and December 26, 2015, the Company had deferred revenues totaling $286,971 and $293,713, respectively, and related deferred costs
totaling $103,546 and $87,945, respectively. 

   

 The deferred revenues
and costs are recognized over their estimated economic lives, typically two to five years, on a straight-line basis. In the next
five years, the gross margin recognition of deferred revenue and cost for the currently deferred amounts is estimated to be $99,169,
$49,605, $23,027, $8,255, and $3,369, respectively. 



   

 Shipping and Handling Costs 

   

 Shipping and handling
costs are included in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

   

 Product Warranty 

   

 

 The Company provides for
estimated warranty costs at the time of sale.  The Company’s standard warranty obligation to retail partners generally
provides for a right of return of any product for a full refund in the event that such product is not merchantable, is damaged
or defective.  The Company’s historical experience is that these types of warranty obligations are generally fulfilled
within 5 months from time of sale.  The Company’s standard warranty obligation to its end-users provides for a period
of one to two years from date of shipment while certain aviation products have a warranty period of two years from the date of
installation .   The Company’s estimate of costs to service its warranty obligations are based on historical experience
and expectations of future conditions and are recorded as a liability on the balance sheet.  To the extent the Company experiences
increased warranty claim activity or increased costs associated with servicing those claims, its warranty accrual will increase,
resulting in decreased gross profit. The following reconciliation provides an illustration of changes in the aggregate warranty
reserve: 



   


 
       73   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 25,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     Balance - beginning of period   
     $ 30,449     
     $ 27,609     
     $ 26,767   
 
     Accrual for products sold (1)   
       61,578     
       44,620     
       44,423   
 
     Expenditures   
       (54,794 )   
       (41,780 )   
       (43,581 ) 
 
     Balance - end of period   
     $ 37,233     
     $ 30,449     
     $ 27,609   
 

   

 
 (1) Changes in cost estimates related to pre-existing warranties are aggregated with accruals for new warranty
contracts in the ‘accrual for products sold’ line . 


 
 

   

 Sales Programs 

   

 The Company provides
certain monthly and quarterly incentives for its dealers and distributors based on various factors including dealer purchasing
volume and growth. Additionally, from time to time, the Company provides rebates to end users on certain products. Estimated rebates
and incentives payable to dealers and distributors are regularly reviewed and recorded as accrued expenses on a monthly basis.
In addition, the Company provides dealers and distributors with product discounts to assist these customers in clearing older
products from their inventories in advance of new product releases. Each discount is tied to a specific product and can be applied
to all customers who have purchased the product, or a special discount may be agreed to on an individual customer basis. These
rebates, incentives, and discounts are recorded as reductions to net sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of income
in the period the Company has sold the product. 

   

 Advertising Costs 

   

 The Company expenses
advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense amounted to approximately $177,143, $167,166, and $146,633, for the years ended
December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, respectively. 

   

 Research and Development 

   

 A
majority of the Company’s research and development is performed in the United States. Research and development costs, which
are expensed as incurred, amounted to approximately $467,960, $427,043, and $395,121, for the years ended December 31, 2016, December
26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, respectively. 

   

 Customer Service and Technical Support 

   

 Customer service and technical support
costs are included as selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. Customer
service and technical support costs include costs associated with performing order processing, answering customer inquiries by
telephone and through Web sites, e-mail and other electronic means, and providing free technical support assistance to customers.
The technical support is provided within one year after the associated revenue is recognized. The related cost of providing this
free support is not material. 

   


 
       74   
       
     

   

 Software Development Costs 

   

 The FASB ASC topic entitled  Software
 requires companies to expense software development costs as they incur them until technological feasibility has been established,
at which time those costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Capitalized software
development costs are not significant as the time elapsed from working model to release is typically short. As required by the
Research and Development topic of the FASB ASC, costs incurred to enhance our existing products or after the general release of
the service using the product are expensed in the period they are incurred and included in research and development costs in the
accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

   

 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 

   

 The Company currently sponsors four stock based employee compensation plans. The FASB ASC topic entitled  Compensation –
Stock Compensation  requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expenses for all share-based payment awards made
to employees and directors including employee stock options and restricted stock based on estimated fair values. 

   

 Accounting guidance
requires companies to estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model.
The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as stock-based compensation expense over
the requisite service period in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. 

   

 As stock-based compensation
expenses recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income are based on awards ultimately expected to vest, they
have been reduced for estimated forfeitures. Accounting guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and
revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Forfeitures were estimated based
on historical experience and management’s estimates. 

   

 Stock compensation
plans are discussed in detail in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

   

 In May 2014, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) (“ASU
2014-09”), which supersedes previous revenue recognition guidance. ASU 2014-09 requires that a company will recognize revenue
at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or
services to a customer. The new standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or in a modified retrospective
approach in which the cumulative effect will be recognized as of the date of adoption. Additional updates to Topic 606 issued
by the FASB in 2015 and 2016 include the following: 

   

 
 · ASU
                                         No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective
                                         Date (“ASU 2015-14”), which defers the effective date of the new guidance
                                         such that the new provisions will now be required for fiscal years, and interim periods
                                         within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company does not intend to
                                         early adopt, and adoption will therefore occur in the fiscal year ending December 28,
                                         2018. 

 
 · ASU
                                         No. 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent
                                         Considerations (“ASU 2016-08”), which clarifies the implementation guidance
                                         on principal versus agent considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net). 

   


 
       75   
       
     

   

 
 · ASU
                                         No. 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
                                         Obligations and Licensing (“ASU 2016-10”), which clarifies the implementation
                                         guidance on identifying performance obligations and classifying licensing arrangements 

 
 · ASU
                                         No. 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements
                                         and Practical Expedients (“ASU 2016-12”), which clarifies the implementation
                                         guidance in a number of other areas. 

 
 · ASU
No. 2016-20, Technical Corrections and Improvements to Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASU 2016-20”),
which affects narrow aspects of Topic 606 such as providing incremental guidance around contract costs. 
 

   

 We currently anticipate
we will adopt the new revenue standards using the full retrospective method to restate each prior reporting period presented. Our
decision to adopt using the full retrospective method is dependent on the finalization of our analysis of information necessary
to restate prior period financial statements. 

 We continue to make
progress in evaluating all potential impacts of adopting the new revenue standards on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements, the materiality of which is not yet known. This evaluation includes monitoring the work of standard setters, including
any impacts from the recently issued amendments, and considering the interpretive efforts of non-authoritative groups. 

 Refer to the discussion
above regarding the Company’s current revenue recognition policies. Adoption of the new standards is expected to affect the
manner in which the Company determines the unit of account for certain products (i.e. performance obligations), as well as the
allocation of consideration (i.e. revenue) to certain obligations. We have completed our grouping of the Company’s homogenous
revenue streams and are continuing to specify and allocate consideration to the associated obligations. 



   

 In January 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments—Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (“ASU 2016-01”). The standard addresses certain aspects of recognition,
measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods
within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard
on its consolidated financial statements. 

   

 In February 2016,
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (“ASU 2016-02”), which sets out the principles
for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both lessees and lessors. ASU 2016-02 requires lessees
to present a right-of-use asset and a corresponding lease liability on the balance sheet. Lessor accounting is substantially unchanged
compared to the current accounting guidance. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years,
beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the
new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

   

 In March 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting (“ASU 2016-09”), which is intended to simplify the accounting for share-based payment
awards. The standard includes provisions addressing income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities,
and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
years, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not intend to early adopt ASU 2016-09, rather, adoption will occur
in the fiscal year ending December 30, 2017. ASU 2016-09 requires that tax effects from stock-based compensation be recognized
in the income tax provision, as these amounts are currently recognized in additional paid-in capital. The Company believes this
aspect of the standard may have a material effect on the income tax provision within the consolidated statements of income in
future periods. Furthermore, under ASU 2016-09, excess income tax benefits from stock-based compensation arrangements are classified
as a cash flow from operations, rather than as a cash flow from financing activities. The Company will apply both changes prospectively.
The Company is currently unable to reasonably estimate the impact of these changes due to the dependency of these items on the
underlying share price of the Company. 

   

 In August 2016, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments (“ASU 2016-15”), which adds or clarifies guidance on the classification of certain cash receipts
and payments in the statement of cash flows. The standard addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing
diversity in practice. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December
15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new standard on its consolidated
financial statements. 

   


 
       76   
       
     

   

 In January 2017, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business
(“ASU 2017-01”), which narrows the scope of Topic 805 by revising the definition of a business. When substantially
all of the fair value of gross assets acquired or disposed of is concentrated in a single asset (or group of similar assets),
the asset(s) would not represent a business in the context of Topic 805. ASU 2017-01 should be applied prospectively and is effective
for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company does not expect the adoption of the new provisions to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

   

 In January 2017, the
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-04, Intangible – Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplify the Test for
Goodwill Impairment (“ASU 2017-04”) which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. ASU 2017-04 removes Step
2 of the goodwill impairment test, such that a goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit’s carrying
value exceeds its fair value. ASU 2017-04 should be applied prospectively and is effective for fiscal years, or any goodwill impairment
tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for any impairment tests performed after
January 1, 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption of the new provisions to have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

   

 3. Marketable Securities 

   

 The FASB ASC topic
entitled  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (exit price). The
accounting guidance classifies the inputs used to measure fair value into the following hierarchy: 

   

 
 
     Level 1 
     Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
    for identical assets or liability 
 
       
       
 
     Level 2 
     Observable inputs for the asset or liability, either directly
    or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar
    assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset
    or liability 
 
       
       
 
     Level 3 
     Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability 
 
   

 The Company endeavors
to utilize the best available information in measuring fair value. Financial assets and liabilities are classified in their entirety
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation is based on prices obtained from
an independent pricing vendor using both market and income approaches. The primary inputs to the valuation include quoted prices
for similar assets in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active, contractual
cash flows, benchmark yields, and credit spreads. 

   

 The method described above may produce
a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore,
while the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value
measurement at the reporting date. 

   


 
       77   
       
     

   

 Available-for-sale securities measured
at fair value on a recurring basis are summarized below: 

   

 
 
         
     Fair Value Measurements as   of December 31, 2016   
 
         
     Total     
     Level 1     
     Level 2     
     Level 3   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ 29,034     
     $ -     
     $ 29,034     
     $ -   
 
     Agency securities   
       59,541     
       -     
       59,541     
       -   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       230,823     
       -     
       230,823     
       -   
 
     Corporate securities   
       893,725     
       -     
       893,725     
       -   
 
     Municipal securities   
       176,168     
       -     
       176,168     
       -   
 
     Other   
       90,946     
       -     
       90,946     
       -   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,480,237     
     $ -     
     $ 1,480,237     
     $ -   
 

   

 
 
         
     Fair Value Measurements as  of December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Total     
     Level 1     
     Level 2     
     Level 3   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ 27,731     
     $ -     
     $ 27,731     
     $ -   
 
     Agency securities   
       208,631     
       -     
       208,631     
       -   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       370,232     
       -     
       370,232     
       -   
 
     Corporate securities   
       648,590     
       -     
       648,590     
       -   
 
     Municipal securities   
       223,562     
       -     
       223,562     
       -   
 
     Other   
       79,802     
       -     
       79,802     
       -   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,558,548     
     $ -     
     $ 1,558,548     
     $ -   
 

   

 Marketable securities
classified as available-for-sale securities are summarized below: 

   

 
 
         
     Available-For-Sale Securities as  of December 31, 2016   
 
         
     Amortized Cost     
     Gross Unrealized  Gains     
     Gross Unrealized   Losses- OTTI   (1)     
     Gross Unrealized   Losses- Other  (2)     
     Fair Value   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ 29,291     
     $ 31     
     $ -     
     $ (288 )   
     $ 29,034   
 
     Agency securities   
       60,513     
       19     
       -     
       (991 )   
       59,541   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       236,354     
       41     
       -     
       (5,572 )   
       230,823   
 
     Corporate securities   
       914,028     
       252     
       -     
       (20,555 )   
       893,725   
 
     Municipal securities   
       178,804     
       224     
       -     
       (2,859 )   
       176,169   
 
     Other   
       90,934     
       20     
       -     
       (9 )   
       90,945   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,509,924     
     $ 587     
     $ -     
     $ (30,274 )   
     $ 1,480,237   
 

   

 
 
         
     Available-For-Sale Securities as  of December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Amortized Cost     
     Gross Unrealized  Gains     
     Gross Unrealized   Losses- OTTI (1)     
     Gross Unrealized   Losses- Other (2)     
     Fair Value   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ 27,772     
     $ 27     
     $ -     
     $ (68 )   
     $ 27,731   
 
     Agency securities   
       211,248     
       105     
       (2,409 )   
       (313 )   
       208,631   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       376,801     
       191     
       (1,210 )   
       (5,550 )   
       370,232   
 
     Corporate securities   
       656,447     
       179     
       (1,635 )   
       (6,401 )   
       648,590   
 
     Municipal securities   
       223,991     
       636     
       (9 )   
       (1,056 )   
       223,562   
 
     Other   
       79,853     
       4     
       (14 )   
       (41 )   
       79,802   
 
     Total   
     $ 1,576,112     
     $ 1,142     
     $ (5,277 )   
     $ (13,429 )   
     $ 1,558,548   
 

   

 
 (1) Represents impairment not related
                                         to credit for those investment securities that have been determined to be other-than-temporarily
                                         impaired. 

 
 (2) Represents unrealized losses
                                         on investment securities that have not been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

   

 The Company’s investment policy
targets low risk investments with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The fair value of our securities
varies from period to period due to changes in interest rates, in the performance of the underlying collateral and in the credit
performance of the underlying issuer, among other factors. The Company does not intend to sell the securities that have an unrealized
loss shown in the table above, and it is not more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell a security before
recovery of its amortized cost basis, which may be maturity. 

   


 
       78   
       
     

   

 The Company recognizes
the credit component of other-than-temporary impairments of debt securities in "Other Income" and the noncredit component
in "Other comprehensive income (loss)" for those securities that we do not intend to sell and for which it is not more
likely than not that we will be required to sell before recovery.  During 2016 and 2015, the Company did not record any material
impairment charges on its outstanding securities. 



   

 The amortized cost and fair value of the
securities at an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2016 were $1,283,018 and $1,252,744 respectively. Approximately 64.7%
of securities in our portfolio were at an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2016. We have the ability to hold these securities
until maturity or their value is recovered. We do not consider these unrealized losses to be other than temporary credit losses
because there has been no material deterioration in credit quality and no change in the cash flows of the underlying securities.
We do not intend to sell the securities and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities; therefore,
no material impairment has been recorded in the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of income. 

   

 The cost of securities
sold is based on the specific identification method. 

   

 The following tables
display additional information regarding gross unrealized losses and fair value by major security type for available-for-sale
securities in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015. 

   

 
 
         
     As of December 31, 2016   
 
         
     Less than 12 Consecutive Months     
     12 Consecutive Months or Longer   
 
         
     Gross Unrealized  Losses     
     Fair Value     
     Gross Unrealized  Losses     
     Fair Value   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ (288 )   
     $ 24,260     
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
     Agency securities   
       (991 )   
       49,255     
       -     
       -   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       (3,702 )   
       159,665     
       (1,870 )   
       64,645   
 
     Corporate securities   
       (18,856 )   
       765,712     
       (1,699 )   
       40,910   
 
     Municipal securities   
       (2,762 )   
       130,994     
       (97 )   
       6,326   
 
     Other   
       (3 )   
       4,058     
       (6 )   
       6,919   
 
     Total   
     $ (26,602 )   
     $ 1,133,944     
     $ (3,672 )   
     $ 118,800   
 

   

 
 
         
     As of December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Less than 12 Consecutive Months     
     12 Consecutive Months or Longer   
 
         
     Gross Unrealized  Losses     
     Fair Value     
     Gross Unrealized  Losses     
     Fair Value   
 
     U.S. Treasury securities   
     $ (68 )   
     $ 22,184     
     $ -     
     $ -   
 
     Agency securities   
       (691 )   
       117,803     
       (2,031 )   
       69,418   
 
     Mortgage-backed securities   
       (4,571 )   
       263,735     
       (2,189 )   
       83,722   
 
     Corporate securities   
       (6,719 )   
       521,731     
       (1,317 )   
       50,374   
 
     Municipal securities   
       (1,035 )   
       116,033     
       (30 )   
       6,557   
 
     Other   
       (29 )   
       14,666     
       (26 )   
       14,927   
 
     Total   
     $ (13,113 )   
     $ 1,056,152     
     $ (5,593 )   
     $ 224,998   
 

   

 The amortized cost
and fair value of marketable securities at December 31, 2016, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will
differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment
penalties. 

   


 
       79   
       
     

 
   

 
 
         
     Amortized Cost     
     Fair Value   
 
         
           
         
 
     Due in one year or less   
     $ 267,115     
     $ 266,952   
 
     Due after one year through five years   
       979,546     
       963,898   
 
     Due after five years through ten years   
       256,691     
       243,052   
 
     Due after ten years   
       6,572     
       6,335   
 
         
     $ 1,509,924     
     $ 1,480,237   
 

   

 4. Commitments and Contingencies 

   

 Rental expense related
to office, equipment, warehouse space, and real estate amounted to $19,657, $18,104, and $19,559 for the years ended December
31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014, respectively. The Company recognizes rental expense on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. 

   

 Future minimum lease
payments are as follows: 

   

 
 
     Year   
     Amount   
 
     2017   
     $ 15,229   
 
     2018   
       12,760   
 
     2019   
       9,243   
 
     2020   
       7,897   
 
     2021   
       7,008   
 
     Thereafter   
       21,168   
 
     Total   
     $ 73,305   
 



   

 Certain cash balances
of GEL and GC are held as collateral by banks securing payment of local value-added tax requirements.  The total amount of
restricted cash balances were $113 and $259 at December 31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, respectively. 

   

 The Company is party
to certain commitments, which include purchases of raw materials, advertising expenditures, investments in certain low income
housing tax credit projects, and other indirect purchases in connection with conducting our business. The aggregate amount of
purchase orders and other commitments open as of December 31, 2016 was approximately $403,059. We cannot determine the aggregate
amount of such purchase orders that represent contractual obligations because purchase orders may represent authorizations to
purchase rather than binding agreements. Our purchase orders are based on our current needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers,
contract manufacturers, and logistics providers within short periods of time. 

   

 In the normal course
of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are parties to various legal claims, investigations and complaints, including matters
alleging patent infringement and other intellectual property claims. The Company evaluates, on a quarterly basis, developments
in legal proceedings, investigations or claims that could affect the amount of any accrual or disclosure. The assessment regarding
whether a loss is probable or a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a
series of complex judgments about future events. 

   

 Management of the
Company currently does not believe there is at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or
a material loss in excess of recorded accruals, with respect to loss contingencies individually and in the aggregate, for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. The results of legal proceedings, investigations and claims, however, cannot be predicted
with certainty. Although management considers the likelihood to be remote, an adverse resolution of one or more of such matters
in excess of management’s expectations could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations
in a particular quarter or fiscal year. 

   


 
       80   
       
     

   

 The Company settled
or resolved certain matters during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 that did not individually or in the aggregate have
a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. 

   

 5. Employee Benefit Plans 

   

 GII and the Company’s
other U.S.-based subsidiaries sponsor a defined contribution employee retirement plan under which their employees may contribute
up to 50% of their annual compensation subject to Internal Revenue Code maximum limitations and to which the subsidiaries contribute
a specified percentage of each participant’s annual compensation up to certain limits as defined in the retirement plan.
Additionally, GEL has a defined contribution plan under which its employees may contribute up to 7.5% of their annual compensation.
During the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014, expense related to these and other defined
contribution plans of $40,844, $37,489, and $29,267, respectively, was charged to operations. 



   

 Certain of the Company’s
foreign subsidiaries participate in local defined benefit pension plans. Contributions are calculated by formulas that consider
final pensionable salaries. Neither obligations nor contributions for the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and
December 27, 2014 were significant. 

   

 6. Income Taxes 

   

 The Company’s
income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following: 

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Federal:   
           
           
         
 
     Current   
     $ 66,627     
     $ 49,138     
     $ (18,665 ) 
 
     Deferred   
       5,343     
       4,216     
       58,164   
 
         
     $ 71,970     
     $ 53,354     
     $ 39,499   
 
     State:   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       8,809     
       9,354     
       5,575   
 
     Deferred   
       (3,823 )   
       (5,858 )   
       4,368   
 
         
     $ 4,986     
     $ 3,496     
     $ 9,943   
 
     Foreign:   
             
             
           
 
     Current   
       42,406     
       55,730     
       287,197   
 
     Deferred   
       (506 )   
       (1,620 )   
       22,895   
 
         
     $ 41,900     
     $ 54,110     
     $ 310,092   
 
     Total   
     $ 118,856     
     $ 110,960     
     $ 359,534 
 



   

 The income tax provision
differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to income before taxes. The sources and
tax effects of the differences, including the impact of establishing tax contingency accruals, are as follows: 

   


 
       81   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Federal income tax expense at U.S. statutory rate   
     $ 220,385     
     $ 198,516     
     $ 253,260   
 
     State income tax expense, net of federal tax effect   
       2,749     
       1,931     
       6,463   
 
     Foreign tax rate differential   
       (111,989 )   
       (100,010 )   
       (154,338 ) 
 
     Taiwan tax holiday benefit   
       (2,032 )   
       (3,488 )   
       (3,147 ) 
 
     Other foreign taxes less incentives and credits   
       (16,593 )   
       (8,592 )   
       5,947   
 
     Withholding Tax   
       17,447     
       16,969     
       21,039   
 
     Intercompany Restructuring   
       -     
       -     
       307,635   
 
     Net Change in Uncertain Tax Positions   
       17,328     
       21,246     
       (67,231 ) 
 
     Federal Domestic Production Activities Deduction   
       (5,528 )   
       (4,589 )   
       (3,606 ) 
 
     Federal Research and Development Credit   
       (8,548 )   
       (8,573 )   
       (8,373 ) 
 
     Other, net   
       5,637     
       (2,450 )   
       1,885   
 
     Income tax expense   
     $ 118,856     
     $ 110,960     
     $ 359,534 
 



    

 In the third quarter of
2014, the Company initiated an inter-company restructuring that realigned our corporate entity structure. This change in corporate
structure provides access to historical earnings that were previously permanently reinvested and allows us to efficiently repatriate
future earnings. As a result of the change in corporate structure, the Company recorded tax expense of $307,635. Approximately
$265,000 of this amount has been paid. The remainder of the accrued tax is expected to be paid incrementally as the cash is repatriated. 



   

 The holding company’s
statutory federal income tax rate in Switzerland, the Company's place of incorporation since the Redomestication, effective June
27, 2010, is 7.83%. If the Company reconciled taxes at the Swiss holding company federal statutory tax rate to the reported income
tax for 2016 as presented above, the amounts related to tax at the statutory rate would be $171,000 lower, or $49,000, and the
foreign tax rate differential would be adjusted by a similar amount to $55,000. For 2015, the amounts related to tax at the statutory
rate would be approximately $154,000 lower, or $44,000, and the foreign tax rate differential would be adjusted by a similar amount
to approximately $52,000. For 2014, the amount related to tax at the statutory rate would be approximately $197,000 lower, or
$57,000, and the foreign tax differential would be reduced by a similar amount to approximately $44,000. All other amounts would
remain substantially unchanged. 

   

 The Company’s income
before income taxes attributable to non-U.S. operations was $453,729, $403,242, and $546,790, for the years ended December 31,
2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014, respectively. The Taiwan tax holiday benefits included in the table above reflect
$0.01, $0.02, and $0.02 per weighted-average common share outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015,
and December 27, 2014, respectively. The Company currently expects to benefit from these Taiwan tax holidays through 2017, at which
time these tax benefits will likely expire. 



   

 

 Income taxes of $22,139,
$21,085, and $20,606 at December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014, respectively, have not been accrued by the
Company for the unremitted earnings of several of its foreign subsidiaries because such earnings are intended to be reinvested
in the subsidiaries indefinitely. 



   

 Deferred income taxes
reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities
are as follows: 

   


 
       82   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015   
 
     Deferred tax assets:   
             
           
 
     Product warranty accruals   
     $ 2,768     
     $ 2,990   
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
       10,100     
       10,323   
 
     Inventory reserves   
       8,953     
       10,904   
 
     Sales program allowances   
       1,397     
       1,783   
 
     Reserve for sales returns   
       2,196     
       1,457   
 
     Other accruals   
       13,548     
       10,799   
 
     Share based compensation   
       29,632     
       35,360   
 
     Tax credit carryforwards   
       5,012     
       3,906   
 
     Amortization   
       15,368     
       20,005   
 
     Deferred Revenue   
       32,487     
       32,809   
 
     Net operating losses of subsidiaries   
       5,403     
       5,228   
 
     Unrealized investment gain, net   
       5     
       -   
 
     Benefit related to uncertain tax positions   
       7,542     
       5,546   
 
     Other   
       4,000     
       4,106   
 
     Valuation allowance related to loss carryforward and tax credits   
       (4,622 )   
       (2,781 ) 
 
         
     $ 133,789     
     $ 142,435   
 
     Deferred tax liabilities:   
             
           
 
     Depreciation   
       17,854     
       18,029   
 
     Prepaid Expenses   
       2,876     
       2,821   
 
     Book basis in excess of tax basis for acquired entities   
       3,865     
       1,307   
 
     Unrealized investment loss, net   
       -     
       3,198   
 
     Withholding tax   
       58,597     
       54,865   
 
     Other   
       1,523     
       1,907   
 
         
       84,715     
       82,127   
 
     Net deferred tax assets   
     $ 49,074     
     $ 60,308   
 

   

 Included in the share
based compensation deferred tax asset of $29,632 are stock options that will begin to expire over the next several years. Given
the exercise price of the options expiring over the next 12 months compared to the current market price it is possible that these
options will expire unexercised, resulting in a potential increase to income tax expense. 

   

 At December 31, 2016,
the Company had $5,012 of tax credit carryover compared to $3,906 at December 26, 2015. 

   

 At December 31, 2016,
the Company had a deferred tax asset of $5,403 related to the future tax benefit on net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of
$35,843. Included in the NOL carryforwards is $22,968 that relates to Switzerland and expires in 2023, $1,462 that relates to
Finland and expires in varying amounts between 2025 and 2026, $1,991 that relates to the United States and expires in varying
amounts between 2035 and 2036, and $9,422 that relates to various other jurisdictions and has no expiration date. The Company
has recorded a valuation allowance for a portion of its deferred tax asset relating to various tax attributes that it does not
believe are more likely than not to be realized. In the future, if the Company determines, based on existence of sufficient evidence,
that it should realize more or less of its deferred tax assets, an adjustment to the valuation allowance will be made in the period
such a determination is made. 

   

 The total amount of
gross unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2016 was $115,090. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
unrecognized tax benefits for years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014 is as follows: 

   


 
       83   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Balance beginning of year   
     $ 97,904     
     $ 77,495     
     $ 133,015   
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to prior years   
       489     
       89     
       2,889   
 
     Reductions based on tax positions related to prior years   
       (940 )   
       (1,671 )   
       (60,967 ) 
 
     Additions based on tax positions related to current period   
       28,859     
       29,019     
       39,115   
 
     Reductions related to settlements with tax authorities   
       (134 )   
       (364 )   
       (401 ) 
 
     Expiration of statute of limitations   
       (11,088 )   
       (6,664 )   
       (36,156 ) 
 
     Balance at end of year   
     $ 115,090     
     $ 97,904     
     $ 77,495   
 



   

 Accounting guidance
requires unrecognized tax benefits to be classified as non-current liabilities, except for the portion that is expected to be
paid within one year of the balance sheet date. The entire balance of net unrecognized benefits of $109,667, $93,654 and $74,205
are required to be classified as non-current at December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and December 27, 2014, respectively. The
net unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would reduce the effective tax rate. None of the unrecognized tax benefits are due
to uncertainty in the timing of deductibility. 

   

 Interest and penalties,
if any, accrued on the unrecognized tax benefits are reflected in income tax expense. At December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015,
and December 27, 2014, the Company had accrued approximately $3,901, $2,479, and $2,159, respectively, for interest. The interest
component of the reserve increased (decreased) income tax expense for the years ending December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015, and
December 27, 2014, by $1,422, $320, and ($2,953), respectively. The Company had no amounts accrued for penalties as the nature
of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would not warrant the imposition of penalties. 

   

 The Company files
income tax returns in Switzerland and U.S. federal jurisdictions, as well as various state, local and foreign jurisdictions. With
few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, or local tax examinations by tax authorities for years
2012 and prior. The Company is no longer subject to Taiwan income tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2010 and prior.
The Company is no longer subject to United Kingdom tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2013 and prior. The Company is
no longer subject to Switzerland tax examinations by tax authorities for years 2011 and prior. 

   

 The Company recognized
a reduction of income tax expense of $11,151, $6,971, and $83,006 in fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015,
and December 27, 2014, respectively, to reflect the expiration of statutes of limitations and releases due to audit settlement
in various jurisdictions. 

   

 The Company believes
that it is reasonably possible that approximately $15,000 to $20,000 of its reserves for certain unrecognized tax benefits will
decrease within the next 12 months as the result of the expiration of statutes of limitations. This potential decrease in unrecognized
tax benefits would impact the Company’s effective tax rate within the next 12 months. 

   

 7. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

   

 As required by
the  Financial Instruments  topic of the FASB ASC, the following summarizes required information about the fair value of
certain financial instruments for which it is currently practicable to estimate such value. None of the financial instruments
are held or issued for trading purposes. The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company’s financial instruments are
as follows: 

   


 
       84   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     December 31, 2016     
     December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Carrying     
     Fair     
     Carrying     
     Fair   
 
         
     Amount     
     Value     
     Amount     
     Value   
 
     Cash and cash equivalents   
     $ 846,883     
     $ 846,883     
     $ 833,070     
     $ 833,070   
 
     Restricted cash   
       113     
       113     
       259     
       259   
 
     Marketable securities   
       1,480,237     
       1,480,237     
       1,558,548     
       1,558,548   
 



   

 For certain of
the Company’s financial instruments, including accounts receivable, loan receivable, accounts payable and other accrued
liabilities, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities. 

   

 8. Segment Information 

   

 The Company has
identified five reportable segments for external reporting purposes – auto, aviation, marine, outdoor and fitness. There
are two operating segments (auto PND and auto OEM) that are not reported separately but aggregated within the auto reportable
segment. Each operating segment is individually reviewed and evaluated by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), who allocates
resources and assesses performance of each segment individually. 

   

 All of the Company’s
reportable segments offer products through the Company’s network of independent dealers and distributors as well as through
OEMs. However, the nature of products and types of customers for the five reportable segments vary. The Company’s marine,
auto, outdoor, and fitness segments include portable global positioning system (GPS) receivers and accessories sold primarily
to retail outlets. These products are produced primarily by the Company’s subsidiary in Taiwan. The Company’s aviation
products are portable and panel mount avionics for Visual Flight Rules and Instrument Flight Rules navigation and are sold primarily
to aviation dealers and certain aircraft manufacturers. 

   

 The Company’s
Chief Executive Officer has been identified as the CODM. In 2015, the measure of segment profit or loss used by the CODM to assess
segment performance and allocate resources changed from income before income taxes to operating income. This change did not impact
the measurement methods used to determine reported segment profit or loss in all years presented.   Operating income represents
net sales less costs of goods sold and operating expenses, including certain allocated general and administrative costs. The accounting
policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. There are
no inter-segment sales or transfers. 

   

 The Company’s
reportable segments share many common resources, infrastructures and assets in the normal course of business. Thus, the Company
does not report accounts receivable, inventories, property and equipment, intangible assets, or capital expenditures by segment
to the CODM. 

   


 
       85   
       
     

   

 Revenues, gross profit,
and operating income for each of the Company’s reportable segments are presented below. In 2016 the Company moved action
camera related revenue and expenses from the outdoor segment to the auto segment, allowing for alignment and synergies with other
camera-based efforts occurring within the auto segment. The overall impact of the move was immaterial. However, action camera related
operating results for the 52-weeks ended December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 have been recast to conform to the current year
presentation. 



   

 
 
         
     Reportable Segments   
 
         
           
           
           
           
           
         
 
         
     Outdoor     
     Fitness     
     Marine     
     Auto     
     Aviation     
     Total   
 
     53-Weeks Ended December 31, 2016   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales   
     $ 546,326     
     $ 818,486     
     $ 331,947     
     $ 882,558     
     $ 439,348     
     $ 3,018,665   
 
     Gross profit   
       340,504     
       437,205     
       183,709     
       388,747     
       329,405     
       1,679,570   
 
     Operating income   
       184,035     
       160,596     
       52,167     
       102,347     
       124,764     
       623,909   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     52-Weeks Ended December 26, 2015   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales   
     $ 411,184     
     $ 661,599     
     $ 286,778     
     $ 1,062,091     
     $ 398,618     
     $ 2,820,270   
 
     Gross profit   
       254,878     
       366,139     
       158,493     
       464,480     
       294,714     
       1,538,704   
 
     Operating income   
       139,070     
       134,574     
       28,611     
       136,069     
       111,257     
       549,581   
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     52-Weeks Ended December 27, 2014   
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
         
             
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales   
     $ 409,847     
     $ 568,440     
     $ 248,371     
     $ 1,258,085     
     $ 385,915     
     $ 2,870,658   
 
     Gross profit   
       266,659     
       358,287     
       129,710     
       569,343     
       280,413     
       1,604,412   
 
     Operating income   
       156,059     
       190,682     
       26,232     
       210,675     
       106,978     
       690,626   
 

   

 Net sales, long-lived assets (property
and equipment), and net assets by geographic area are as shown below for the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015,
and December 27, 2014. Note that APAC refers to the Asia Pacific region, and EMEA includes Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 

   

 
 
         
     Americas     
     APAC     
     EMEA     
     Total   
 
     December 31, 2016   
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales to external customers  (1)   
     $ 1,518,934     
     $ 386,549     
     $ 1,113,182     
     $ 3,018,665   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       300,158     
       144,470     
       38,250     
       482,878   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
       2,153,161     
       933,999     
       330,843     
       3,418,003   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     December 26, 2015   
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales to external customers  (1)   
     $ 1,469,243     
     $ 337,888     
     $ 1,013,139     
     $ 2,820,270   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       294,234     
       111,700     
       40,154     
       446,089   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
       2,110,108     
       921,410     
       313,608     
       3,345,126   
 
         
             
             
             
           
 
     December 27, 2014   
             
             
             
           
 
     Net sales to external customers  (1)   
     $ 1,538,322     
     $ 278,092     
     $ 1,054,244     
     $ 2,870,658   
 
     Property and equipment, net   
       269,858     
       111,464     
       49,565     
       430,887   
 
     Net assets  (2)   
       2,142,624     
       939,852     
       320,891     
       3,403,367   
 

   

 (1)  The U.S. is the only country which constitutes
greater than 10% of net sales to external customers. 

 (2)  Americas and APAC net assets are primarily held
in the United States and Taiwan, respectively. 

   

 9. Stock Compensation Plans 

   

 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation 

   

 The various Company
stock compensation plans are summarized below. For all stock compensation plans, the company’s policy is to issue treasury
shares for option/stock appreciation right (SAR) exercises, restricted stock unit (RSU) releases and employee stock purchase plan
(ESPP) purchases. 

   


 
       86   
       
     

   

 2011 Non-employee Directors’
Equity Incentive Plan 

   

 In June 2011, the
stockholders adopted an equity incentive plan for non-employee directors (the “2011 Directors Plan”) providing for
grants of stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares, pursuant to which up to 122,592 shares were available for issuance.
The term of each award cannot exceed ten years. Awards may vest over a minimum two-year period. In 2016, 2015, and 2014, 12,984,
12,008, and 7,120 RSUs were granted under this plan. 

   

 2005 Equity Incentive Plan 

   

 In June 2005, the
shareholders adopted an equity incentive plan (the “2005 Plan”) providing for grants of incentive and nonqualified
stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which up to
10,000,000 common shares were available for issuance. In 2013, the shareholders approved an additional 3,000,000 shares to the
plan, making the total shares authorized under the plan 13,000,000. Option and SAR grants vest evenly over a period of five years
or as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and generally expire ten years from the date
of grant, if not exercised. RSUs granted prior to December 10, 2012 vested or are vesting evenly over a period of five years,
while RSUs granted on and after that date vested or are vesting evenly over a period of three years. In addition to time-based
vesting requirements, the vesting of certain RSU grants is also contingent upon the Company’s achievement of certain financial
performance goals. During 2016, 2015, and 2014, 1,228,427, 1,171,905, and 425,347 RSUs were granted under the 2005 Plan. No SARs
were granted under the 2005 Plan in 2016 and 2015. During 2014, 47,095 SARs were granted under the 2005 plan. 

   

 2000 Equity Incentive Plan 

   

 In October 2000,
the shareholders adopted an equity incentive plan (the “2000 Plan”) providing for grants of incentive and nonqualified
stock options, SARs, RSUs and/or performance shares to employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, pursuant to which up to 7,000,000
common shares were available for issuance. The stock options and SARs vest evenly over a period of five years or as otherwise determined
by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and generally expire ten years from the date of grant, if not exercised.
The Company did not grant any stock awards from the 2000 Plan in 2016, 2015, or 2014. 



   

 2000 Non-employee Directors’
Option Plan 

   

 Also in October 2000,
the stockholders adopted a stock option plan for non-employee directors (the “2000 Directors Plan”) providing for
grants of options for up to 100,000 common shares. In 2009, the stockholders approved an additional 150,000 shares to the plan,
making the total shares authorized under the plan 250,000. The term of each award is ten years. All awards vest evenly over a
three-year period. Following the June 2011 approval of the 2011 Directors Plan, the Company will no longer issue options to purchase
shares under this plan. 

   

 Stock-Based Compensation Activity 

   

 A summary of the Company’s
stock-based compensation activity and related information under the 2011 Directors Plan, the 2005 Plan, the 2000 Plan and the
2000 Directors Plan for the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014 is provided below: 

   


 
       87   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Stock Options and SARs   
 
         
     Weighted-Average     
         
 
         
     Exercise Price     
     Number of Shares   
 
         
           
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
         
 
     Outstanding at December 28, 2013   
     $ 58.44     
       6,239   
 
     Granted   
     $ 52.44     
       47   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 40.60     
       (1,430 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 80.49     
       (125 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 27, 2014   
     $ 63.19     
       4,731   
 
     Granted   
             
       -   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 29.15     
       (474 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 70.58     
       (196 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 26, 2015   
     $ 66.80     
       4,061   
 
     Granted   
             
       -   
 
     Exercised   
     $ 50.77     
       (716 ) 
 
     Forfeited/Expired   
     $ 51.12     
       (608 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 31, 2016   
     $ 74.48     
       2,737   
 
     Exercisable at December 31, 2016   
     $ 74.97     
       2,684   
 
     Expected to vest after December 31, 2016   
     $ 49.69     
       53   
 

   

 

 
 
     Stock Options and SARs as of December 31, 2016 
 
     Exercise   
     Awards     
     Remaining     
     Awards   
 
     Price   
     Outstanding     
     Life (Years)     
     Exercisable   
 
         
     (In Thousands)     
           
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
           
         
 
     $18.00 - $40.00   
       49     
       4.14     
       49   
 
     $40.01 - $60.00   
       758     
       2.35     
       705   
 
     $60.01 - $80.00   
       940     
       0.43     
       940   
 
     $80.01 - $100.00   
       3     
       0.94     
       3   
 
     $100.01 - $120.00   
       985     
       0.92     
       985   
 
     $120.01 - $140.00   
       2     
       0.74     
       2   
 
         
       2,737     
       1.21     
       2,684   
 



   


 
       88   
       
     

   

 
 
         
     Restricted Stock Units   
 
         
     Weighted-Average     
         
 
         
     Grant Date Fair Value     
     Number of Shares   
 
         
           
     (In Thousands)   
 
         
           
         
 
     Outstanding at December 28, 2013   
     $ 37.36     
       1,225   
 
     Granted   
     $ 48.73     
       432   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 36.00     
       (522 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 37.02     
       (47 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 27, 2014   
     $ 42.55     
       1,088   
 
     Granted   
     $ 37.07     
       1,184   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 40.18     
       (562 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 42.02     
       (53 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 26, 2015   
     $ 39.45     
       1,657   
 
     Granted   
     $ 40.59     
       1,241   
 
     Released/Vested   
     $ 38.96     
       (565 ) 
 
     Cancelled   
     $ 44.57     
       (509 ) 
 
     Outstanding at December 31, 2016   
     $ 38.94     
       1,824   
 



   

 The weighted-average
remaining contract life for stock options and SARs outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2016 was 1.21 and 1.09 years, respectively.
The weighted-average remaining contract life of restricted stock units at December 31, 2016 was 1.47 years. 

   

 The fair value of
awards is determined at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value of RSUs is calculated using
the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant, reduced by the present value of estimated dividends
over the vesting period, which are not accrued. The fair value of stock options and SARs was calculated with the following weighted-average
assumptions for 2014. No options or SARs were granted in 2016 or 2015. 

   

 
 
         
     2014   
 
     Weighted average grant date fair value of options granted   
     $ 12.42   
 
     Expected volatility   
       0.3342   
 
     Dividend yield   
       3.57 % 
 
     Expected life of options in years   
       6.8   
 
     Risk-free interest rate   
       1.9 % 
 

   

 The Black-Scholes
option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options and SARs which have no vesting restrictions
and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including
the expected stock price volatility. 

   

 The total fair value
of awards vested during 2016, 2015, and 2014 was $22,429, $23,351, and $19,127, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values of
options and SARs outstanding and exercisable at December 31, 2016 were $942 and $884, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic values
of options and SARs exercised during 2016, 2015, and 2014 were $1,632, $3,714, and $18,885, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic
value of RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2016 was $88,449. The aggregate intrinsic values of RSUs released during 2016, 2015,
and 2014 were $27,386, $20,787, and $28,119, respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value of options and SARs represents the applicable
number of awards multiplied by the positive difference between the exercise price and the Company’s closing stock price
on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. Aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs represents the applicable number of awards
multiplied by the Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of the relevant fiscal period. The Company’s
closing stock price was $48.49 on December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, there was $55,802 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested share-based compensation awards granted to employees under the stock compensation plans. That cost is
expected to be recognized over the weighted average remaining vesting period. 

   


 
       89   
       
     

   

 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

   

 The shareholders also
adopted an ESPP. Up to 6,000,000 shares of common stock have been reserved for the ESPP with shareholders approving an additional
2,000,000 shares in June 2015. Shares will be offered to employees at a price equal to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value
of the stock on the date of purchase or 85% of the fair market value on the first day of the ESPP period. The ESPP is intended
to qualify as an “employee stock purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. During 2016, 2015,
and 2014, 541,018, 488,753, and 349,982 shares, respectively were purchased under the plan for a total purchase price of $18,157,
$16,789, and $14,634, respectively. During 2016, 2015, and 2014, the purchases were issued from treasury shares. At December 31,
2016, approximately 1,459,610 shares were available for future issuance. 



   

 10. Earnings Per Share 

   

 The following table
sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share: 

   

 

 
 
         
     Fiscal Year Ended   
 
     (In thousands, except per share information)   
     December 31,     
     December 26,     
     December 27,   
 
         
     2016     
     2015     
     2014   
 
     Numerator:   
           
           
         
 
     Numerator for basic and diluted net income per share - net income   
     $ 510,814     
     $ 456,227     
     $ 364,211   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Denominator:   
             
             
           
 
     Denominator for basic net income per share – weighted-average common shares   
       188,818     
       190,631     
       193,106   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Effect of dilutive securities – employee stock options and stock appreciation rights   
       525     
       476     
       1,059   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Denominator for diluted net income per share – adjusted weighted-average common shares   
       189,343     
       191,107     
       194,165   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Basic net income per share   
     $ 2.71     
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.89   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Diluted net income per share   
     $ 2.70     
     $ 2.39     
     $ 1.88   
 



   

 There were 3,547,738,
4,086,983, and 2,240,005 outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units (collectively “equity
awards”) excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years of 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively,
because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 



   

 11. Share Repurchase Plan 

   

 On February 13, 2015,
the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to $300,000 of its common shares
through December 31, 2016. In December 2016, the Board of Directors authorized an extension through December 31, 2017 to purchase
remaining common shares.  Under the plan, the Company repurchased 3,148,901 shares using cash of $131,413 in fiscal 2015
and 2,152,716 shares using cash of $93,233 in fiscal 2016. 



   


 
       90   
       
     

   

 On February 15, 2013,
the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to $300,000 of its common shares
through December 31, 2014. Under the plan, the Company repurchased 4,369,360 shares using cash of $241,578 in fiscal 2014.  

   

 12. Accumulated Other Comprehensive
Income 

   

 The following provides
required disclosure of changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) balances by component for the year ended December
31, 2016: 

   

 
 
         
     Foreign Currency  Translation  Adjustment     
     Gross unrealized   losses on available-   for-sale securities-   OTTI  (1)     
     Net unrealized   gains(losses) on   available-for-sale   securities-Other (2)     
     Total   
 
     Balance - beginning of period   
     $ (14,107 )   
     $ (5,277 )   
     $ (11,044 )   
     $         (30,428 ) 
 
     Other comprehensive income before reclassification   
       4,696     
       5,277     
       (15,188 )   
       (5,215 ) 
 
     Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income   
       -     
       -     
       (1,118 )   
       (1,118 ) 
 
     Net current-period other comprehensive income   
       4,696     
       5,277     
       (16,306 )   
       (6,333 ) 
 
     Balance - end of period   
     $ (9,411 )   
     $ -     
     $ (27,350 )   
     $ (36,761 ) 
 

   

 (1) Represents the change in impairment,
not related to credit, for those investment securities that have been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

 (2) Represents the change in unrealized
gains (losses) on investment securities that have not been determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

   

 The following provides
required disclosure of reporting reclassifications out of AOCI for the year ended December 31, 2016: 

   

 
 
     Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive  Income Components   
     Amount Reclassified from  Accumulated Other  Comprehensive Income     
     Affected Line Item in the Statement  Where Net Income is Presented 
 
         
           
       
 
     Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities   
     $ 822     
     Other income (expense) 
 
         
       296     
     Income tax provision 
 
         
     $ 1,118     
     Net of tax 
 

   


 
       91   
       
     

   

 13. Selected Quarterly Information
(Unaudited) 

   

 
 
         
     53-Weeks Ended December 31, 2016   
 
         
     Quarter Ending   
 
         
     March 26     
     June 25     
     September 24     
     December 31   
 
         
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 624,040     
     $ 811,609     
     $ 722,250     
     $ 860,767   
 
     Gross profit   
       339,850     
       462,958     
       405,980     
       470,782   
 
     Net income   
       88,092     
       161,064     
       125,054     
       136,605   
 
     Basic net income per share   
     $ 0.46     
     $ 0.85     
     $ 0.66     
     $ 0.73   
 

   

 
 
         
     52-Weeks Ended December 26, 2015   
 
         
     Quarter Ending   
 
         
     March 28     
     June 27     
     September 26     
     December 26   
 
         
           
           
           
         
 
     Net sales   
     $ 585,394     
     $ 773,830     
     $ 679,690     
     $ 781,358   
 
     Gross profit   
       344,122     
       419,250     
       362,190     
       413,143   
 
     Net income   
       66,793     
       137,753     
       119,299     
       132,383   
 
     Basic net income per share   
     $ 0.35     
     $ 0.72     
     $ 0.63     
     $ 0.70   
 

   

 The above quarterly
financial data is unaudited, but in the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the selected
data for these interim periods presented have been included. These results are not necessarily indicative of future quarterly
results (the table may not foot due to rounding). 

   

 14. Subsequent Events 

   

 As a result of Switzerland corporate tax reform
failing to pass on February 12, 2017, coupled with potential tax risk from evolving global tax initiatives, the Company has elected
on February 20, 2017 to adjust certain Switzerland tax positions. The Company expects this election to result in an estimated 300
basis points increase to the fiscal year 2017 effective tax rate compared to fiscal year 2016. In addition, the Company expects
to revalue certain Switzerland deferred tax assets as a result of this election, for which the Company anticipates recording approximately
$150 million of income tax benefit in the first quarter of 2017. 



   


 
       92   
       
     

   

 Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

   

 None. 

   

 Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures 

   

 (a) Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

   

 Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b)
as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

   

 (b) Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 Management of the
Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. The
Company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

   

 Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 Management’s
assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting are included as Exhibits 31.1,
31.2, 32.1 and 32.2. 

   

 Management of the
Company assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In
making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in “Internal Control-Integrated Framework” (2013 framework). 

   

 Based on such assessment
and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2016. 

   

 Ernst & Young
LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company’s consolidated financial statements, issued
an attestation report on management’s effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2016, as stated in their report which is included herein. That attestation report appears below. 

   

 

 
       93   
       
     

   

 (c)   Attestation Report of the Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 

 The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

   

 We have audited Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries’ internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Garmin Ltd.
and Subsidiaries’ management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for
its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion. 

   

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 In our opinion, Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on the COSO criteria. 

   

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries as of December
31, 2016 and December 26, 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries and our report
dated February 22, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 

   

 /s/ Ernst & Young LLP 

 Kansas City, Missouri 

 February 22, 2017 



 

   


 
       94   
       
     

   

 (d) Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

   

 There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or
are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

   

 Item 9B.  Other
Information 

   

 Not applicable. 

   


 
       95   
       
     

   

 PART III 

   

 Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

   

 Garmin has incorporated
by reference certain information in response or partial response to the Items under this Part III of this Annual Report on Form
10-K pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of this Form 10-K and Rule 12b-23 under the Exchange Act. Garmin’s definitive
proxy statement in connection with its annual meeting of shareholders scheduled for June 9, 2017 (the “Proxy Statement”)
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after December 31, 2016. 

   

 (a)	Directors of the Company 

   

 The information
set forth in response to Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the headings “Proposal 5 – Re-election of Directors”
in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 
 (b) Executive Officers of the Company 

   

 The information
set forth in response to Item 401 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part
I of this Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 
 (c) Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

   

 The information
set forth in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance”
in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 
 (d)  Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Board Meetings and Standing Committee Meetings—
Audit Committee” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 10. 

   

 The Audit Committee consists of Joseph
J. Hartnett, Charles W. Peffer and Rebecca R. Tilden. Mr. Peffer serves as the Chairman of the Audit Committee. All members of
the Audit Committee are “independent” within the meaning of the rules of the SEC and the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules.
Garmin’s Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Hartnett and Mr. Peffer are “audit committee financial experts”
as defined by the SEC regulations implementing Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

   

 
 (e) Code of Ethics 

   

 Garmin’s Board of Directors has
adopted the Code of Conduct of Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries (the “Code”). The Code is applicable to all Garmin employees
including the President and Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Controller and other officers. A copy of
the Code is available on Garmin’s website at:	 http://www8.garmin.com/aboutGarmin/invRelations/documents/Code_of_Conduct.pdf.
If any amendments to the Code are made, or any waivers with respect to the Code are granted to the President and Chief Executive
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer or Controller, or any person performing a similar function, such amendment or waiver will
be disclosed on Garmin’s website at: http://www8.garmin.com/aboutGarmin/invRelations/documents/Code_of_Conduct.pdf. 

   


 
       96   
       
     

   

 Item 11.  Executive Compensation 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the headings “Executive Compensation Matters” and “Proposal
5-Re-election of Directors- Non-Management Director Compensation” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by
reference in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 407(e)(4) of Regulation S-K under the heading “Proposal 5-Re-election of Directors — Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation; Certain Relationships” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein
by reference in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K under the heading “Executive Compensation Matters –Compensation
Committee Report” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 11. 

   

 Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 403 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management”
in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 12. 

   

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

   

 The following table
gives information as of December 31, 2016 about the Garmin common shares that may be issued under all of the Company’s existing
equity compensation plans, as adjusted for stock splits. 

   

 

 
 
         
     A     
     B     
     C   
 
         
           
           
     Number of securities   
 
         
           
           
     remaining available for   
 
         
           
           
     future issuance under   
 
         
     Number of securities to be     
     Weighted-average     
     equity compensation   
 
         
     issued upon exercise of     
     exercise price of     
     plans (excluding   
 
         
     outstanding options,     
     outstanding options,     
     securities reflected in   
 
     Plan Category   
     warrants and rights     
     warrants and rights     
     column A)   
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders   
       4,560,911     
     $ 74.48     
       6,254,383   
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders   
       —     
       —     
       —   
 
         
             
             
           
 
     Total   
       4,560,911     
     $ 74.48     
       6,254,383   
 



   


 
       97   
       
     

   

 Table consists of
the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated Effective June 5, 2010), the Garmin Ltd. 2000 Equity Incentive
Plan, the Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’ Option Plan, effective June 5, 2010, the Garmin
Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective January 1, 2010 and the Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors
Equity Incentive Plan, effective June 3, 2011. The weighted-average exercise price does not reflect the shares that will be issued
upon the payment of outstanding awards of RSUs. 

   

 The Company has no
knowledge of any arrangement, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

   

 Item 13.  Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

   

 The information set
forth in response to Item 404 of Regulation S-K under the heading “Proposal 5-Re-election of Directors — Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation; Certain Relationships” in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
reference in partial response to this Item 13. 

   

 

 The information set forth
in response to Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K under the headings “Proposal 5 – Re-election of Directors” in the
Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated herein by reference in partial response to this Item 13. 



   

 Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees
and Services 

   

 The information set
forth under the headings “Audit Matters — Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees” and “Pre-Approval
of Services Provided by the Independent Auditor” in the Proxy Statement is hereby incorporated by reference in response
to this Item 14. 

   


 
       98   
       
     

   

 PART IV 

   

 Item 15.    Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules 

   

 
 (a) List of Documents filed as part of this Report 

   

 
 (1) Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 The consolidated financial statements and related
notes, together with the reports of Ernst & Young LLP, appear in Part II, Item 8 “Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data” of this Form 10-K. 

   

 
 (2) Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

   

 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable,
                                         are insignificant or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial
                                         statements or notes thereto. 

   

 
 (3) Exhibits — The following exhibits are filed as
part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 

   

 
 
     EXHIBIT 
       
       
 
     NUMBER 
       
     DESCRIPTION 
 
       
       
       
 
     3.1 
       
     Articles of Association of Garmin
Ltd., as amended and restated on June 10, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 


 
 
       
       
     
 
     3.2 
       
     Organizational Regulations of Garmin Ltd., as amended on
    February     14, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on
    February 19,     2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.1 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed December 6, 2000 (Commission File No. 333-45514)). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.2 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
Ltd. 2000 Equity Incentive Plan for Employees of Garmin International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the
Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.3 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for Employees of Garmin Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.4 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for UK-Approved Stock Options for Employees of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.5 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2000
    Equity Incentive Plan for Non UK-Approved Stock Options for Employees of Garmin (Europe) Ltd. (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
   


 
       99   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.6 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
    December 6, 2000 (Commission File No. 333-45514)). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.7 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. Non-Employee
    Directors’ Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors of Garmin Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 7, 2004). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.8 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 9, 2006). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.9 
       
     First Amendment to Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 27, 2002). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.10 
       
     Second Amendment to Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase
Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2003). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.11 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.12 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005
    Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed
    on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.13 
       
     Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form
    10-Q filed on May 8, 2007). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.14 
       
     Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd.2000 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form
    8-K filed on June 7, 2005). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.15 
       
     Amended and Restated Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    effective January 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
    filed on February 26, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.16 
       
     Form of Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under
    the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed on December 17, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.17 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement under the Garmin Ltd.
    2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K
    filed on December 17, 2008). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.18 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2009 Cash Incentive Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2009 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.19 
       
     Amended and Restated Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
    effective January 1, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
    filed on February 24, 2010). 
 
   


 
       100   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.20 
       
     Form of Time Vested Restricted Stock Unit
    Award Agreement under the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as revised by the Registrant’s Board of Directors
    on December 11, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed
    on February 24, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.21 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement under the Garmin Ltd.
    2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as revised by the Registrant’s Board of Directors on December 11, 2009 (incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 24, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.22 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended and Restated
    Effective June 5, 2009) (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A
    filed on April 21, 2009). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.23 
       
      Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan, Effective June 5, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Schedule 2 of the Registrant’s Proxy Statement on
    Schedule 14A filed on April 21, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.24 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.25 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’
    Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
    28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.26 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan
    (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.27 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Amended and Restated 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.28 
       
     Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. Amended
    and Restated 2000 Non-Employee Directors’ Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.29 
       
     Form of Performance Shares Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin
    Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form
    8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.30 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Swiss residents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.31 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for non-Swiss residents (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
   


 
       101   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.32 
       
     Transaction Agreement between Garmin Ltd.,
    a Cayman Islands company, and the Registrant, dated as of May 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2010). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.33 
       
     Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on June 27, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
    of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.34 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive
    Plan (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form 14A filed on April
    21, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.35 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2011). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.36 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Swiss grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.37 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Canadian grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.38 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for non-Swiss and non-Canadian grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3
    of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.39 
       
     Memorandum of Agreement dated March 14, 2013 between Garmin International,
    Inc. and Bombardier, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
    filed on May 8, 2013). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.40 
       
     Amendment dated December 6, 2013 to Memorandum of Agreement between
    Garmin International, Inc. and Bombardier, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of the Registrant’s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K filed on February 19, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.41 
       
     Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (as Amended
and Restated Effective June 7, 2013) (incorporated by reference to Schedule 1 of the Registrant's Proxy Statement on Schedule
14A filed on April 22, 2013). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.42 
       
     Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement dated August 4,
    2014 between Garmin Ltd. and each of Douglas G. Boessen, Dr. Donald H. Eller, Andrew R. Etkind, Joseph J. Hartnett, Charles
    W. Peffer, Dr. Min H. Kao, Clifton A. Pemble and Thomas P. Poberezny (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.43 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based and time-based vesting restricted stock unit awards
    to grantees who are executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2015). 
 
   


 
       102   
       
     

   

 
 
     10.44 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award
Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based and time-based vesting restricted
stock unit awards to grantees who are not executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2015). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.45 
       
     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the
    Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2014). 
 
       
       
       
 
     10.47 
       
     Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated
    on June 5, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
    8, 2015). 
 

   

 
 10.48 Garmin Ltd. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated on October 21, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
10.1 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.49 Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on October 21, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.50 Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated on October 21, 2016 (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.51 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2011 Non-Employee Directors’ Equity Incentive
Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.52 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Swiss grantees (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.53 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for Canadian grantees
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.54 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for non-Swiss and non-Canadian
grantees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26,
2016). 

   

 
 10.55 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based
and time-based vesting restricted stock unit awards to Swiss grantees who are executive officers (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.8 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.56 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant
to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based and time-based vesting restricted stock unit awards
to Swiss grantees who are not executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on
October 26, 2016). 
 



   


 
       103   
       
     

   

 

 
 10.57 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based
and time-based vesting restricted stock unit awards to Canadian grantees who are not executive officers (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 10.10 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.58 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based
and time-based vesting restricted stock unit awards to non-Swiss and non-Canadian grantees who are executive officers (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 

   

 
 10.59 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement pursuant to the Garmin Ltd. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan, for awards of performance-based
and time-based vesting restricted stock unit awards to non-Swiss and non-Canadian grantee grantees who are not executive officers
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2016). 



   

 
 
     21.1 
       
     List of subsidiaries 
 
       
       
       
 
     23.1 
       
     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP 
 
       
       
       
 
     24.1 
       
     Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
   

 
 
     Exhibit 101.INS 
     XBRL Instance Document 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.SCH 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.CAL 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.LAB 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.PRE 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.DEF 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
   


 
       104   
       
     

   

 
 (b) Exhibits . 

   

 The exhibits listed
on the accompanying Exhibit Index in Item 15(a)(3) are filed as part of, or are incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

   

 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules . 

   

 Reference is made
to Item 15(a)(2) above. 

   

 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

   

 None. 



   


 
       105   
       
     

   

 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING
ACCOUNTS 

 Garmin Ltd. and Subsidiaries 

 ( In thousands ) 

   

 
 
         
           
     Additions     
           
         
 
         
     Balance at     
     Charged to     
     Charged to     
           
     Balance at   
 
         
     Beginning of     
     Costs and     
     Other     
           
     End of   
 
     Description   
     Period     
     Expenses     
     Accounts     
     Deductions     
     Period   
 
     Year Ended December 31, 2016:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 13,805     
     $ 4,137     
       -     
     $ (3,273 )   
     $ 14,669   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       46,071     
       26,458     
       -     
       (32,077 )   
       40,452   
 
     Valuation allowance - Deferred Tax Asset   
       2,781     
       1,966     
       -     
       (125 )   
       4,622   
 
     Total   
     $ 62,657     
     $ 32,561     
       -     
     $ (35,475 )   
     $ 59,743   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Year Ended December 26, 2015:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 18,330     
     $ (2,521 )   
       -     
     $ (2,004 )   
     $ 13,805   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       37,135     
       23,257     
       -     
       (14,321 )   
       46,071   
 
     Valuation allowance - Deferred Tax Asset   
       11,358     
       422     
       -     
       (8,999 )   
       2,781   
 
     Total   
     $ 66,823     
     $ 21,158     
       -     
     $ (25,324 )   
     $ 62,657   
 
         
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Year Ended December 27, 2014:   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Deducted from asset accounts   
             
             
             
             
           
 
     Allowance for doubtful accounts   
     $ 20,367     
     $ 66     
       -     
     $ (2,103 )   
     $ 18,330   
 
     Inventory reserve   
       28,381     
       25,903     
       -     
       (17,149 )   
       37,135   
 
     Valuation allowance - Deferred Tax Asset   
       63,361     
       2,930     
       -     
       (54,933 )   
       11,358   
 
     Total   
     $ 112,109     
     $ 28,899     
       -     
     $ (74,185 )   
     $ 66,823   
 

   


 
       106   
       
     

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 
 
       
     GARMIN LTD. 
 
   

 
 
       
     By 
     /s/ Clifton
    A. Pemble 
 
       
       
     Clifton A. Pemble 
 
       
       
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   

 Dated: February 22, 2017 

   

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

   

 Know all
persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Clifton A. Pemble and Douglas
G. Boessen and Andrew R. Etkind, and each of them, as his attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him in any and
all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other
documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said
attorney-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

   

 Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 22, 2017. 

   

 
 
     /s/
    Clifton A. Pemble 
       
 
     Clifton A Pemble 
       
 
     Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
     (Principal Executive Officer) 
       
 
       
       
 
     /s/
    Douglas     G. Boessen 
       
 
     Douglas G. Boessen 
       
 
     Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
       
 
     (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 


   

 
 
     /s/ Min H. Kao 
       
     /s/ Joseph J. Hartnett 
 
     Min H. Kao 
       
     Joseph J. Hartnett 
 
     Executive Chairman 
       
     Director 
 
       
       
       
 
     /s/ Donald H. Eller 
       
     /s/ Rebecca R. Tilden 
 
     Donald H. Eller 
       
     Rebecca R. Tilden 


 
 
     Director 
       
     Director 
 
       
       
       
 
     / s /  Charles W. Peffer 
       
       
 
     Charles W. Peffer 
       
       
 
     Director 
       
       
 
   


 
       107   
       
     

   

 Garmin Ltd. 

 2016 Form 10-K Annual Report 

 Exhibit Index 

   

 The following exhibits are attached hereto.
See Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of exhibits. 

   

 
 
     Exhibit 
       
       
 
     Number 
       
     Document 
 
       
       
       
 
     21.1 
       
     List of subsidiaries 
 
       
       
       
 
     23.1 
       
     Consent of Ernst & Young LLP 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     31.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
              
 
     32.1 
       
     Chief Executive Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
       
       
       
 
     32.2 
       
     Chief Financial Officer’s Certification pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
   

 
 
     Exhibit 101.INS 
     XBRL Instance Document 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.SCH 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.CAL 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.LAB 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.PRE 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
       
       
 
     Exhibit 101.DEF 
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
   


 
       108   
     

 


 
 
 
 
