
 10-K
 1
 d937085d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549      
     FORM 10-K  
       
 (Mark One)  
 
 
 x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended June 28, 2015  
  OR      
 
 
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    For the
transition period from              to             .  
 Commission file number: 0-12933      
     LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION
   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
       
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Delaware 
   
 94-2634797 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
   4650 Cushing Parkway 
 Fremont, California 
   
 94538 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (510) 572-0200  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of class 
   
   Name of exchange on which registered 


 
 Common Stock, Par Value $0.001 Per Share 
   
   The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
 (NASDAQ Global Select Market) 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  
 None    (Title of class)  
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes   x      No   ¨   
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act.    Yes   ¨      No   x     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.    Yes   x     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site,
if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes   x     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
10-K.     x     Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 x 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
   
 ¨   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ¨ 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes   ¨     No   x     The aggregate market value of the Registrant’s Common Stock, $0.001 par value, held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant, as of December 28, 2014, the last business day of the most recently completed second fiscal quarter with respect to the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K, was $8,838,403,605. Common Stock held by each officer and director and by
each person who owns 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock has been excluded from this computation in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination of such
status for other purposes.    As of August 5, 2015, the Registrant had 158,186,976 outstanding shares of Common Stock.  
       
 Documents Incorporated by Reference    Parts of the
Registrant’s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on or about November 4, 2015 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. (However, the Reports of the Audit Committee and
Compensation Committee are expressly not incorporated by reference herein.)      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K  
 TABLE OF CONTENTS      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 Part I.  
      
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 1. 
      
 Business 
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Item 1A. 
      
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 13 
    
 
   Item 1B. 
      
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Item 2. 
      
 Properties 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Item 3. 
      
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 25 
    
 
   Item 4. 
      
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 25 
    
 
 Part II.  
      
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
      
 Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 26 
    
 
   Item 6. 
      
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 29 
    
 
   Item 7. 
      
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 31 
    
 
   Item 7A. 
      
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
   
 44 
    
 
   Item 8. 
      
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 48 
    
 
   Item 9. 
      
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 91 
    
 
   Item 9A. 
      
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 91 
    
 
   Item 9B. 
      
 Other Information 
    
   
 91 
    
 
 Part III.  
      
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
      
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 92 
    
 
   Item 11. 
      
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 92 
    
 
   Item 12. 
      
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 92 
    
 
   Item 13. 
      
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 92 
    
 
   Item 14. 
      
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
    
   
 92 
    
 
 Part IV.  
      
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
      
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    
   
 93 
    
 
   Signatures 
    
   
 94 
    
 
   Exhibit Index 
    
   
 97 
    
 
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I  
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 With the exception of historical facts, the statements contained in this discussion are forward-looking statements, which are subject to the safe harbor provisions
created by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain, but not all, of the forward-looking statements in this report are specifically identified as forward-looking, by use of phrases and words such as “believe,”
“anticipate,” “expect,” “may,” “should,” “could” and other future-oriented terms. The identification of certain statements as “forward-looking” is not intended to mean that other statements
not specifically identified are not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that relate to: trends and opportunities in the global economic environment and the semiconductor industry; the anticipated
levels of, and rates of change in, future shipments, margins, market share, capital expenditures, international sales, revenue and operating expenses generally; management’s plans and objectives for our current and future operations and
business focus; volatility in our quarterly results; customer requirements and our ability to satisfy those requirements; customer capital spending and their demand for our products, and the reliability of indicators of change in customer spending
and demand; hedging transactions; our ability to defend our market share and to gain new market share; our ability to obtain and qualify alternative sources of supply; factors that affect our tax rates; anticipated growth in the industry and the
total market for wafer fabrication equipment and our growth relative to such growth; levels of research and development expenditures and joint development relationships with customers, suppliers or other industry members; outsourced activities; the
role of component suppliers in our business; the resources invested to comply with all evolving standards and the impact of such efforts; the estimates we make, and the accruals we record, in order to implement our critical accounting policies
(including but not limited to the adequacy of prior tax payments, future tax liabilities and the adequacy of our accruals relating to them); our access to capital markets; our intention to pay quarterly dividends and the amounts thereof, if
any  ;  our intention to repurchase our shares; our ability to manage and grow our cash position; and the sufficiency of our financial resources to support future business activities (including but not limited to operations,
investments, debt service requirements and capital expenditures). Such statements are based on current expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and changes in condition, significance, value, and effect, including without limitation
those discussed below under the heading “Risk Factors” within Item 1A and elsewhere in this report and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), such as our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended September 28, 2014, December 28, 2014 and March 29, 2015, and our current reports on Form 8-K. Such risks, uncertainties and changes in condition, significance, value, and effect could
cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in this report and in ways not readily foreseeable. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof and
are based on information currently and reasonably known to us. We do not undertake any obligation to release the results of any revisions to these forward-looking statements, which may be made to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the
date of this report or to reflect the occurrence or effect of anticipated or unanticipated events.      
 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business      Incorporated in 1980, Lam Research Corporation
(“Lam Research,” “Lam,” “we,” “our,” or the “Company”) is a Delaware corporation, headquartered in Fremont, California. We maintain a network of facilities throughout Asia, Europe, and the United
States of America in order to meet the needs of our dynamic customer base.    Additional information about Lam Research is available on our website at
www.lamresearch.com.    Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q, Current Reports on Forms 8-K, and any amendments to those reports are
available on our website as soon as reasonably practical after we file them with or furnish them to the SEC and are also available online at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Lam Research logo, Lam Research, and all product and service names used in this report are either registered trademarks
or trademarks of Lam Research Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other marks mentioned herein are the property of their respective holders.  
 We are a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry. We design, manufacture, market, refurbish, and service
semiconductor processing systems that are used in the fabrication of integrated circuits (“ICs”). Our market-leading products are designed to help our customers build smaller, faster, more powerful, and more power-efficient devices that
are used in a variety of electronic products, including cell phones, tablets, computers, storage devices, and networking equipment.    Our customer base includes
leading semiconductor memory, foundry, and integrated device manufacturers (“IDMs”) that make products such as DRAM, NAND memory, and logic devices. Semiconductor manufacturing, our customers’ business, involves the complete
fabrication of multiple die or ICs on a wafer. This involves the repetition of a set of core processes and can require hundreds of individual steps. On a silicon wafer, a tiny, intricate pattern is precisely replicated across the wafer surface to
create identical miniature devices, where features can be 1,000 times smaller than a grain of sand. Fabricating these devices requires highly sophisticated process technologies and precision control at the atomic scale. Along with meeting technical
requirements, wafer processing equipment must deliver high productivity and be cost-effective.    We leverage our expertise in semiconductor device processing to
develop enabling technology and productivity solutions that typically benefit our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and/or reduced cost. We offer a broad portfolio of complementary products that are used
in several areas of the semiconductor manufacturing process flow, including thin film deposition, plasma etch, and single-wafer clean. These processes, which are repeated numerous times during the wafer fabrication cycle, are utilized to manufacture
every type of semiconductor device.    Our products are used primarily in front-end wafer processing, which involves the steps that create the active components of a
device (transistor, capacitor) and their wiring (interconnect). Market demand for ever-smaller IC designs is driving the development of and migration to fabrication strategies such as three-dimensional (“3D”) architectures and multiple
patterning. We also address processes for back-end wafer-level packaging (“WLP”), which is an alternative to traditional wire bonding and can offer a smaller form factor, increased interconnect speed and bandwidth, and lower power
consumption, among other benefits. In addition, our products are well-suited for related markets that rely on semiconductor processes and require production-proven manufacturing capability, such as micro-electromechanical systems (“MEMS”).
   Our high-productivity thin film deposition systems form a device’s sub-microscopic layers of conducting (metal) or insulating (dielectric) materials. We are
the market leader in plasma etch, a highly critical process step that selectively removes materials from the wafer to create the features and patterns of a device. Our wet spin clean and plasma-based bevel clean products remove particles, residues
and film from the wafer surface before or after adjacent processes.    Our Customer Support Business Group (“CSBG”) provides products and services to
maximize installed equipment performance and operational efficiency. We offer a broad range of services to deliver value throughout the lifecycle of our equipment, including customer service, spares, upgrades, and refurbishment of our deposition,
etch, and clean products. Many of the technical advances that we introduce in our newest products are also available as upgrades, which provide customers with a cost-effective strategy for extending the performance and capabilities of their existing
wafer fabrication lines. CSBG also offers refurbished and newly built previous-generation (legacy) equipment for those applications that do not require the most advanced wafer processing capability.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Products  
 Thin Film Deposition    In leading-edge
semiconductor designs, metal deposition processes face significant scaling and integration challenges. For advanced copper interconnect structures, challenges for electrochemical deposition (“ECD”) include providing complete, void-free
fill of high aspect ratio (“HAR”) structures with low defectivity and high productivity. Electroplating of copper and other metals is also used for through-silicon via (“TSV”) and WLP applications, such as forming conductive
bumps and redistribution layers (“RDLs”). These applications require excellent within-wafer uniformity at high plating rates, minimal defects, and cost competitiveness. For tungsten chemical vapor deposition (“CVD”)/atomic layer
deposition (“ALD”) processes, key requirements are minimizing contact resistance to meet lower power consumption requirements and achieving void-free fill for narrow nanoscale structures. In addition, good barrier step coverage at reduced
thicknesses relative to physical vapor deposition/CVD barrier films is also needed to improve contact fill and reduce resistivity.    In dielectric deposition,
high-productivity, high-quality films are needed for a number of critical process steps. For example, atomic layer deposition (“ALD”) is required for front-end-of-line (“FEOL”) transistor structures and back-end-of-line
(“BEOL”) self-aligned multiple patterning schemes to deposit highly conformal and uniform films. Plasma-enhanced CVD (“PECVD”) is used to deposit multiple dielectric films, including the alternating mold stack layers used in 3D
NAND memory. This application requires excellent thickness uniformity along with exceptional stress control. For gapfill deposition, achieving defect-free fills while maintaining high throughput is essential. Preferred approaches are to use
high-density plasma CVD (“HDP-CVD”) either as a complete gapfill solution or as a cap over other gapfill technologies to enhance process control and mitigate integration risks. Lastly, innovative post-deposition film treatments such as
ultraviolet thermal processing (“UVTP”) are being used to improve low-k film integrity and increase strain in nitride layers for improved device performance.  
 Copper Metal Films — SABRE ®  Product Family  
 The SABRE ECD product family is the industry’s productivity-leading platform for copper damascene manufacturing. Electrofill ®  technology provides high-throughput, void-free fill with superior defect density performance for advanced technology nodes. SABRE chemistry packages provide leading-edge fill performance for the
lowest defectivity, widest process window, and highest rates of bottom-up growth to fill the most challenging HAR features. System capabilities include deposition of copper directly on various liner materials, important for next-generation
metallization schemes. The number of yielding ICs per wafer is optimized by increasing the usable die area through industry-leading process edge exclusion engineering. Applications include copper deposition for both advanced logic and memory
interconnect. We also offer the SABRE 3D system to address TSV and WLP applications, such as copper pillar, RDL, high-density fanout, underbump metallization, bumping, and microbumps used in post-TSV processing.  
 Tungsten Metal Films — ALTUS ®  Product Family  
 Our market-leading ALTUS systems deposit highly conformal atomic layer films for advanced tungsten metallization applications. The patented Multi-Station Sequential
Deposition (“MSSD”) architecture enables a nucleation layer to be formed using Pulsed Nucleation Layer (“PNL”) technology and bulk CVD fill to be performed in the same chamber (“in situ”). PNL, our ALD technology, is
used in the deposition of tungsten nitride films to achieve high step coverage with reduced thickness relative to conventional barrier films. PNL is also used to reduce thickness and alter CVD bulk fill grain growth, lowering the overall resistivity
of thin tungsten films. The advanced ExtremeFill CVD tungsten technology provides extendibility to fill the most challenging structures at advanced technology nodes. Applications include tungsten plug and via fill, 3D NAND wordlines, low-stress
composite interconnects, and tungsten nitride barrier for via and contact metallization.    PECVD Dielectric Films — VECTOR ®  Product Family    The VECTOR family of PECVD and ALD systems delivers superior thin film quality,
wafer-to-wafer uniformity, productivity, and low cost of ownership. The MSSD architecture enables industry-leading performance with both sequential and parallel processing to provide flexibility for a range of applications. VECTOR products include
 
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
specialized systems for logic and memory applications with multiple platform options. VECTOR Express offers a small footprint with four processing stations. VECTOR Excel is a modular tool for
advanced technology nodes where pre-and-post film deposition treatments are needed. VECTOR Extreme accommodates up to 12 processing stations for high-throughput applications. VECTOR Q accommodates up to 16 processing stations for depositing
multi-stack films. Applications include deposition of oxides, nitrides, and carbides for hardmasks; multiple patterning films; anti-reflective layers; multi-layer stack films; and diffusion barriers.  
 Gapfill Dielectric Films — SPEED ®  Product Family  
 The SPEED HDP-CVD products provide void-free gapfill of high-quality dielectric films with superior throughput and reliability. The unique source design provides
excellent particle performance, while the ability to customize the deposition and in situ etching profile ensures best-of-breed across-wafer thickness and gapfill uniformity. Together, the chamber and plasma source designs allow large batch sizes
between cleans and faster cleans to deliver superior throughput. Broad process flexibility is available on the same platform, without requiring major hardware changes. Applications include shallow trench isolation (“STI”), pre-metal
dielectrics, inter-layer dielectrics, inter-metal dielectrics, and passivation layers.    Film Treatment —
SOLA ®  Product Family    The SOLA UVTP product family is used for treatment of BEOL low-k dielectric films
and FEOL silicon nitride strained films. The systems incorporate a proprietary treatment process that modifies the physical characteristics of a previously deposited film through exposure to ultraviolet light, gases and vapors, and heat. The
Multi-Station Sequential Processing (“MSSP”) architecture allows independent control of temperature, wavelength, and intensity at each station of the wafer path. This enables delivery of best-in-class film properties, within-wafer and
wafer-to-wafer uniformity, and productivity.    Plasma Etch  
 As the semiconductor industry continues to improve device performance and shrink critical feature sizes, plasma etch faces multiple challenges. These include processing
smaller features, new materials, new transistor structures, increasingly complex film stacks, and ever higher aspect ratio structures. For conductor etch, requirements include delivering atomic-scale control for etching FinFET/3D gate transistors,
multi–film stacks for high-k/metal gate structures, and multiple patterning structures. Dielectric etch processes must be able to maintain etch profiles on increasingly HAR structures such as in 3D NAND devices, etch new multi-layer photoresist
materials and amorphous carbon hardmasks, and avoid damaging fragile low-k materials. In emerging 3D ICs, TSVs are now used to provide interconnect capability for die-to-die and wafer-to-wafer stacking. Critical factors for TSV are etching a variety
of materials in situ, as well as being able to use both conventional and special techniques for deep silicon etching. For all etch processes, it is important to provide excellent profile control and across-wafer uniformity while maintaining high
productivity and cost efficiency.    Conductor Etch — Kiyo ®  Product Family, Versys ®  Metal Product Family    The Kiyo product family delivers high-performance, high-productivity, low-risk
solutions for conductor etch applications. Superior uniformity, uniformity control, and repeatability are enabled by a symmetrical chamber design, leading electrostatic chuck technology, and independent tuning features. The Kiyo products deliver
high productivity with low defectivity on multi-film stacks, enabled by in situ etch capability, continuous plasma, and advanced Waferless Autoclean technology. In addition, Kiyo systems can be configured to perform atomic layer etching
(“ALE”), which delivers atomic-scale variability control to enable next-generation wafer processing. Applications include FinFET gate, fin definition, STI, high-k/metal gate and multiple patterning. The Versys metal product family provides
a flexible platform for BEOL metal etch processes. Symmetrical chamber design and independent tuning features provide critical dimension, profile uniformity, and uniformity control for metal hardmask applications. The products’ proprietary
chamber cleaning technology ensures high availability, high  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
yield, and exceptional process repeatability for BEOL processing. Applications include metal hardmask, multiple patterning, high-density aluminum line, and aluminum pad.  
 Dielectric Etch — Flex™ Product Family    The Flex product family
offers differentiated technologies and application-focused capabilities for critical dielectric etch applications. Exceptional uniformity, repeatability, and tunability are enabled by a unique multi-frequency, small-volume, confined plasma design.
The systems deliver high productivity with low defectivity, enabled by in situ multi-step etch and continuous plasma capability. Low-risk, cost-effective upgrades provide evolutionary product transitions that extend product life and maximize return
on investment. Applications include low-k and ultra low-k dual damascene, self-aligned contacts, capacitor cell, mask open, 3D NAND HAR hole, trench, and contact.  
 TSV Etch — Syndion ®  Product Family  
 Based on our production-proven conductor etch products, the Syndion TSV etch family provides low-risk, flexible solutions to address multiple TSV etch applications. The
Syndion products provide a low cost of ownership due to high etch rates, excellent repeatability, and in situ etching of multiple materials in the TSV stack (silicon, dielectrics, conducting films). The systems support both conventional single-step
etch and rapidly alternating process (“RAP”). High process flexibility, superior profile control, and excellent uniformity enable successful TSV implementation for a variety of complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor 3D IC and image sensor
applications.    Single-Wafer Clean  
 Wafer cleaning is a critical function that must be repeated many times during the semiconductor manufacturing process, from device fabrication through packaging. As
device geometries shrink and new materials are introduced, the number of cleaning steps continues to grow. Furthermore, each step has different selectivity and defectivity requirements that add to manufacturing complexity. For next-generation
devices, fragile structures need to be cleaned without causing damage. In addition, cleaning steps that target the bevel region can help eliminate the potential source of yield-limiting defects at the wafer’s edge, as well as, increase the
number of good die at the wafer’s edge to improve yield.    Wet Clean — EOS ® , Da Vinci ® , DV-Prime ® , SP Series    The single-wafer spin
technology pioneered the industry transition from batch to single-wafer wet processing. These production-proven spin wet clean systems provide the productivity and flexibility needed for both high-volume manufacturing and leading-edge development
across multiple technology nodes and for all device types. The products deliver excellent process uniformity across the wafer, wafer-to-wafer, and lot-to-lot. Proprietary technologies enhance damage-free particle removal and enable wafer drying
without pattern collapse or watermarks. Offering the latest in dilute chemistry and solvent systems, the products meet defectivity and material integrity requirements. Applications include particle, polymer, and residue removal; photoresist removal;
and wafer backside/bevel cleaning and film removal. Our wet clean systems are also used for multiple wet etch and clean applications for WLP, including silicon substrate thinning, wafer stress relief, underbump metallization etch, and photoresist
removal.    Plasma Bevel Clean — Coronus ®  Product Family  
 The Coronus plasma-based bevel clean products enhance die yield by removing particles, residues and unwanted films from the wafer’s edge that can impact the device
area. The system combines the ability of plasma to selectively remove a wide variety of materials with a proprietary confinement technology that protects the die area. High system uptime and throughput, excellent process repeatability, and efficient
in situ removal of multi-material film stacks and residues ensure high productivity for increased wafer output. Applications include post-etch, pre- and post-deposition, pre-lithography, and metal film removal to prevent arcing during plasma etch or
deposition steps. It is also the most cost-effective bevel clean product that removes carbon-rich residues and films.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Legacy Products  
 For applications that do not require the most advanced wafer processing capability, semiconductor manufacturers can benefit from the proven performance of
previous-generation products to increase their production capacity at a reduced economic investment. Purchasing through an original equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) like us minimizes the risks of unexpected costs and unpredictable time to
production that are typically associated with used systems purchases. To meet semiconductor manufacturers’ needs for high-performance, maximum-predictability, and low-risk equipment, we provide refurbished and newly built legacy products. Our
products also provide production-worthy, cost-effective solutions for the MEMS and light emitting diode (“LED”) markets.  
 Products Table      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Market 
   
 Process/Application 
   
 Technology 
   
 Products 


 
   Thin Film Deposition 
   
   Metal Films     
 Dielectric Films     
 Film Treatment 
   
   ECD (Copper & Other)     
 CVD, ALD (Tungsten)     
 PECVD, ALD       Gapfill
HDP-CVD       UVTP 
   
   SABRE ®  family     
 ALTUS ®  family     
 VECTOR ®  family     
 SPEED ®  family     
 SOLA ®  family     
 
   Plasma Etch 
   
   Conductor Etch     
 Dielectric Etch     
 TSV Etch 
   
   Reactive Ion Etch     
 Reactive Ion Etch     
 Deep Reactive Ion Etch 
   
 
 Kiyo ®  family, Versys ®  Metal 
     family Flex™ family     
 Syndion ®  family     
 
   Single-Wafer Clean 
   
   Wafer Cleaning     
 Bevel Cleaning 
   
   Wet Clean     
 Dry Plasma Clean 
   
   EOS ® , Da Vinci ® , 
     DV-Prime ® , SP Series 
     Coronus ®  family 
   
   Fiscal Periods Presented  
 All references to fiscal years apply to our fiscal years, which ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, and June 30, 2013.  
 Research and Development    The market for
semiconductor capital equipment is characterized by rapid technological change and product innovation. Our ability to achieve and maintain our competitive advantage depends in part on our continued and timely development of new products and
enhancements to existing products. Accordingly, we devote a significant portion of our personnel and financial resources to research and development (“R&D”) programs and seek to maintain close and responsive relationships with our
customers and suppliers.    Our R&D expenses during fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013 were $825.2 million, $716.5 million, and $683.7 million, respectively.
The majority of R&D spending over the past three years has been targeted at deposition, etch, single-wafer clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing products. We believe current challenges for customers at various points in the semiconductor
manufacturing process present opportunities for us.    We expect to continue to make substantial investments in R&D to meet our customers’ product needs,
support our growth strategy, and enhance our competitive position.    Marketing, Sales, and Service  
 Our marketing, sales, and service efforts are focused on building long-term relationships with our customers and targeting product and service solutions designed to meet
their needs. These efforts are supported by a team of product marketing and sales professionals as well as equipment and process engineers who work closely with  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
individual customers to develop solutions for their wafer processing needs. We maintain ongoing service relationships with our customers and have an extensive network of service engineers in
place throughout the United States, Europe, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, China, and Southeast Asia. We believe that comprehensive support programs and close working relationships with customers are essential to maintaining high customer satisfaction and
our competitiveness in the marketplace.    We provide standard warranties for our systems. The warranty provides that systems shall be free from defects in material
and workmanship and conform to agreed-upon specifications. The warranty is limited to repair of the defect or replacement with new or like-new equivalent goods and is valid when the buyer provides prompt notification within the warranty period of
the claimed defect or non-conformity and also makes the items available for inspection and repair. We also offer extended warranty packages to our customers to purchase as desired.  
 International Sales    A significant portion of our sales and operations occur
outside the United States and, therefore, may be subject to certain risks, including but not limited to tariffs and other barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing non-U.S. operations, adverse tax consequences, foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations, changes in currency controls, compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations, including U.S. export restrictions, and economic and political conditions. Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial position, and results of operations and cash flows. For geographical reporting, revenue is attributed to the geographic location in which the customers’ facilities are located. Revenue by region was as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
   June 29, 
 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   
    
   
   


 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Korea 
    
 $ 
 1,406,617 
    
    
 $ 
 1,127,406 
    
    
 $ 
 603,821 
    
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 1,084,239 
    
    
   
 1,049,214 
    
    
   
 1,026,548 
    
 
   United States 
    
   
 890,891 
    
    
   
 622,022 
    
    
   
 734,324 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 661,094 
    
    
   
 623,408 
    
    
   
 319,282 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 623,575 
    
    
   
 634,131 
    
    
   
 368,095 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 314,546 
    
    
   
 303,730 
    
    
   
 292,432 
    
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 278,350 
    
    
   
 247,398 
    
    
   
 254,414 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,259,312 
    
    
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
    
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Long-Lived Assets    Refer to Note 19 of our
Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this report, for information concerning the geographic locations of long-lived assets.    Customers    Our customers include all of the world’s leading semiconductor manufacturers. Customers continue to establish joint
ventures, alliances and licensing arrangements which have the potential to positively or negatively impact our competitive position and market opportunities. In fiscal year 2015, three customers, Micron Technology, Inc., Samsung Electronics Company,
Ltd., and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Ltd., each individually represented greater than 10% of total revenues. In fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the customers individually representing greater than 10% of total assets were Samsung
Electronics Company, Ltd., SK Hynix Inc., and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Ltd.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A material reduction in orders from our customers could adversely affect our results of operations and projected financial
condition. Our business depends upon the expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers. Semiconductor manufacturers’ businesses, in turn, depend on many factors, including their economic capability, the current and anticipated market demand for
ICs and the availability of equipment capacity to support that demand.    Backlog  
 In general, we schedule production of our systems based upon our customers’ delivery requirements and forecasts. In order for a system to be included in our backlog,
the following conditions must be met: 1) we have received a written customer request that has been accepted, 2) we have an agreement on prices and product specifications, and 3) there is a scheduled shipment within the next
12 months. In order for spares and services to be included in our backlog, the following conditions must be met: 1) we have received a written customer request that has been accepted and 2) delivery of products or provision of services is
anticipated within the next 12 months. Where specific spare parts and customer service purchase contracts do not contain discrete delivery dates, we use volume estimates at the contract price and over the contract period, not to exceed
12 months, in calculating backlog amounts. Our policy is to revise our backlog for order cancellations and to make adjustments to reflect, among other things, changes in spares volume estimates and customer delivery date changes. As of
June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014, our backlog was $880 million and $866 million, respectively. Generally, orders for our products and services are subject to cancellation by our customers with limited penalties. Because some orders are
received and shipped in the same quarter and because customers may change delivery dates and cancel orders, our backlog at any particular date is not necessarily indicative of business volumes or actual revenue levels for succeeding periods.  
 Manufacturing    Our manufacturing operations mainly
consist of assembling and testing components, sub-assemblies, and modules that are then integrated into finished systems prior to shipment to or at the location of our customers. Most of the assembly and testing of our products is conducted in
cleanroom environments.    We have agreements with third parties to outsource certain aspects of our manufacturing, production warehousing, and logistics functions. We
believe that these outsourcing contracts provide us more flexibility to scale our operations up or down in a timely and cost effective manner, enabling us to respond quickly to any changes in our business. We believe that we have selected reputable
providers and have secured their performance on terms documented in written contracts. However, it is possible that one or more of these providers could fail to perform as we expect, and such failure could have an adverse impact on our business and
have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. Overall, we believe we have effective mechanisms to manage risks associated with our outsourcing relationships. Refer to Note 16 of our Consolidated Financial Statements,
included in Item 8 of this report, for further information concerning our outsourcing commitments.    Certain components and sub-assemblies that we include in our
products may only be obtained from a single supplier. We believe that, in many cases, we could obtain and qualify alternative sources to supply these products. Nevertheless, any prolonged inability to obtain these components could have an adverse
effect on our operating results and could unfavorably impact our customer relationships.    Environmental Matters  
 We are subject to a variety of governmental regulations related to the management of hazardous materials that we use in our business operations. We are currently not
aware of any pending notices of violations, fines, lawsuits, or investigations arising from environmental matters that would have a material effect on our business. We believe that we are generally in compliance with these regulations and that we
have obtained (or will obtain or are otherwise addressing) all necessary environmental permits to conduct our business. Nevertheless, the failure to comply with present or future regulations could result in fines being imposed on us, require us to
suspend production or cease operations or cause our customers to not accept our products. These regulations could  
      10  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
require us to alter our current operations, to acquire significant additional equipment, or to incur substantial other expenses to comply with environmental regulations. Our failure to control
the use, sale, transport, or disposal of hazardous substances could subject us to future liabilities.    Employees  
 As of August 6, 2015, we had approximately 7,300 regular employees globally. Although we have employment-related agreements with a number of key employees, these
agreements do not guarantee continued service. Each of our employees is required to comply with our policies relating to maintaining the confidentiality of our non-public information.  
 In the semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries, competition for highly skilled employees is intense. Our future success depends, to a significant extent,
upon our continued ability to attract and retain qualified employees particularly in the R&D and customer support functions.  
 Competition    The semiconductor capital equipment
industry is characterized by rapid change and is highly competitive throughout the world. To compete effectively, we invest significant financial resources to continue to strengthen and enhance our product and services portfolio and to maintain
customer service and support locations globally. Semiconductor manufacturers evaluate capital equipment suppliers in many areas, including, but not limited to, process performance, productivity, defect control, customer support, and overall cost of
ownership, which can be affected by many factors such as equipment design, reliability, software advancements, and similar factors. Our ability to succeed in the marketplace depends upon our ability to maintain existing products and introduce
product enhancements and new products that meet customer requirements on a timely basis. In addition, semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate new capital equipment into semiconductor production lines.
As a result, once a semiconductor manufacturer has selected a particular supplier’s equipment and qualified it for production, the manufacturer generally maintains that selection for that specific production application and technology node as
long as the supplier’s products demonstrate performance to specification in the installed base. Accordingly, we may experience difficulty in selling to a given customer if that customer has qualified a competitor’s equipment. We must also
continue to meet the expectations of our installed base of customers through the delivery of high-quality and cost-efficient spare parts in the presence of third-party spare parts provider competition.  
 We face significant competition with all of our products and services. Our primary competitor in the tungsten CVD, PECVD, HDP-CVD, ECD and PVD markets, is Applied
Materials, Inc. In the PECVD market, we also compete against ASM International and Wonik IPS. In the etch market, our primary competitors are Tokyo Electron, Ltd. and Applied Materials, Inc. Our primary competitors in the single-wafer wet clean
market are Screen Holding Co., Ltd.; Semes Co., Ltd.; and Tokyo Electron, Ltd.    Certain of our existing and potential competitors have substantially greater
financial resources and larger engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and customer service and support organizations than we do. In addition, we face competition from a number of emerging companies in the industry. We expect our competitors to
continue to improve the design and performance of their current products and processes, to introduce new products and processes with enhanced price/performance characteristics and to provide more comprehensive offerings of products. If our
competitors make acquisitions or enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers, or other entities, covering products similar to those we sell, our ability to sell our products to those customers could be adversely
affected. There can be no assurance that we will continue to compete successfully in the future.    Patents and Licenses  
 Our policy is to seek patents on inventions relating to new or enhanced products and processes developed as part of our ongoing research, engineering, manufacturing, and
support activities. We currently hold a number of United States and foreign patents covering various aspects of our products and processes. We believe that the duration  
      11  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
of our patents generally exceeds the useful life of the technologies and processes disclosed and claimed in them. Our patents, which cover material aspects of our past and present core products,
have current durations ranging from approximately one to twenty years. We believe that, although the patents we own and may obtain in the future will be of value, they alone will not determine our success. Our success depends principally upon our
research and development, engineering, marketing, support, and delivery skills. However, in the absence of patent protection, we may be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to imitate our products, manufacturing techniques, and processes. In
addition, other companies and inventors may receive patents that contain claims applicable or similar to our products and processes. The sale of products covered by patents of others could require licenses that may not be available on terms
acceptable to us, or at all. For further discussion of legal matters, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” of this report.  
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY    As of
August 13, 2015, the executive officers of Lam Research were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name 
   
 Age 
    
 Title 


 
   Martin B. Anstice 
   
 48 
    
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Timothy M. Archer 
   
 48 
    
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
   Douglas R. Bettinger 
   
 48 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
   Richard A. Gottscho 
   
 63 
    
 Executive Vice President, Global Products Group 
 
   Sarah A. O’Dowd 
   
 65 
    
 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
   Martin B. Anstice has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2012. Mr. Anstice joined us in April 2001 as
Senior Director, Operations Controller; was promoted to the position of Managing Director and Corporate Controller in May 2002; and was promoted to Group Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer in June 2004. He was
appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in September 2008 and President in December 2010. Prior to joining us, he held various finance positions from 1988 to 1999 at Raychem Corporation, a global materials science company.
Subsequent to the acquisition of Raychem by Tyco International, a global provider of engineered electronic components, network solutions and wireless systems, he assumed responsibilities supporting mergers and acquisition activities of Tyco
Electronics. Mr. Anstice is an Associate member of the Institute of Chartered Management Accountants in the United Kingdom    Timothy M. Archer joined us in June
2012 as our Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining us, he spent 18 years at Novellus Systems in various technology development and business leadership roles, including most recently as Chief Operating Officer from
January 2011 to June 2012, Executive Vice President Worldwide Sales, Marketing, and Customer Satisfaction from September 2009 to January 2011, and Executive Vice President of the PECVD and Electrofill Business Units from November 2008 to September
2009. His tenure at Novellus Systems also included assignments as Senior Director of Technology for Novellus Systems Japan from 1999 to 2001 and Senior Director of Technology for the Electrofill Business Unit from April 2001 to April
2002. He started his career in 1989 at Tektronix where he was responsible for process development for high-speed bipolar ICs. Mr. Archer completed the Program for Management Development at Harvard Graduate School of Business and holds
a B.S. degree in Applied Physics from the California Institute of Technology.    Douglas R. Bettinger is our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Prior
to joining us in March 2013, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies from August 2008 to February 2013. From 2007 to 2008, he served as Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller at Xilinx, Inc.,
and from 2004 to 2007, he was Chief Financial Officer at 24/7 Customer, a privately held company. He worked at Intel Corporation from 1993 to 2004, where he held several senior-level finance and manufacturing operations positions, including
Corporate Planning and Reporting Controller and Malaysia Site Operations Controller. Mr. Bettinger earned a M.B.A. degree in finance from the University of Michigan and has a B.S. degree in economics from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
 
      12  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Richard A. Gottscho is our Executive Vice President, Global Products Group, a position he has held since August
2010. Prior to that time, he had been Group Vice President and General Manager, Etch Businesses since March 2007. He joined us in January 1996 and has served at various Director and Vice President levels in support of etch products, CVD
products, and corporate research. Prior to joining us, he was a member of Bell Laboratories for 15 years where he started his career working in plasma processing. During his tenure at Bell, he headed research departments in electronics materials,
electronics packaging, and flat panel displays. He is the author of numerous papers, patents, and lectures in plasma processing and process control. He is a recipient of the American Vacuum Society’s Peter Mark Memorial Award and Plasma Science
and Technology Division Prize, the Gaseous Electronics Conference Foundation Lecturer, the Dry Process Symposium Nishizawa Award, and the Tegal Thinker Award. He is a fellow of the American Physical and American Vacuum Societies and has served on
numerous editorial boards of refereed technical publications, program committees for major conferences in plasma science and engineering, and was vice-chair of a National Research Council study on plasma science in the 1980s. Dr. Gottscho
earned Ph.D. and B.S. degrees in physical chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Pennsylvania State University, respectively.    Sarah A.
O’Dowd is our Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary. She joined us in September 2008 as Group Vice President and Chief Legal Officer, responsible for general legal matters, intellectual property and ethics &
compliance. In addition to her Legal function, in April 2009 she was appointed Vice President of Human Resources and served in this dual capacity from April 2009 through May 2012. Prior to joining us, she was Vice President and General
Counsel for FibroGen, Inc. from February 2007 until September 2008. Until February 2007, Ms. O’Dowd was a shareholder in the law firm of Heller Ehrman LLP for more than 20 years, practicing in the areas of corporate securities,
governance and mergers and acquisitions for a variety of clients, principally publicly traded high technology companies. She served in a variety of leadership and management roles at Heller Ehrman, including Managing Partner of the Silicon
Valley and San Diego offices, member of the firm’s Policy Committee and, as head of the firm’s business practice groups, a member of the firm’s Executive Committee. Ms. O’Dowd earned her J.D. and M.A. in communications from
Stanford Law School and Stanford University, respectively, and her B.A. degree in mathematics from Immaculata College.      
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors     In addition to the other information in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K (“2015 Form 10-K”), the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating the Company and its business because such factors may significantly impact our business, operating results, and financial
condition. As a result of these risk factors, as well as other risks discussed in our other SEC filings, our actual results could differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements. No priority or significance is intended, nor
should be attached, to the order in which the risk factors appear.    The Semiconductor Capital Equipment Industry is Subject to
Variability and, as a Result, We Face Risks Related to Our Strategic Resource Allocation Decisions    Despite the recent reduction in cyclicality, the
semiconductor capital equipment industry has historically been characterized by rapid changes in demand. The industry environment has moved toward an environment more characterized by variability across segments and customers accentuated by
consolidation within the industry. Variability in our customers’ business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services which could negatively impact our results. The variability in our customers’ investments during
any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and
our customers’ ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. The changes in demand may require our management to adjust spending and other resources allocated to operating activities.  
 During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business
controls, management processes, information systems, procedures for training and managing our work force, and in appropriately sizing our supply chain infrastructure,  
      13  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
work force, and other components of our business on a timely basis. If we do not adequately meet these challenges during periods of demand decline, our gross margins and earnings may be
negatively impacted.    We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately
adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth, or we may expand our capacity too rapidly and/or
beyond what is appropriate for the actual demand environment.    Especially during transitional periods, resource allocation decisions can have a significant impact on
our future performance, particularly if we have not accurately anticipated industry changes. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and
respond to these challenges effectively.    Future Declines in the Semiconductor Industry, and the Overall World Economic Conditions on
Which it is Significantly Dependent, Could Have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition    Our business depends on
the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for ICs. With the consolidation of customers within the industry the semiconductor capital equipment market may
experience rapid changes in demand driven both by changes in the market generally and the plans and requirements of particular customers. Global economic and business conditions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer
demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Additionally, in times of economic uncertainty our customers’ budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase
them, could be adversely affected. This would limit their ability to purchase our products and services. As a result, economic downturns can cause material adverse changes to our results of operations and financial condition including, but not
limited to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a decline in demand for our products or services;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 an increase in reserves on accounts receivable due to our customers’ inability to pay us;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 an increase in reserves on inventory balances due to excess or obsolete inventory as a result of our inability to sell such inventory;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 valuation allowances on deferred tax assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 restructuring charges;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 asset impairments including the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a decline in the value of our investments;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 exposure to claims from our suppliers for payment on inventory that is ordered in anticipation of customer purchases that do not come to fruition;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a decline in the value of certain facilities we lease to less than our residual value guarantee with the lessor; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 challenges maintaining reliable and uninterrupted sources of supply.    Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor
manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating results, and earnings. Where appropriate, we will attempt to respond to these fluctuations with cost management programs aimed at aligning our expenditures with
anticipated revenue streams, which sometimes result in restructuring charges. Even during periods of reduced revenues, we must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain
competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results.      
      14  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Quarterly Revenues and Operating Results Are Variable  
 Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, not all of which are in our control. We manage our
expense levels based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Because our operating expenses are based in part on anticipated future revenues, and a certain amount of those expenses are relatively fixed, a change in the timing of recognition
of revenue and/or the level of gross profit from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular quarter. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include, but are not limited
to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries in general and specifically the semiconductor equipment industry;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the size and timing of orders from customers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 Consolidation of the customer base may result in the investment decisions of one customer or market to having a significant effect on demand for our products or services;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 procurement shortages;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the failure of our suppliers or outsource providers to perform their obligations in a manner consistent with our expectations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 manufacturing difficulties;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 customer cancellations or delays in shipments, installations, and/or customer acceptances;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the extent that customers continue to purchase and use our products and services in their business;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our customers’ reuse of existing and installed products, to the extent that such reuse decreases their need to purchase new products or services;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in average selling prices, customer mix, and product mix;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability in a timely manner to develop, introduce and market new, enhanced, and competitive products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our competitors’ introduction of new products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 legal or technical challenges to our products and technology;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 transportation, communication, demand, information technology or supply disruptions based on factors outside our control such as strikes, acts of God, wars, terrorist activities, and natural or man-made disasters;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
 legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory changes (including but not limited to change in import/export regulations) or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in our estimated effective tax rate;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 convertibility and the dilutive impact of our Convertible Notes and related warrants on our earnings per share.    We May Incur Impairments to Goodwill or Long-Lived Assets    We review our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other
intangible assets, for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Negative industry or economic trends, including reduced market prices of our Common
Stock, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates, or lack of growth in our relevant business units, could lead to impairment charges against our long-lived assets, including goodwill and other
intangible assets. If, in any period, our stock price decreases to the point where our fair value, as determined by our market capitalization, is less than the book value of our assets, this could also indicate a potential impairment, and we may be
required to record an impairment charge in that period, which could adversely affect our result of operations. During the 2015 fiscal year, our goodwill and long-lived asset impairment assessments resulted in an impairment charge of $79.4 million
associated with the single-wafer clean reporting unit and $9.8 million related to an intangible asset.  
      15  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our valuation methodology for assessing impairment requires management to make judgments and assumptions based on historical
experience and to rely heavily on projections of future operating performance. We operate in a highly competitive environment and projections of future operating results and cash flows may vary significantly from actual results. Additionally, if our
analysis indicates potential impairment to goodwill in one or more of our business units, we may be required to record additional charges to earnings in our financial statements, which could negatively affect our results of operations.  
 Our Leverage and Debt Service Obligations and Potential Note Conversion or Related Hedging Activities May Adversely Affect Our Financial
Condition, Results of Operations and Earnings Per Share    As a result of the issuance of our 2020 and 2025 Senior Notes, our 2016 and 2018 Convertible
Notes, and the assumption of the 2041 Convertible Notes in connection with our acquisition of Novellus Systems, Inc. (collectively the “Notes”), we have a greater amount of debt than we have maintained in the past. Furthermore, in March
2014, we entered into an unsecured credit agreement providing us with the ability to borrow up to $300 million (and, under certain circumstances, to increase such availability to $500 million). We may, in the future, decide to borrow amounts under
this facility, or to enter into additional debt arrangements.    In addition, we have entered, and in the future may enter, into derivative instrument arrangements to
hedge against the variability of cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate of fixed rate debt. We could be exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to our derivative instruments.  
 Our maintenance of higher levels of indebtedness could have adverse consequences including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 increased risk associated with any inability to satisfy our obligations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 increasing the portion of our cash flows that may have to be dedicated to interest and principal payments and may not be available for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or
general corporate or other purposes; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future.    Our ability to meet our expenses and debt
obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. Furthermore, our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and
service our debt. As a result, we may need to enter into new financing arrangements to obtain the necessary funds. If we determine it is necessary to seek additional funding for any reason, we may not be able to obtain such funding or, if funding is
available, obtain it on acceptable terms. If we fail to make a payment on our debt, we could be in default on such debt, and this default could cause us to be in default on our other outstanding indebtedness.  
 Conversion of our Convertible Notes and resulting exercise of the related warrants may cause dilution to our stockholders and to our earnings per share. The number of
shares of our Common Stock into which the Convertible Notes are convertible for and the related warrants are exercisable for may be adjusted from time to time, including increases in such rates as a result of dividends that we pay to our
stockholders. Upon conversion of any Convertible Notes, we will deliver cash in the amount of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes and, with respect to any excess conversion value greater than the principal amount of the Convertible Notes,
shares of our Common Stock, which would result in dilution to our stockholders. This dilution may be mitigated to some extent by the hedging transactions we entered into in connection with the sale of the 2016 and 2018 Notes or through share
repurchases. Prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes, if the price of our Common Stock exceeds the conversion price, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles require that we report an increase in diluted share count, which would result
in lower reported earnings per share. The price of our Common Stock could also be affected by sales of our Common Stock by investors who view the Convertible Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in our company and also by hedging
activity that may develop involving our Common Stock by holders of the Convertible Notes.      
      16  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Our Credit Agreements Contain Covenant Restrictions That May Limit Our Ability To Operate Our
Business.    We may be unable to respond to changes in business and economic conditions, engage in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us,
or obtain additional financing, because our debt agreements contain, and any of our other future similar agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to, among other things:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 incur additional debt, assume obligations in connection with letters of credit, or issue guarantees;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 create liens;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 enter into transactions with our affiliates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 sell certain assets; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 merge or consolidate with any person.    Our ability to comply with these covenants is dependent on our future performance,
which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including prevailing economic conditions. In addition, our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the Senior Notes, the Convertible Notes or
our other debt, which could permit the holders to accelerate such debt. If any of our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available to repay such debt, which could materially and negatively affect our financial condition and
results of operation.    We Have a Limited Number of Key Customers  
 Sales to a limited number of large customers constitute a significant portion of our overall revenue, shipments, cash flows, collections, and profitability. For the years
ended June 29, 2015, June 28, 2014 and June 30, 2013, three customers accounted for 51%, 52%, and 45% of total revenue, respectively. As a result, the actions of even one customer may subject us to variability in those areas that are difficult to
predict. In addition, large customers may be able to negotiate requirements that result in decreased pricing; increased costs and/or lower margins for us; compliance to specific environmental, social and corporate governance standards; and
limitations on our ability to share jointly developed technology with others. Similarly, significant portions of our credit risk may, at any given time, be concentrated among a limited number of customers, so that the failure of even one of these
key customers to pay its obligations to us could significantly impact our financial results.    We Depend on Creating New Products and
Processes and Enhancing Existing Products and Processes for Our Success. Consequently, We are Subject to Risks Associated with Rapid Technological Change  
 Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop technological advances that enable those processes. We
believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. If new products or existing products have reliability, quality, design,
or safety problems, our performance may be impacted by reduced orders, higher manufacturing costs, delays in acceptance of and payment for new products, and additional service and warranty expenses. We may be unable to develop and manufacture
products successfully, or products that we introduce may fail in the marketplace. For over 25 years the primary driver of technology advancement in the semiconductor industry has been to shrink the lithography that prints the circuit design on
semiconductor chips. That driver could be approaching its technological limit, leading semiconductor manufacturers to investigate more complex changes in multiple technologies in an effort to continue technology development. In the face of
uncertainty on which technology solutions will become successful, we will need to focus our efforts on developing the technology changes that are ultimately successful in supporting our customer requirements. Our failure to develop and offer the
correct technology solutions in a timely manner with productive and cost-effective products could adversely affect our business in a material way. Our failure to commercialize new products in a timely manner could result in loss of market share,
unanticipated costs, and inventory obsolescence, which would adversely affect our financial results.      
      17  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In order to develop new products and processes and enhance existing products and processes, we expect to continue to make
significant investments in R&D and to pursue joint development relationships with customers, suppliers, or other members of the industry. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of
new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products and certain jointly developed technologies may be subject to restrictions on our ability to share that technology with other customers, which could limit our market for products
incorporating those technologies. Future technologies, processes or product developments may render our current product offerings obsolete, leaving us with non-competitive products, or obsolete inventory, or both. Moreover, customers may adopt new
technologies or processes to address the complex challenges associated with next generation devices. This shift may result in a reduction in the size of our addressable markets or could increase the relative size of markets in which we either do not
compete or have relatively low market share.    We are Subject to Risks Relating to Product Concentration and Lack of Product Revenue
Diversification    We derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from a limited number of products. System sales constitute a significant portion of
our total revenue. Our systems are priced up to approximately $9 million per system, and our revenues in any given quarter are dependent upon customer acceptance of a limited number of systems. As a result, the inability to recognize revenue on even
a few systems can cause a significantly adverse impact on our revenues for a given quarter, and, in the longer term, the continued market acceptance of these products is critical to our future success. Our business, operating results, financial
condition, and cash flows could therefore be adversely affected by:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a decline in demand for even a limited number of our products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a failure to achieve continued market acceptance of our key products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 export restrictions or other regulatory or legislative actions that could limit our ability to sell those products to key customers or customers within certain markets;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 an improved version of products being offered by a competitor in the markets in which we participate;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 increased pressure from competitors that offer broader product lines;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 technological changes that we are unable to address with our products; or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 a failure to release new or enhanced versions of our products on a timely basis.    In addition, the fact that we offer
limited product lines creates the risk that our customers may view us as less important to their business than our competitors that offer additional products. This may impact our ability to maintain or expand our business with certain customers.
Such product concentration may also subject us to additional risks associated with technology changes. Our business is affected by our customers’ use of our products in certain steps in their wafer fabrication processes. Should technologies
change so that the manufacture of semiconductors requires fewer steps using our products, this could have a larger impact on our business than it would on the business of our less concentrated competitors.  
 Strategic Alliances and Customer Consolidation May Have Negative Effects on Our Business  
 Increasingly, semiconductor manufacturing companies are entering into strategic alliances or consolidating with one another to expedite the development of processes and
other manufacturing technologies and/or achieve economies of scale. The outcomes of such an alliance can be the definition of a particular tool set for a certain function and/or the standardization of a series of process steps that use a specific
set of manufacturing equipment; while the outcomes of consolidation can lead to an overall reduction in the market for semiconductor manufacturing equipment as customers’ operations achieve economies of scale and/or increased purchasing power
based on their higher volumes. In certain instances, this could work to our disadvantage if a competitor’s tools or equipment become the standard equipment for such functions or processes. Additional outcomes of such consolidation may include
our customers re-evaluating their future supplier relationships to consider other competitors’ products and/or gaining additional influence over the pricing of products and the control of intellectual property.  
      18  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Similarly, our customers may partner with, or follow the lead of, educational or research institutions that establish
processes for accomplishing various tasks or manufacturing steps. If those institutions utilize a competitor’s equipment when they establish those processes, it is likely that customers will tend to use the same equipment in setting up their
own manufacturing lines. Even if they select our equipment, the institutions and the customers that follow their lead could impose conditions on acceptance of that equipment, such as adherence to standards and requirements or limitations on how we
license our proprietary rights that increase our costs or require us to take on greater risk. These actions could adversely impact our market share and financial results.  
 We Depend On a Limited Number of Key Suppliers and Outsource Providers, and We Run the Risk That They Might Not Perform as We Expect
   Outsource providers and component suppliers have played and will continue to play a key role in our manufacturing operations and in many of our
transactional and administrative functions, such as information technology, facilities management, and certain elements of our finance organization. These providers and suppliers might suffer financial setbacks, be acquired by third parties, become
subject to exclusivity arrangements that preclude further business with us or be unable to meet our requirements or expectation due to their independent business decisions, or  force majeure  events that could interrupt or impair their
continued ability to perform as we expect.    Although we attempt to select reputable providers and suppliers, and we attempt to secure their performance on terms
documented in written contracts, it is possible that one or more of these providers or suppliers could fail to perform as we expect, or fail to secure or protect intellectual property rights, and such failure could have an adverse impact on our
business. In some cases, the requirements of our business mandate that we obtain certain components and sub-assemblies included in our products from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Where practical, we endeavor to establish
alternative sources to mitigate the risk that the failure of any single provider or supplier will adversely affect our business, but this is not feasible in all circumstances. There is therefore a risk that a prolonged inability to obtain certain
components or secure key services could impair our ability to manage operations, ship products and generate revenues, which could adversely affect our operating results and damage our customer relationships.  
 We Face Risks Related to the Disruption of Our Primary Manufacturing Facilities  
 Our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in just a few locations. These locations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons such as natural or man-made
disasters, terrorist activities, disruptions of our information technology resources, and utility interruptions. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely
affecting our business and operating results.    Once a Semiconductor Manufacturer Commits to Purchase a Competitor’s Semiconductor
Manufacturing Equipment, the Manufacturer Typically Continues to Purchase that Competitor’s Equipment, Making it More Difficult for Us to Sell Our Equipment to that Customer  
 Semiconductor manufacturers must make a substantial investment to qualify and integrate wafer processing equipment into a semiconductor production line. We believe that
once a semiconductor manufacturer selects a particular supplier’s processing equipment, the manufacturer generally relies upon that equipment for that specific production line application for an extended period of time, especially if customers
are more focused on tool re-use than in the past. Accordingly, we expect it to be more difficult to sell our products to a given customer if that customer initially selects a competitor’s equipment for the same product line application.  
 We Face a Challenging and Complex Competitive Environment  
 We face significant competition from multiple competitors and with increased consolidation efforts in our industry we may face increasing competitive pressures. Other
companies continue to develop systems and products that are competitive to ours and may introduce new products, which may affect our ability to sell our existing products.  
      19  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
We face a greater risk if our competitors enter into strategic relationships with leading semiconductor manufacturers covering products similar to those we sell or may develop, as this could
adversely affect our ability to sell products to those manufacturers.    We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer
a broad range of products, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process R&D. Certain of our competitors, including those that are created and financially backed by foreign governments, have
substantially greater financial resources and more extensive engineering, manufacturing, marketing, and customer service and support resources than we do and therefore have the potential to offer customers a more comprehensive array of products and
to therefore achieve additional relative success in the semiconductor equipment industry. These competitors may deeply discount or give away products similar to those that we sell, challenging or even exceeding our ability to make similar
accommodations and threatening our ability to sell those products. We also face competition from our own customers, who in some instances have established affiliated entities that manufacture equipment similar to ours. For these reasons, we may fail
to continue to compete successfully worldwide.    In addition, our competitors may be able to develop products comparable or superior to those we offer or may adapt
more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. In particular, while we continue to develop product enhancements that we believe will address future customer requirements, we may fail in a timely manner to complete the
development or introduction of these additional product enhancements successfully, or these product enhancements may not achieve market acceptance or be competitive. Accordingly, competition may intensify, and we may be unable to continue to compete
successfully in our markets, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial condition, and/or cash flows.    Our Future Success Depends Heavily on International Sales and the Management of Global Operations    Non-U.S. sales accounted for
approximately 83%, 86%, and 80% of total revenue in fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. We expect that international sales will continue to account for a substantial majority of our total revenue in future years.  
 We are subject to various challenges related to international sales and the management of global operations including, but not limited to:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 trade balance issues;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 tariffs and other barriers;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 global or national economic and political conditions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 changes in currency controls;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 differences in the enforcement of intellectual property and contract rights in varying jurisdictions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability to respond to customer and foreign government demands for locally sourced systems, spare parts and services and develop the necessary relationships with local suppliers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 compliance with U.S. and international laws and regulations affecting foreign operations; including U.S. and international trade restrictions and sanctions, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, environmental, and labor laws;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
 fluctuations in interest and foreign currency exchange rates;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability to repatriate cash in a tax-efficient manner;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 the need for technical support resources in different locations; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 our ability to secure and retain qualified people, and effectively manage people, in all necessary locations for the successful operation of our business.  
 Certain international sales depend on our ability to obtain export licenses from the U.S. government. Our failure or inability to obtain such licenses would
substantially limit our markets and severely restrict our revenues. Many of  
      20  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the challenges noted above are applicable in China, which is a fast developing market for the semiconductor equipment industry and therefore an area of potential significant growth for our
business. As the business volume between China and the rest of the world grows, there is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships among China, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, and the United States, that political and diplomatic influences might
lead to trade disruptions. This would adversely affect our business with China, Taiwan, Japan, and/or South Korea and perhaps the entire Asia Pacific region. A significant trade disruption in these areas could have a materially adverse impact on our
future revenue and profits. In addition, there are risks that the Chinese government may, among other things: insist on the use of local suppliers; compel companies that do business in China to partner with local companies to design and supply
equipment on a local basis, requiring the transfer of intellectual property rights and/or local manufacturing; and provide special incentives to government-backed local customers to buy from local competitors, even if their products are inferior to
ours; all of which could adversely impact our revenues and margins.    We are exposed to potentially adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The majority
of our sales and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily related to revenues denominated in Japanese yen and expenses denominated in euro and Korean won. Currently,
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the short-term impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities; primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts
payables and intercompany receivables and payables. In addition, we hedge certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows, primarily anticipated revenues denominated in Japanese yen and euro-denominated and Korean won-denominated expenses. We
believe these are our primary exposures to currency rate fluctuation. We expect to continue to enter into hedging transactions, for the purposes outlined, for the foreseeable future. However, these hedging transactions may not achieve their desired
effect because differences between the actual timing of the underlying exposures and our forecasts of those exposures may leave us either over-or under-hedged on any given transaction. Moreover, by hedging these foreign currency denominated
revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities with foreign currency forward contracts, we may miss favorable currency trends that would have been advantageous to us but for the hedges. Additionally, we are exposed to short-term foreign
currency exchange rate fluctuations on non-U.S. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities (other than those currency exposures previously discussed) and currently we do not enter into foreign currency hedge contracts against these
exposures. Therefore, we are subject to both favorable and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations to the extent that we transact business (including intercompany transactions) for these currencies.  
 The magnitude of our overseas business also affects where our cash is generated. Certain uses of cash, such as share repurchases, payment of dividends or the repayment
of our notes, can usually only be made with on-shore cash balances. Since the majority of our cash is generated outside of the United States, this may impact certain business decisions and adversely affect business outcomes.  
 Our Ability to Attract, Retain, and Motivate Key Employees Is Critical to Our Success  
 Our ability to compete successfully depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees. This is an ongoing challenge due to intense
competition for top talent, as well as fluctuations in industry economic conditions that may require cycles of hiring activity and workforce reductions. Our success in hiring depends on a variety of factors, including the attractiveness of our
compensation and benefit programs and our ability to offer a challenging and rewarding work environment. We periodically evaluate our overall compensation programs and make adjustments, as appropriate, to maintain or enhance their competitiveness.
If we are not able to successfully attract, retain, and motivate key employees, we may be unable to capitalize on market opportunities and our operating results may be materially and adversely affected.  
 We Rely Upon Certain Critical Information Systems for the Operation of Our Business  
 We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These information systems include telecommunications, the
internet, our corporate intranet, various computer hardware and software applications, network communications, and e-mail. These information systems may be owned and  
      21  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
maintained by us, our outsourced providers or third parties such as vendors and contractors. Many of these information systems and outsourced service providers, including certain hosted software
applications that we use for confidential data storage, employ “cloud computing” technology for such storage (which refers to an information technology hosting and delivery system in which data is not stored within the user’s physical
infrastructure but instead is delivered to and consumed by the user as an Internet-based service). All of these information systems are subject to attacks, failures, and access denials from a number of potential sources including viruses,
destructive or inadequate code, power failures, and physical damage to computers, hard drives, communication lines, and networking equipment. Confidential and/or sensitive information stored on these information systems or transmitted to or from
cloud storage could be intentionally or unintentionally compromised, lost and/or stolen. While we have implemented security procedures, such as virus protection software and emergency recovery processes, to mitigate the outlined risks with respect
to information systems that are under our control, they cannot be guaranteed to be failsafe and our inability to use or access these information systems at critical points in time, or unauthorized releases of proprietary or confidential information,
could unfavorably impact the timely and efficient operation of our business.    Our Financial Results May be Adversely Impacted by Higher
than Expected Tax Rates or Exposure to Additional Tax Liabilities    As a global company, our effective tax rate is highly dependent upon the geographic
composition of worldwide earnings and tax regulations governing each region. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and significant judgment is required to determine worldwide tax liabilities. Our
effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the split of earnings between countries with differing statutory tax rates, in the valuation of deferred tax assets, in tax laws, by material audit assessments, or changes in or
expirations of agreements with tax authorities. These factors could affect our profitability. In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the United States, is dependent on our ability to generate future
taxable income in the United States. In addition, the amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits in various jurisdictions, and a material assessment by a governing tax authority could affect our profitability.  
 A Failure to Comply with Environmental Regulations May Adversely Affect Our Operating Results  
 We are subject to a variety of domestic and international governmental regulations related to the handling, discharge, and disposal of toxic, volatile, or otherwise
hazardous chemicals. Failure to comply with present or future environmental regulations could result in fines being imposed on us, require us to suspend production, or cease operations, or cause our customers to not accept our products. These
regulations could require us to alter our current operations, acquire significant additional equipment, incur substantial other expenses to comply with environmental regulations, or take other actions. Any failure to comply with regulations
governing the use, handling, sale, transport or disposal of hazardous substances could subject us to future liabilities that may adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and ability to operate our business.  
 If We Choose to Acquire or Dispose of Businesses, Product Lines and Technologies, We May Encounter Unforeseen Costs and Difficulties That
Could Impair Our Financial Performance    An important element of our management strategy is to review acquisition prospects that would complement our
existing products, augment our market coverage and distribution ability, or enhance our technological capabilities. As a result, we may make acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies, or we may reduce or dispose of certain
product lines or technologies that no longer fit our long-term strategies. Managing an acquired business, disposing of product technologies or reducing personnel entail numerous operational and financial risks, including difficulties in assimilating
acquired operations and new personnel or separating existing business or product groups, diversion of management’s attention away from other business concerns, amortization of acquired intangible assets, adverse customer reaction to our
decision to cease support for a product, and potential loss of key employees or customers of acquired or disposed operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve and manage successfully any such integration of potential
acquisitions, disposition of  
      22  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
product lines or technologies, or reduction in personnel or that our management, personnel, or systems will be adequate to support continued operations. Any such inabilities or inadequacies could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and cash flows.    In addition, any acquisition could result in changes such as
potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities, the amortization of related intangible assets, and goodwill impairment charges, any of which could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations and/or the price of our Common Stock.    The Market for Our Common Stock is Volatile, Which
May Affect Our Ability to Raise Capital, Make Acquisitions, or Subject Our Business to Additional Costs    The market price for our Common Stock is
volatile and has fluctuated significantly over the past years. The trading price of our Common Stock could continue to be highly volatile and fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control or
influence. These factors include but are not limited to the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 general market, semiconductor, or semiconductor equipment industry conditions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 economic or political events and trends occurring globally or in any of our key sales regions;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 variations in our quarterly operating results and financial condition, including our liquidity;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 variations in our revenues, earnings or other business and financial metrics from forecasts by us or securities analysts, or from those experienced by other companies in our industry;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
 announcements of restructurings, reductions in force, departure of key employees, and/or consolidations of operations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 government regulations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 developments in, or claims relating to, patent or other proprietary rights;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 technological innovations and the introduction of new products by us or our competitors;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 commercial success or failure of our new and existing products;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 disruptions of relationships with key customers or suppliers; or      
 
 
   
 • 
   
 convertibility and dilutive impacts of our Convertible Notes and related warrants.    In addition, the stock market
experiences significant price and volume fluctuations. Historically, we have witnessed significant volatility in the price of our Common Stock due in part to the price of and markets for semiconductors. These and other factors have and may again
adversely affect the price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, following volatile periods in the price of their stock, many companies became the object of securities class action litigation. If we are
sued in a securities class action, we could incur substantial costs, and it could divert management’s attention and resources and have an unfavorable impact on our financial performance and the price for our Common Stock.  
 Intellectual Property, Indemnity, and Other Claims Against Us Can be Costly and We Could Lose Significant Rights That are Necessary to Our
Continued Business and Profitability    Third parties may assert infringement, unfair competition, product liability, breach of contract, or other claims
against us. From time to time, other persons send us notices alleging that our products infringe their patent or other intellectual property rights. In addition, law enforcement authorities may seek criminal charges relating to intellectual property
or other issues. We also face risks of claims arising from commercial and other relationships. In addition, our bylaws and other indemnity obligations provide that we will indemnify officers and directors against losses that they may incur in legal
proceedings resulting from their service to us. From time to time, in the normal course of business, we indemnify third parties with whom we enter into contractual relationships, including customers and suppliers, with respect to certain matters. We
have agreed, under certain conditions, to hold these third parties harmless against specified losses, such as those arising from a breach of representations or  
      23  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
covenants, other third party claims that our products when used for their intended purposes infringe the intellectual property rights of such other third parties, or other claims made against
certain parties. In such cases, it is our policy either to defend the claims or to negotiate licenses or other settlements on commercially reasonable terms. However, we may be unable in the future to negotiate necessary licenses or reach agreement
on other settlements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and any litigation resulting from these claims by other parties may materially adversely affect our business and financial results, and we may be subject to substantial damage awards
and penalties. Moreover, although we have insurance to protect us from certain claims and cover certain losses to our property, such insurance may not cover us for the full amount of any losses, or at all, and may be subject to substantial
exclusions and deductibles.    We May Fail to Protect Our Critical Proprietary Technology Rights, Which Could Affect Our Business
   Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology and our ability to protect key components of that technology through patents, copyrights and
trade secret protection. Protecting our key proprietary technology helps us to achieve our goals of developing technological expertise and new products and systems that give us a competitive advantage; increasing market penetration and growth of our
installed base; and providing comprehensive support and service to our customers. As part of our strategy to protect our technology we currently hold a number of U.S. and foreign patents and pending patent applications, and we keep certain
information, processes and techniques as trade secrets. However, other parties may challenge or attempt to invalidate or circumvent any patents the United States or foreign governments issue to us, these governments may fail to issue patents for
pending applications, or we may lose trade secret protection over valuable information due to the intentional or unintentional actions or omissions of third parties, of ours or even our own employees. Additionally, intellectual property litigation
can be expensive and time-consuming and even when patents are issued or trade secret processes are followed, the legal systems in certain of the countries in which we do business do not enforce patents and other intellectual property rights as
rigorously as the United States. The rights granted or anticipated under any of our patents, pending patent applications or trade secrets may be narrower than we expect or, in fact, provide no competitive advantages. Moreover, because we determine
the jurisdictions in which to file patents at the time of filing, we may not have adequate protection in the future based on such previous decisions. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse impact on our business.  
 We Are Exposed to Various Risks from Our Regulatory Environment  
 We are subject to various risks related to (i) new, different, inconsistent or even conflicting laws, rules and regulations that may be enacted by legislative bodies
and/or regulatory agencies in the countries that we operate; (ii) disagreements or disputes between national or regional regulatory agencies related to international trade; and (iii) the interpretation and application of laws, rules and
regulations. As a public company with global operations, we are subject to the laws of multiple jurisdictions and the rules and regulations of various governing bodies, including those related to financial and other disclosures, corporate
governance, privacy, anti-corruption, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, conflict minerals or other social responsibility legislation, and antitrust regulations,
among others. Each of these laws, rules and regulations imposes costs on our business, including financial costs and potential diversion of our management’s attention associated with compliance, and may present risks to our business, including
potential fines, restrictions on our actions, and reputational damage if we are unable to fully comply.    To maintain high standards of corporate governance and
public disclosure, we intend to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with all evolving standards. Changes in or ambiguous interpretations of laws, regulations and standards may create uncertainty regarding compliance matters. Efforts
to comply with new and changing regulations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from revenue generating activities to
compliance activities. If we are found by a court or regulatory agency not to be in compliance with the laws and regulations, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.  
      24  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  There Can Be No Assurance That We Will Continue To Declare Cash Dividends Or Repurchase Our
Shares At All Or In Any Particular Amounts.    Our Board of Directors has declared quarterly dividends since April 2014. Our intent to continue to pay
quarterly dividends and to repurchase our shares is subject to capital availability and, in the case of dividends, periodic determinations by our Board of Directors that cash dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders and are in
compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends by us. Future dividends and share repurchases may also be affected by, among other factors: our views on potential future capital requirements for
investments in acquisitions and the funding of our research and development; legal risks; stock repurchase programs; changes in federal and state income tax laws or corporate laws; contractual restrictions, such as financial or operating covenants
in our debt arrangements; and changes to our business model. Our dividend payments and share repurchases may change from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to declare dividends or repurchase shares at all or in any
particular amounts. A reduction or suspension in our dividend payments or share repurchase activity could have a negative effect on our stock price.      
 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments      None.  
   
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties      Our executive offices and principal operating and
R&D facilities are located in Fremont, Livermore, and San Jose, California, Tualatin, Oregon, and Villach, Austria. The majority of the Fremont and Livermore facilities are held under operating leases expiring in 2020 and 2021, in addition the
Villach facilities are held under capital leases expiring in 2016. The company owns one property in Fremont, as well as, the San Jose and Tualatin facilities. Our Fremont, Livermore, and Villach leases generally include options to renew or purchase
the facilities. In addition, we lease or own properties for our service, technical support and sales personnel throughout the United States, Europe, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, China, and Southeast Asia, and lease or own manufacturing facilities located
in Illinois, Ohio, Germany, and Korea. Our facilities lease obligations are subject to periodic increases. We believe that our existing facilities are well-maintained and in good operating condition.  
   
 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings      While the Company is not currently party to
any legal proceedings that it believes material, the Company is either a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that have arisen from time to time in the normal course of business, including intellectual property claims. The Company accrues for a
liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether a loss is
reasonably estimable. These accruals are reviewed at least quarterly and adjusted to reflect the effects of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other information and events pertaining to a particular matter. To the
extent there is a reasonable possibility that the losses could exceed the amounts already accrued, the Company believes that the amount of any such additional loss would be immaterial to the Company’s business, financial condition, and results
of operations.      
 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures      Not applicable.  
      25  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    
 Stock Information    Our Common Stock is
traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LRCX. As of August 5, 2015, we had 479 stockholders of record. In fiscal year 2015 we paid our stockholders a quarterly dividend of $0.18 per share. In May 2015, we announced an
increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.30 per share, which is payable in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. The table below sets forth the high and low prices of our Common Stock as reported by The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, for the period
indicated:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2015 
   
 
    
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   


 
   First Quarter 
    
 $ 
 77.35 
    
    
 $ 
 66.70 
    
 
   Second Quarter 
    
 $ 
 85.70 
    
    
 $ 
 65.78 
    
 
   Third Quarter 
    
 $ 
 84.49 
    
    
 $ 
 69.92 
    
 
   Fourth Quarter 
    
 $ 
 84.39 
    
    
 $ 
 69.07 
    
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
 
    
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
 
   First Quarter 
    
 $ 
 52.31 
    
    
 $ 
 44.11 
    
 
   Second Quarter 
    
 $ 
 55.48 
    
    
 $ 
 49.54 
    
 
   Third Quarter 
    
 $ 
 57.16 
    
    
 $ 
 48.45 
    
 
   Fourth Quarter 
    
 $ 
 67.85 
    
    
 $ 
 50.54 
    
   Repurchase of Company Shares  
 On April 29, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $850 million of Common Stock. These repurchases can be conducted on the open market or
as private purchases and may include the use of derivative contracts with large financial institutions, in all cases subject to compliance with applicable law. Repurchases will be funded using our on-shore cash and on-shore cash generation. This
repurchase program has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As part of our share repurchase program, we may from time-to-time enter into structured share repurchase arrangements with financial institutions using
general corporate funds.    As part of our share repurchase program, we may from time-to-time enter into structured share repurchase arrangements with financial
institutions using general corporate funds.    During the three months ended September 28, 2014, we entered into a collared accelerated share repurchase
(“ASR”) transaction under a master repurchase arrangement. Under the ASR, we made an up-front cash payment of $250 million, in exchange for an initial delivery of approximately 3.2 million shares of our Common Stock.  
 The number of shares repurchased was based on the volume-weighted average price (“VWAP”) of the Common Stock during the term of the ASR minus a pre-determined
discount set at inception of the ASR, subject to collar provisions that provided a minimum and maximum number of shares that we could repurchase under the agreements. The minimum and maximum thresholds for the transaction were established based on
the average of the VWAP prices for the Common Stock during an initial hedge period. The ASR was scheduled to end at any time on or after October 8, 2014 and on or before December 8, 2014.  
 The counterparty designated October 9, 2014 as the termination date, at which time we settled the ASR. Approximately 0.3 million shares were received at final
settlement, which represented a weighted-average share price of approximately $72.90 for the transaction period.  
      26  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Share repurchases, including those under the repurchase program, were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Repurchased (1) 
   
    
 Average Price Paid Per Share (2) 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs 
   
    
 Amount Available Under Repurchase Program 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   Amount available at June 29, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 830,895 
    
 
   Quarter ending September 28, 2014 
    
   
 3,938 
    
    
 $ 
 69.86 
    
    
   
 3,818 
    
    
 $ 
 534,174 
    
 
   Quarter ending December 28, 2014 
    
   
 1,158 
    
    
 $ 
 78.10 
    
    
   
 869 
    
    
 $ 
 488,480 
    
 
   Quarter ended March 29, 2015 
    
   
 1,550 
    
    
 $ 
 78.57 
    
    
   
 1,434 
    
    
 $ 
 376,002 
    
 
   March 30, 2015 - April 26, 2015 
    
   
 192 
    
    
 $ 
 73.51 
    
    
   
 178 
    
    
 $ 
 362,898 
    
 
   April 27, 2015 - May 24, 2015 
    
   
 478 
    
    
 $ 
 77.33 
    
    
   
 264 
    
    
 $ 
 342,377 
    
 
   May 25, 2015 - June 28, 2015 
    
   
 321 
    
    
 $ 
 82.66 
    
    
   
 312 
    
    
 $ 
 316,587 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 7,637 
    
    
 $ 
 75.04 
    
    
   
 6,875 
    
    
 $ 
 316,587 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 In addition to shares repurchased under the Board-authorized repurchase program shown above, we acquired 761,883 shares at a total cost of $58.8 million which we withheld through net share settlements to cover minimum
tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock unit awards granted under our equity compensation plans. The shares retained through these net share settlements are not a part of the Board-authorized repurchase program but instead
are authorized under our equity compensation plans.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Average price paid per share excludes accelerated share repurchases for which cost was incurred during the September 2014 quarter, but that did not settle until the December 2014 quarter. See the section above for
details regarding average price associated with these transactions.  
      27  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cumulative 5-year Return  
 The graph below compares Lam Research Corporation’s cumulative 5-year total shareholder return on Common Stock with the cumulative total returns of the NASDAQ
Composite index, the Research Data Group, Incorporated (“RDG”) Semiconductor Composite index, and the Philadelphia (“PHLX”) Semiconductor Sector Index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Common Stock and
in each of the indices (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from June 30, 2010 to June 30, 2015.        


 
      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 6/10 
   
    
 6/11 
   
    
 6/12 
   
    
 6/13 
   
    
 6/14 
   
    
 6/15 
   


 
   Lam Research Corporation 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 116.34 
    
    
   
 99.16 
    
    
   
 116.50 
    
    
   
 178.05 
    
    
   
 216.61 
    
 
   NASDAQ Composite 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 132.14 
    
    
   
 142.90 
    
    
   
 169.55 
    
    
   
 223.20 
    
    
   
 253.21 
    
 
   S&P 500 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 130.69 
    
    
   
 137.81 
    
    
   
 166.20 
    
    
   
 207.10 
    
    
   
 222.47 
    
 
   RDG Semiconductor Composite 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 131.61 
    
    
   
 128.78 
    
    
   
 143.95 
    
    
   
 195.98 
    
    
   
 196.30 
    
 
   PHLX Semiconductor 
    
   
 100.00 
    
    
   
 135.83 
    
    
   
 139.10 
    
    
   
 165.22 
    
    
   
 223.35 
    
    
   
 233.52 
    
 
      28  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 (1) 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 (1) 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 (1) 
   
    
 June 24, 2012 (1) 
   
    
 June 26, 2011 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   OPERATIONS: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,259,312 
    
    
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
    
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
    
 $ 
 2,665,192 
    
    
 $ 
 3,237,693 
    
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 2,284,336 
    
    
   
 2,007,481 
    
    
   
 1,403,059 
    
    
   
 1,084,069 
    
    
   
 1,497,232 
    
 
   Goodwill impairment (2) 
    
   
 79,444 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Restructuring charges, net 
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 1,813 
    
    
   
 1,725 
    
    
   
 11,579 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 788,039 
    
    
   
 677,669 
    
    
   
 118,071 
    
    
   
 237,733 
    
    
   
 804,285 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 655,577 
    
    
   
 632,289 
    
    
   
 113,879 
    
    
   
 168,723 
    
    
   
 723,748 
    
 
   Net income per share: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 4.11 
    
    
 $ 
 3.84 
    
    
 $ 
 0.67 
    
    
 $ 
 1.36 
    
    
 $ 
 5.86 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.70 
    
    
 $ 
 3.62 
    
    
 $ 
 0.66 
    
    
 $ 
 1.35 
    
    
 $ 
 5.79 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
    
 $ 
 0.84 
    
    
 $ 
 0.18 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   BALANCE SHEET: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Working capital 
    
 $ 
 3,639,488 
    
    
 $ 
 3,201,661 
    
    
 $ 
 2,389,354 
    
    
 $ 
 2,988,181 
    
    
 $ 
 2,592,506 
    
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 9,364,648 
    
    
   
 7,993,306 
    
    
   
 7,250,315 
    
    
   
 8,004,652 
    
    
   
 4,053,867 
    
 
   Long-term obligations, less current portion 
    
   
 1,388,335 
    
    
   
 1,198,221 
    
    
   
 1,170,048 
    
    
   
 1,255,600 
    
    
   
 903,263 
    
 
   Current portion of long-term debt and capital leases 
    
   
 1,359,650 
    
    
   
 518,267 
    
    
   
 520,686 
    
    
   
 514,655 
    
    
   
 4,782 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013 amounts include operating results of Novellus. Fiscal year 2012 amounts include 20 days of operating results of Novellus from the acquisition date of June 4, 2012. The Novellus
acquisition was accounted for as a business combination in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Goodwill impairment analysis during fiscal year 2015 resulted in a non-cash impairment charge upon our single-wafer clean reporting unit, extinguishing the goodwill ascribed to the reporting unit.  
      29  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended (1) 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 March 29, 2015 
   
    
 December 28, 2014 
   
    
 September 28, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 unaudited 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   QUARTERLY FISCAL YEAR 2015: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,481,370 
    
    
 $ 
 1,393,333 
    
    
 $ 
 1,232,241 
    
    
 $ 
 1,152,368 
    
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 641,538 
    
    
   
 600,602 
    
    
   
 536,657 
    
    
   
 505,539 
    
 
   Goodwill impairment 
    
   
 79,444 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 191,035 
    
    
   
 239,965 
    
    
   
 188,741 
    
    
   
 168,298 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 131,271 
    
    
   
 206,285 
    
    
   
 176,940 
    
    
   
 141,081 
    
 
   Net income per share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 0.83 
    
    
 $ 
 1.30 
    
    
 $ 
 1.11 
    
    
 $ 
 0.87 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 0.74 
    
    
 $ 
 1.16 
    
    
 $ 
 1.00 
    
    
 $ 
 0.80 
    
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 158,590 
    
    
   
 158,992 
    
    
   
 159,248 
    
    
   
 161,685 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 176,575 
    
    
   
 177,531 
    
    
   
 177,046 
    
    
   
 177,118 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended (1) 
   
 
    
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 March 30, 2014 
   
    
 December 29, 2013 
   
    
 September 29, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 unaudited 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   QUARTERLY FISCAL YEAR 2014: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 1,248,797 
    
    
 $ 
 1,227,392 
    
    
 $ 
 1,116,061 
    
    
 $ 
 1,015,059 
    
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 557,036 
    
    
   
 530,798 
    
    
   
 487,789 
    
    
   
 431,858 
    
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 215,850 
    
    
   
 191,937 
    
    
   
 164,474 
    
    
   
 105,408 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 233,395 
    
    
   
 164,396 
    
    
   
 148,992 
    
    
   
 85,506 
    
 
   Net income per share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 1.44 
    
    
 $ 
 1.01 
    
    
 $ 
 0.92 
    
    
 $ 
 0.52 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 1.35 
    
    
 $ 
 0.96 
    
    
 $ 
 0.87 
    
    
 $ 
 0.50 
    
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 162,215 
    
    
   
 162,238 
    
    
   
 162,305 
    
    
   
 162,896 
    
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 173,345 
    
    
   
 171,636 
    
    
   
 171,757 
    
    
   
 171,363 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Our reporting period is a 52/53-week fiscal year. The fiscal years ended June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014 included 52 weeks. All quarters presented above included 13 weeks.  
      30  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and
changes in condition, significance, value and effect. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those discussed in “Risk
Factors” and elsewhere in this 2015 Form 10-K and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (See “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Part I of this 2015 Form
10-K).    Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) provides a description of our
results of operations and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this 2015 Form 10-K. MD&A consists of the following sections:  
 Executive Summary  provides a summary of the key highlights of our results of operations and our management’s assessment of material trends and uncertainties
relevant to our business.    Results of Operations  provides an analysis of operating results.  
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  discusses accounting policies that reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
Consolidated Financial Statements.    Liquidity and Capital Resources  provides an analysis of cash flows, contractual obligations and financial position.  
 Executive Summary    Lam Research has been an
innovative supplier of wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry for more than 35 years. Our customers include semiconductor manufacturers that make memory, microprocessors, and other logic integrated circuits for a wide
range of electronics; including cell phones, computers, tablets, storage devices, and networking equipment.    Our market-leading products are designed to help our
customers build the smaller, faster, and more powerful devices that are necessary to power the capabilities required by end users. The process of integrated circuits fabrication consists of a complex series of process and preparation steps, and our
product offerings in deposition, etch, and clean address a number of the most critical steps in the fabrication process. We leverage our expertise in semiconductor processing to develop technology and/or productivity solutions that typically benefit
our customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and reduced cost as well as by facilitating their ability to meet more stringent performance and design standards.  
 The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and characterized by rapid changes in demand. This cyclicality has been mitigated in recent
years by market demands and consolidation among our customers. With a reduced number of customers, variability in their business plans may lead to changes in demand for Lam’s equipment and services. The variability in our customers’
investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for
semiconductors, and our customers’ ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices.    Demand for our products was strong
throughout the fiscal year as semiconductor device manufacturers made capacity and technology investments. We expect growth in the overall wafer fabrication equipment market in calendar year 2015 compared to calendar year 2014 related to leading
edge investments by our customers. Technology inflections in our industry, including FinFET transistors, 3D NAND, multiple patterning, and advanced packaging have led to an increase in the deposition and etch market sizes. We believe that, over the
longer term, demand for our products should increase as the proportion of customers’ capital expenditures rises in these technology inflection areas, and we continue to gain market share. 
      31  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following summarizes certain key annual financial information for the periods indicated below:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 FY15 vs. FY14 
   
    
 FY14 vs. FY13 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data and percentages) 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,259,312 
    
    
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
    
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
    
 $ 
 652,003 
    
    
   
 14.2% 
    
    
 $ 
 1,008,393 
    
    
   
 28.0% 
    
 
   Gross margin 
    
 $ 
 2,284,336 
    
    
 $ 
 2,007,481 
    
    
 $ 
 1,403,059 
    
    
 $ 
 276,855 
    
    
   
 13.8% 
    
    
 $ 
 604,422 
    
    
   
 43.1% 
    
 
   Gross margin as a percent of total revenue 
    
   
 43.4% 
    
    
   
 43.6% 
    
    
   
 39.0% 
    
    
   
 -0.2% 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4.6% 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
 $ 
 1,496,297 
    
    
 $ 
 1,329,812 
    
    
 $ 
 1,284,988 
    
    
 $ 
 166,485 
    
    
   
 12.5% 
    
    
 $ 
 44,824 
    
    
   
 3.5% 
    
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 655,577 
    
    
 $ 
 632,289 
    
    
 $ 
 113,879 
    
    
 $ 
 23,288 
    
    
   
 3.7% 
    
    
 $ 
 518,410 
    
    
   
 455.2% 
    
 
   Diluted net income per share 
    
 $ 
 3.70 
    
    
 $ 
 3.62 
    
    
 $ 
 0.66 
    
    
 $ 
 0.08 
    
    
   
 2.2% 
    
    
 $ 
 2.96 
    
    
   
 448.5% 
    
   Fiscal year 2015 revenues increased 14% compared to fiscal year 2014, reflecting the steady increase in technology inflections’
spending, as well as incremental market share gains. The small decrease in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for the fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was due primarily to less favorable product mix partially offset by improved
factory utilization due to higher production volumes.    Operating expenses in fiscal year 2015 increased as compared to fiscal year 2014 primarily related to
continued investments in the next-generation research and development. In fiscal year 2015, we also recorded a goodwill impairment of approximately $79 million related to our single-wafer clean reporting unit.  
 Our cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments balances totaled approximately $4.2 billion as of June 28, 2015 compared
to $3.2 billion as of June 29, 2014. This increase was primarily the result of $992 million net proceeds from March 2015 Senior Notes issuance. Cash flows provided from operating activities was $786 million for fiscal year 2015 compared to $717
million for fiscal year 2014. Cash flows provided from operating activities in fiscal 2015 was primarily used for $573 million in treasury stock purchases, $116 million in dividends paid to our stockholders, and $198 million of capital expenditures,
and are partially offset by $66 million of treasury stock reissuance and common stock issuance resulting from our employee equity-based compensation programs.    Results of Operations    Shipments and Backlog  
 Shipments for fiscal year 2015 were approximately $5.5 billion and increased by 20% compared to fiscal year 2014. Shipments for fiscal year 2014 were approximately $4.6
billion and increased by 23% compared to fiscal year 2013. The increase in shipments during fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014, as well as the  
      32  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
increase in shipments during fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 related to continued strengthening of customer demand for semiconductor equipment.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   Shipments (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 5,472 
    
    
 $ 
 4,551 
    
    
 $ 
 3,714 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korea 
    
   
 26% 
    
    
   
 24% 
    
    
   
 16% 
    
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 22% 
    
    
   
 21% 
    
    
   
 29% 
    
 
   United States 
    
   
 15% 
    
    
   
 15% 
    
    
   
 20% 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 14% 
    
    
   
 13% 
    
    
   
 11% 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 12% 
    
    
   
 15% 
    
    
   
 9% 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 6% 
    
    
   
 7% 
    
    
   
 8% 
    
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 5% 
    
    
   
 5% 
    
    
   
 7% 
    
   The percentage of total semiconductor processing system shipments to each of the markets we serve were as follows for fiscal years 2015,
2014, and 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   Memory 
    
   
 58 
 %  
   
   
 60 
 %  
   
   
 36 
 %  
 
   Foundry 
    
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 30 
 %  
   
   
 49 
 %  
 
   Logic/integrated device manufacturing 
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
   
 10 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
   Our shipments to memory customers remained strong during fiscal year 2015 driven by mobile and enterprise demands. During fiscal year
2014, memory customer demand was higher due to node transitions in memory manufacturing, stable pricing for memory, and tight industry supply.    Unshipped orders in
backlog as of June 28, 2015 were approximately $880 million and increased from approximately $866 million as of June 29, 2014. Our unshipped orders backlog includes orders for systems, spares, and services. Please refer to
“Backlog” in Part I Item 1, “Business” of this report for a description of our policies for adding to and adjusting backlog.    Revenue
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   Revenue (in millions) 
    
 $ 
 5,259 
    
    
 $ 
 4,607 
    
    
 $ 
 3,599 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korea 
    
   
 27% 
    
    
   
 24% 
    
    
   
 17% 
    
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 21% 
    
    
   
 23% 
    
    
   
 29% 
    
 
   United States 
    
   
 17% 
    
    
   
 13% 
    
    
   
 20% 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 12% 
    
    
   
 14% 
    
    
   
 10% 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 12% 
    
    
   
 14% 
    
    
   
 9% 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 6% 
    
    
   
 7% 
    
    
   
 8% 
    
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 5% 
    
    
   
 5% 
    
    
   
 7% 
    
 
      33  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The revenue increase in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 reflected an increase in technology and capacity
investments by our customers. The revenue increase in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 reflected increased customer and industry demand. Our revenue levels are generally correlated to the amount of shipments and our installation and
acceptance timelines. The overall Asia region continues to account for a majority of our revenues as a substantial amount of the worldwide capacity additions for semiconductor manufacturing continues to occur in this region. Our deferred revenue
balance was $518 million as of June 28, 2015 compared to $362 million as of June 29, 2014. Our deferred revenue balance does not include shipments to Japanese customers, to whom title does not transfer until customer acceptance.
Shipments to Japanese customers are classified as inventory at cost until the time of customer acceptance. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers was approximately $164 million as of June 28, 2015 compared to
$34 million as of June 29, 2014.    Gross Margin      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 FY15 vs. FY14 
   
    
 FY14 vs. FY13 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
   


 
   Gross margin 
    
 $ 
 2,284,336 
    
    
 $ 
 2,007,481 
    
    
 $ 
 1,403,059 
    
    
 $ 
 276,855 
    
    
   
 13.8% 
    
    
 $ 
 604,422 
    
    
   
 43.1% 
    
 
   Percent of total revenue 
    
   
 43.4% 
    
    
   
 43.6% 
    
    
   
 39.0% 
    
    
   
 -0.2% 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 4.6% 
    
    
 
 
 
   The decrease in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was due primarily to a less
favorable product mix partially offset by improved factory utilization due to higher production volumes.    The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for
fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due to higher business volumes as well as a more favorable product mix. Additionally, the Novellus acquisition related inventory fair value impact and cost associated with rationalization of certain
product configurations decreased by $78 million and $15 million, respectively, in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013.    Research and Development
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 FY15 vs. FY14 
   
    
 FY14 vs. FY13 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
   
    
   
   


 
   Research & development (“R&D”) 
    
 $ 
 825,242 
    
    
 $ 
 716,471 
    
    
 $ 
 683,688 
    
    
 $ 
 108,771 
    
    
   
 15.2% 
    
    
 $ 
 32,783 
    
    
   
 4.8% 
    
 
   Percent of total revenue 
    
   
 15.7% 
    
    
   
 15.6% 
    
    
   
 19.0% 
    
    
   
 0.1% 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 -3.4% 
    
    
 
 
 
   We continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch, single-wafer clean and other
semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to a $71 million increase in salaries and benefits related to increased headcount and higher incentive
and equity compensation, a $12 million increase in supplies, a $5 million increase in depreciation and lab maintenance, and a $6 million increase in outside services.  
 The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to a $41 million increase in salaries and benefits related to
higher headcount and higher incentive and equity compensation offset by a reduction of $7 million in supplies.  
      34  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Selling, General and Administrative      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
    
 FY15 vs. FY14 
   
    
 FY14 vs. FY13 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
   


 
   Selling, general & administrative (“SG&A”) 
    
 $ 
 591,611 
    
    
 $ 
 613,341 
    
    
 $ 
 601,300 
    
    
 $ 
 (21,730 
 )  
   
   
 -3.5% 
    
    
 $ 
 12,041 
    
    
   
 2.0% 
    
 
   Percent of total revenue 
    
   
 11.2% 
    
    
   
 13.3% 
    
    
   
 16.7% 
    
    
   
 -2.1% 
    
   
 
 
 
    
   
 -3.4% 
    
    
 
 
 
   The decrease in SG&A expense during fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014 was due primarily to an $11 million decrease in
integration costs, a $9 million decrease in costs associated with rationalization of product configurations, and an $8 million decrease related to impairment of long lived assets. This decrease is offset by an $8 million increase in compensation and
benefits expense.    The increase in SG&A expense during fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was due primarily to a net increase of $11 million in
salaries, benefits and incentive compensation, $20 million increase in marketing expenses and outside services, $7 million in costs associated with rationalization of certain product configurations, $8 million of impairment of long lived assets, and
a $5 million cost related to the renewal of our Fremont and Livermore buildings’ operating leases. This increase was offset by a $34 million reduction in integration costs and a $10 million reduction in amortization of intangible assets related
to the Novellus integration.    Goodwill Impairment    Our annual goodwill
impairment analysis for fiscal year 2015 resulted in a non-cash impairment charge upon our single-wafer clean reporting unit of $79 million, extinguishing the goodwill ascribed to the reporting unit. Uncertainty surrounding future revenue growth in
certain products resulted in the estimated discounted cash flow falling below the carrying value of the goodwill balance.    Gain on Sale of Real Estate  
 During fiscal year 2014, we sold our interest in nonessential property in Palo Alto, California, resulting in $135 million in net proceeds and a realized gain of $83
million from the transaction.    Other Expense, Net    Other expense, net,
consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 19,268 
    
   
 $ 
 12,540 
    
   
 $ 
 14,737 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (73,682 
 )  
   
   
 (61,692 
 )  
   
   
 (60,408 
 )  
 
   Gains on deferred compensation plan related assets, net 
    
   
 9,071 
    
   
   
 9,559 
    
   
   
 9,764 
    
 
   Foreign exchange gains (losses), net 
    
   
 2,331 
    
   
   
 1,529 
    
   
   
 (6,808 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 (4,177 
 )  
   
   
 668 
    
   
   
 (8,698 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (47,189 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (37,396 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (51,413 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The increase in interest expense during fiscal year 2015 as compared with fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was primarily due to the $1 billion
Senior Note issuance in the March 2015 quarter.    Foreign exchange gains in fiscal year 2015 and 2014 and losses in fiscal years 2013 were related to un-hedged
portions of the balance sheet exposures.  
      35  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other, net expense realized during fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to a settlement of matters relating to certain
investment transactions. Other, net income realized during fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to a gain on the disposition of a private equity investment. Other, net expenses during fiscal year 2013 included a $4 million other-than-temporary
impairment of a public equity investment recognized during the March 2013 quarter.    Income Tax Expense (benefit)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except percentages) 
   


 
   Income tax expense (benefit) 
    
 $ 
 85,273 
    
    
 $ 
 91,074 
    
    
 $ 
 (47,221 
 )  
 
   Effective tax rate 
    
   
 11.5% 
    
    
   
 12.6% 
    
    
   
 -70.8% 
    
   The decrease in the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2015 as compared to fiscal year 2014 was primarily due to geographic mix of income
between higher and lower tax jurisdictions, and an increased federal tax benefit in fiscal year 2015 due to a retroactive reinstatement of the second half of fiscal year 2014 federal research and development tax credit in fiscal year 2015. The
increase in the effective tax rate in fiscal year 2014 as compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to the change in the level of income and geographic mix of income between higher and lower tax jurisdictions, U.S. income and applicable foreign
withholding taxes on undistributed foreign earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries for 2014, reduced tax benefit in fiscal year 2014 due to the expiration of the federal research and development tax credit as of December 31, 2013, and
tax benefits in fiscal year 2013 related to the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits due to the lapse of the statute of limitations and successful resolution of certain tax matters.  
 International revenues account for a significant portion of our total revenues, such that a material portion of our pre-tax income is earned and taxed outside the United
States at rates that are generally lower than in the United States. Please refer to Note 7 of our Consolidated Financial Statements.    Deferred Income Taxes
   Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes
and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. Our gross deferred tax assets, composed primarily of reserves and accruals that are not currently deductible and tax credit carryforwards, were $311 million
and $343 million at the end of fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. These gross deferred tax assets were offset by deferred tax liabilities of $318 million and $294 million at the end of fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively, and a valuation
allowance of $86 million and $74 million at the end of fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. The change in the gross deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities between fiscal year 2015 and 2014 is primarily due to the reclassification of
deferred tax assets as a result of the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2013-11, an accrual for future tax liabilities due to the expected repatriation of foreign earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries for 2015, and convertible debt
accretion, offset by a decrease in deferred tax liabilities related to amortization of intangible assets.    Our fiscal years 2015 and 2014 valuation allowance of $86
million and $74 million primarily relate to California and certain foreign deferred tax assets.    As of our fiscal year end of June 28, 2015, we continue to
record a valuation allowance to offset the entire California deferred tax asset balance due to the single sales factor apportionment election resulting in lower taxable income in California. We also continue to record valuation allowances on certain
foreign entities’ net operating losses.    We evaluate if the deferred tax assets are realizable on a quarterly basis and will continue to assess the need for
changes in valuation allowances, if any.  
      36  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Uncertain Tax Positions    We
re-evaluate uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, and effectively settled issues under audit. Such a change in
recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.    Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”) requires management to make certain judgments, estimates and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses
during the reporting period. We based our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believed to be applicable and evaluate them on an ongoing basis to ensure they remain reasonable under current
conditions. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates.    The significant accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements
are described in Note 2 of our Consolidated Financial Statements. Some of these significant accounting policies are considered to be critical accounting policies. A critical accounting policy is defined as one that has both a material impact on
our financial condition and results of operations and requires us to make difficult, complex, and/or subjective judgments, often regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.  
 We believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial
Statements.    Revenue Recognition:  We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred and title has passed or
services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collection of the receivable is reasonably assured, and we have received customer acceptance or are otherwise released from our customer acceptance obligations. If terms of the
sale provide for a lapsing customer acceptance period, we recognize revenue upon the expiration of the lapsing acceptance period or customer acceptance, whichever occurs first. If the practices of a customer do not provide for a written acceptance
or the terms of sale do not include a lapsing acceptance provision, we recognize revenue when it can be reliably demonstrated that the delivered system meets all of the agreed-to customer specifications. In situations with multiple deliverables, we
recognize revenue upon the delivery of the separate elements to the customer and when we receive customer acceptance or are otherwise released from our customer acceptance obligations. We allocate revenue from multiple-element arrangements among the
separate elements using their relative selling prices, based on our best estimate of selling price. Our sales arrangements do not include a general right of return. The maximum revenue recognized on a delivered element is limited to the amount that
is not contingent upon the delivery of additional items. We generally recognize revenue related to sales of spare parts and system upgrade kits upon shipment. We generally recognize revenue related to services upon completion of the services
requested by a customer order. We recognize revenue for extended maintenance service contracts with a fixed payment amount on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. When goods or services have been delivered to the customer, but all
conditions for revenue recognition have not been met, deferred revenue and deferred costs are recorded in deferred profit on our Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
 Inventory Valuation:  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using standard costs that approximate actual costs on a first-in, first-out basis.
Finished goods are reported as inventories until the point of title transfer to the customer. Unless specified in the terms of sale, title generally transfers at the physical transfer of the products to the freight carriers. Transfer of title for
shipments to Japanese customers occurs at the time of customer acceptance.    Management evaluates the need to record adjustments for impairment of inventory at least
quarterly. Our policy is to assess the valuation of all inventories including manufacturing raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods, and spare parts in each reporting period. Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management’s
estimated  
      37  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
usage requirement is written down to its estimated market value if less than cost. Estimates of market value include, but are not limited to, management’s forecasts related to our future
manufacturing schedules, customer demand, technological and/or market obsolescence, general semiconductor market conditions, and possible alternative uses. If future customer demand or market conditions are less favorable than our projections,
additional inventory write-downs may be required and would be reflected in cost of goods sold in the period in which we make the revision.    Warranty: 
Typically, the sale of semiconductor capital equipment includes providing parts and service warranties to customers as part of the overall price of the system. We provide standard warranties for our systems. We record a provision for estimated
warranty expenses to cost of sales for each system when we recognize revenue. We do not maintain general or unspecified reserves; all warranty reserves are related to specific systems. All actual or estimated parts and labor costs incurred in
subsequent periods are charged to those established reserves on a system-by-system basis.    While we periodically monitor the performance and cost of warranty
activities, if actual costs incurred are different than our estimates, we may recognize adjustments to provisions in the period in which those differences arise or are identified. In addition to the provision of standard warranties, we offer
customer-paid extended warranty services. Revenues for extended maintenance and warranty services with a fixed payment amount are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Related costs are recorded as incurred.  
 Equity-based Compensation — Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) and Employee Stock Plans:  We recognize the fair value of equity-based
compensation expense. We determine the fair value of our restricted stock units (“RSUs”), excluding market-based performance RSUs, based upon the fair market value of our common stock at the date of grant, discounted for dividends. We
estimate the fair value of our market-based performance RSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation model at the date of the grant. We estimate the fair value of our stock options and ESPP awards using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. This model
requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award. We amortize the fair value of equity-based awards over the vesting periods of the award and we have elected to use
the straight-line method of amortization.    We make quarterly assessments of the adequacy of our tax credit pool related to equity-based compensation to determine if
there are any deficiencies that we are required to recognize in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We will only recognize a benefit from equity-based compensation in paid-in-capital if we realize an incremental tax benefit after all other
tax attributes currently available to us have been utilized. In addition, we have elected to account for the indirect benefits of equity-based compensation on the research tax credit through the income statement rather than through paid-in-capital.
We have also elected to net deferred tax assets and the associated valuation allowance related to net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards for the accumulated stock award tax benefits for income tax footnote disclosure purposes. We will track
these stock award attributes separately and will only recognize these attributes through paid-in-capital.    Income Taxes : Deferred income taxes reflect the net
tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. We record a valuation allowance to
reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more-likely-than-not to be realized. Realization of our net deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income. We believe it is more-likely-than-not that such assets will be realized;
however, ultimate realization could be negatively impacted by market conditions and other variables not known or anticipated at the time. In the event that we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets,
an adjustment would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. Likewise, if we later determine that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets would be realized, then the previously provided valuation allowance
would be reversed.    We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on
the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.  
      38  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Goodwill and Intangible Assets:  The valuation of intangible assets acquired in a business combination requires the
use of management estimates including but not limited to estimating future expected cash flows from assets acquired and determining discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but
which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available.  
 Goodwill represents the amount by which the purchase price in each business combination exceeds the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets
acquired. Each component of the Company for which discrete financial information is available and for which management regularly reviews the results of operations is considered a reporting unit. All goodwill acquired in a business combination is
assigned to one or more reporting units as of the acquisition date. Goodwill is assigned to our reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. The goodwill assigned to a reporting unit is the difference between
the acquisition consideration assigned to the reporting unit on a relative fair value basis and the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities that can be specifically attributed to the reporting unit. We test goodwill and identifiable intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually. We amortize intangible assets with estimable useful lives over their respective estimated useful lives, and we review for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds its fair value.    We review goodwill at least
annually for impairment. If certain events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment tests, we will perform an impairment test at that date. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, we: (1) allocate goodwill to the
reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (2) estimate the fair value of our reporting units; and (3) determine the carrying value (book value) of those reporting units. Prior to this allocation of the assets to the reporting
units, we assess long-lived assets for impairment. Furthermore, if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, we must estimate the fair value of all identifiable assets and liabilities of that reporting unit, in a
manner similar to a purchase price allocation for an acquired business. This can require independent valuations of certain internally generated and unrecognized intangible assets such as in-process R&D and developed technology. Only after this
process is completed can the amount of goodwill impairment, if any, be determined. In our goodwill impairment process we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. We do not calculate
the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying amount. Our most recent annual goodwill impairment
analysis, which was performed as of the first day of our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, March 30, 2015, resulted in the recognition of a $79.4 million goodwill impairment charge on our single-wafer clean systems reporting unit. We did not
record any goodwill impairment in fiscal years 2014 or 2013.    The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant
judgment at many points during the analysis. We determine the fair value of our reporting units by using an income approach. Under the income approach, we determine fair value based on estimated future cash flows of each reporting unit, discounted
by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of a reporting unit and the rate of return an outside investor would expect to earn.  
 In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit, we make estimates and judgments about the future cash flows of our reporting units, including estimated growth rates
and assumptions about the economic environment. Although our cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates it is using to manage the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment involved in
determining the cash flows attributable to a reporting unit. In addition, we make certain judgments about allocating shared assets to the estimated balance sheets of our reporting units. Changes in judgment on these assumptions and estimates could
result in a goodwill impairment charge.    As a result, several factors could result in an impairment of a material amount of our goodwill balance in future periods,
including, but not limited to: (1) weakening of the global economy, weakness in the semiconductor  
      39  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
equipment industry, or our failure to reach internal forecasts, which could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted levels of cash flows and reduce the estimated discounted cash flow value
of our reporting units; and (2) a decline in our common stock price and resulting market capitalization, and to the extent we determine that the decline is sustained and indicates a reduction in the fair value of our reporting units below their
carrying value. Further, the value assigned to intangible assets, other than goodwill, is based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations such as the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. If actual product acceptance
differs significantly from the estimates, we may be required to record an impairment charge to write down the asset to its realizable value.    Recent Accounting
Pronouncements    In July 2013, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2013-11 “Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss
Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.” The new standard requires that an unrecognized tax benefit should be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward or other tax
credit carryforward when settlement in this manner is available under the tax law. We adopted this standard during the fiscal year without significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  
 In April 2014, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2014-8 “Presentation of Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment: Reporting Discontinued
Operations and Disclosure of Disposals of Components of an Entity.” The new standard re-defines discontinued operations and requires only those disposals of components of an entity, including classifications as held for sale, that represent a
strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results to be reported as discontinued operations. In addition, the new standard expands the disclosure requirements of discontinued operations. We
adopted this standard during the fiscal year without significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.    In May 2014, the FASB
released Accounting Standards Update 2014-9 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of the standard is to recognize revenues when promised goods
or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The new standard defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it is
possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include
in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. We are required to adopt this standard starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 using either of two methods: (i) retrospective to
each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within the standard; or (ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial
application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per the standard. We have not yet selected a transition method, and are in the process of determining the impact that the new standard will have on our Consolidated Financial
Statements.    In April 2015, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2015-3 “Interest — Imputation of Interest.” The amendment requires that debt
issuance costs related to recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. We are required to adopt this standard starting in the first
quarter of fiscal year 2017, we do not anticipate that adoption will have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 Liquidity and Capital Resources    Total
gross cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments balances were $4.2 billion at the end of fiscal year 2015 compared to $3.2 billion at the end of fiscal year 2014. This increase was primarily the result of
$992 million net proceeds from the March 2015 debt issuances. Approximately $2.2 billion of  
      40  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
our total cash and investments as of both June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014, was held outside the United States in our foreign subsidiaries, the majority of which is held in U.S. dollars
and, of which substantially all would be subject to tax at U.S. rates if it were to be repatriated. Refer to Note 7 of our Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8 of this report, for information concerning the potential tax impact
of repatriating earnings for certain non-U.S. subsidiaries that are permanently reinvested outside the United States.    Cash Flows from Operating Activities
   Net cash provided by operating activities of $785.5 million during fiscal year 2015 consisted of (in millions):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 655.6 
    
 
   Non-cash charges: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 277.9 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation 
    
   
 135.4 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 6.0 
    
 
   Amortization of note discounts and issuance costs 
    
   
 37.6 
    
 
   Goodwill impairment 
    
   
 79.4 
    
 
   Long-lived asset impairment 
    
   
 10.0 
    
 
   Changes in operating asset and liability accounts 
    
   
 (420.9 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 4.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 785.5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Significant changes in operating asset and liability accounts, net of foreign exchange impact, included the following uses of cash:
increases in accounts receivable of $294.2 million, inventories of $207.5 million, and prepaid expenses and other assets of $52.5 million, combined with a decrease in accrued expenses and other liabilities of $29.5 million, partially offset by the
following sources of cash: increases in accounts payable of $76.6 million and deferred profit of $86.1 million.    Cash Flows from Investing Activities  
 Net cash used for investing activities during fiscal year 2015 was $1,106.1 million, which was primarily due to net purchases of available-for-sale securities of $949.7
million, and capital expenditures of $198.3 million, partially offset by cash proceeds on the sale of business of $41.2 million.    Cash Flows from Financing
Activities    Net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal year 2015 was $378.5 million, which was primarily due to $992.2 million in proceeds from
issuance of long-term debt, partially offset by $573.2 million in treasury stock repurchases and $116.1 million of dividends paid to stockholders.    Liquidity
   Given the historical cyclical nature of the semiconductor equipment industry, we believe that maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support
sustaining levels of investment in R&D and capital infrastructure. Based upon our current business outlook, we expect that our levels of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at June 28, 2015 will be sufficient to support our
presently anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, and capital expenditures, through at least the next 12 months.    In the
longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. While we have substantial cash balances in
 
      41  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the United States and offshore, we may require additional funding and need or choose to raise the required funds through borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities. We
believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. However, given the possibility of changes in market conditions or other occurrences, there can be no certainty that
such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us.    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations  
 We have certain obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of which are recorded on our balance sheet and some of which are not. Obligations that
are recorded on our balance sheet in accordance with GAAP include our long-term debt which is outlined in the following table. Our off-balance sheet arrangements are presented as operating leases and purchase obligations in the table. Our
contractual obligations and commitments as of June 28, 2015, relating to these agreements and our guarantees are included in the following table based on their contractual maturity date. The amounts in the table below exclude $203 million of
liabilities related to uncertain tax benefits as we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate amount or time of settlement. See Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less than 1 year 
   
    
 1-3 years 
   
    
 3-5 years 
   
    
 More than 5 years 
   
    
 Sublease Income 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Operating Leases 
    
 $ 
 58,544 
    
    
 $ 
 17,593 
    
    
 $ 
 20,548 
    
    
 $ 
 10,071 
    
    
 $ 
 10,810 
    
    
 $ 
 (478 
 )  
 
   Capital Leases 
    
   
 9,077 
    
    
   
 1,630 
    
    
   
 7,300 
    
    
   
 147 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Purchase Obligations 
    
   
 193,855 
    
    
   
 189,954 
    
    
   
 1,961 
    
    
   
 1,940 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Long-term Debt and Interest Expense (1) 
    
   
 3,361,407 
    
    
   
 508,717 
    
    
   
 562,790 
    
    
   
 598,122 
    
    
   
 1,691,778 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 3,622,883 
    
    
 $ 
 717,894 
    
    
 $ 
 592,599 
    
    
 $ 
 610,280 
    
    
 $ 
 1,702,588 
    
    
 $ 
 (478 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 The conversion period for the Convertible Notes was open as of June 28, 2015 and as such the net carrying value of the Convertible Notes is included within current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The
principal balances of the Converible Notes are reflected in the payment period in the table above based on the contractual maturity assuming no conversion. See Note 14 of our Consolidate Financial Statements for additional information concerning the
Convertible Notes and associated conversion features.    Operating Leases  
 We lease most of our administrative, R&D and manufacturing facilities, regional sales/service offices and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases.
Certain of our facility leases for buildings located in Fremont and Livermore, California, and certain other facility leases provide us with an option to extend the leases for additional periods or to purchase the facilities. Certain of our facility
leases provide for periodic rent increases based on the general rate of inflation. In addition to amounts included in the table above, we have guaranteed residual values for certain of our Fremont and Livermore facility leases of up to
$250 million. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.    Capital Leases  
 Capital leases reflect building and office equipment lease obligations. The amounts in the table above include the interest portion of payment obligations.  
 Purchase Obligations    Purchase obligations consist of significant contractual
obligations either on an annual basis or over multi-year periods related to our outsourcing activities or other material commitments, including vendor-consigned inventories. The contractual cash obligations and commitments table presented above
contains our minimum obligations at June 28, 2015 under these arrangements and others. For obligations with cancellation provisions,  
      42  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the amounts included in the preceding table were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms or the minimum cancellation fee. Actual expenditures will vary based on the volume of
transactions and length of contractual service provided.    Long-Term Debt  
 In May 2011, we issued and sold $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2016 (the “2016 Notes”) at
par. At the same time, we issued and sold $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2018 (the “2018 Notes”) at par. We pay cash interest at an annual rate of 0.5% and 1.25%,
respectively, on the 2016 Notes and the 2018 Notes, on a semi-annual basis. The 2016 Notes and 2018 Notes may be converted into our Common Stock, under certain circumstances, based on a conversion rate of 16.0806 shares of our Common Stock per
$1,000 principal amount of Notes, which is equal to a conversion price of approximately $62.19 per share of our Common Stock. The conversion price will be subject to adjustment for certain corporate events, including dividends on our Common Stock.
Concurrently with the issuance of the Notes, we purchased convertible note hedges and sold warrants, which were structured to reduce the potential future economic dilution associated with the conversion of the 2016 Notes and 2018 the Notes.  
 In June 2012, with the acquisition of Novellus, we assumed $700 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.625% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2041 (the “2041
Notes,” and collectively with the 2016 Notes and the 2018 Notes, the “Convertible Notes”). We pay cash interest at an annual rate of 2.625%, on a semi-annual basis. The 2041 Notes may be converted, under certain circumstances, into
our Common Stock based on a conversion rate of 28.8585 shares of Common Stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes, which represents a conversion price of approximately $34.65 per share of Common Stock. The conversion price will be subject to
adjustment for certain events, including dividends on our Common Stock.    During the quarter-ended June 28, 2015, the market value of our Common Stock was
greater than or equal to 130% of the Convertible Notes conversion prices for 20 or more trading days of the 30 consecutive trading days preceding the quarter end. As a result, the Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the holder and are
classified as current liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets for fiscal year 2015.    On March 12, 2015, we completed a public offering of $500 million
aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due March 15, 2020 (the “2020 Notes”) and $500 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due March 15, 2025 (the “2025 Notes,” together with the 2020 Notes, the
“Senior Notes”, and collectively with the Convertible Notes, the “Notes”). We will pay interest at an annual rate of 2.75% and 3.80%, respectively, on the 2020 Notes and 2025 Notes, on a semi-annual basis on March 15 and
September 15 of each year, beginning September 15, 2015.    We may redeem the Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of
such series (“par”), plus a “make whole” premium as described in the indenture in respect to the Senior Notes and accrued and unpaid interest before February 15, 2020, for the 2020 Notes and before December 15, 2024,
for the 2025 Notes. We may redeem the Senior Notes at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest at any time on or after February 15, 2020 for the 2020 Notes and on or after December 24, 2024 for the 2025 Notes. In addition, upon the occurrence
of certain events, as described in the indenture, we will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest.  
 During fiscal year 2015, 2014, and 2013, we made $1.5 million, $1.7 million, and $2.2 million, respectively, in principal payments on long-term debt and capital leases,
respectively.    Revolving Credit Arrangements    On March 12, 2014, we
entered into a $300 million revolving unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of lenders that matures on March 12, 2019. The facility includes an option for us to, subject to certain requirements, request an increase in the facility of up to
an additional $200 million, for a potential total commitment of $500 million.  
      43  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Proceeds from the credit facility can be used for general corporate purposes. Interest on amounts borrowed under the credit facility is, at our option, based on (i) a base rate, defined as
the greatest of (a) prime rate, (b) Federal Funds rate plus 0.5%, or (c) one-month LIBOR plus 1.0%, plus a spread of 0.0% to 0.5% or (ii) LIBOR plus a spread of 0.9% to 1.5%, in each case the applicable spread is determined based
on the rating of our non-credit enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt. Principal, and any accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable upon maturity. Additionally, we will pay the lenders a quarterly commitment fee that varies based on our
rating described above. The credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants including maintaining a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio of no more than 0.5 to 1.0 and maintaining unrestricted or unencumbered cash and investments,
of no less than $1.0 billion. As of June 28, 2015, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and were in compliance with all financial covenants.  
 Other Guarantees    We have issued certain indemnifications to our lessors for
taxes and general liability under some of our agreements. We have entered into certain insurance contracts that may limit our exposure to such indemnifications. As of June 28, 2015, we had not recorded any liability on our Consolidated
Financial Statements in connection with these indemnifications, as we do not believe, based on information available, that it is probable that we will pay any amounts under these guarantees.  
 Generally, we indemnify, under pre-determined conditions and limitations, our customers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by our products or
services. We seek to limit our liability for such indemnity to an amount not to exceed the sales price of the products or services subject to our indemnification obligations. We do not believe, based on information available, that it is probable
that we will pay any material amounts under these guarantees.    We provide guarantees and standby letters of credit to certain parties as required for certain
transactions initiated during the ordinary course of business. As of June 28, 2015, the maximum potential amount of future payments that we could be required to make under these arrangements and letters of credit was $15.5 million. We do
not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid.      
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk     Investments    We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. As of June 28, 2015, our mutual funds
are classified as trading securities. Investments classified as trading securities are recorded at fair value based upon quoted market prices. Any material differences between the cost and fair value of trading securities is recognized as
“Other income (expense)” in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. All of our other short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale and consequently are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with
unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax.    Interest Rate Risk
   Fixed Income Securities    Our
investments in various interest earning securities carry a degree of market risk for changes in interest rates. At any time, a sharp rise in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on the fair value of our fixed income investment
portfolio. Conversely, declines in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on interest income for our investment portfolio. We target to maintain a conservative investment policy, which focuses on the safety and preservation of our
capital by limiting default risk, market risk, reinvestment risk, and concentration risk. The following table presents the hypothetical fair values of fixed income securities that would result from selected potential decreases and increases in
interest rates. Market changes reflect immediate hypothetical parallel shifts in  
      44  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the yield curve of plus or minus 50 basis points (“BPS”), 100 BPS, and 150 BPS. The hypothetical fair values as of June 28, 2015 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Valuation of Securities Given an Interest Rate Decrease
of X Basis Points 
   
   
 Fair
Value as of June 28, 2015 
   
   
 Valuation of Securities Given an Interest Rate Increase
of X Basis Points 
   
 
    
   
 (150 BPS) 
   
   
 (100 BPS) 
   
   
 (50 BPS) 
   
   
 0.00% 
   
   
 50 BPS 
   
   
 100 BPS 
   
   
 150 BPS 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Time Deposit 
   
 $ 
 177,567 
    
   
 $ 
 177,567 
    
   
 $ 
 177,567 
    
   
 $ 
 177,567 
    
   
 $ 
 177,567 
    
   
 $ 
 177,567 
    
   
 $ 
 177,567 
    
 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
   
   
 664,269 
    
   
   
 663,950 
    
   
   
 662,706 
    
   
   
 659,644 
    
   
   
 656,254 
    
   
   
 652,863 
    
   
   
 649,473 
    
 
   US Treasury & Agencies 
   
   
 360,447 
    
   
   
 359,598 
    
   
   
 356,415 
    
   
   
 352,223 
    
   
   
 347,915 
    
   
   
 343,611 
    
   
   
 339,307 
    
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
   
   
 54,961 
    
   
   
 54,678 
    
   
   
 54,032 
    
   
   
 53,365 
    
   
   
 52,696 
    
   
   
 52,025 
    
   
   
 51,355 
    
 
   Foreign Government Bonds 
   
   
 51,364 
    
   
   
 51,170 
    
   
   
 50,719 
    
   
   
 50,206 
    
   
   
 49,694 
    
   
   
 49,181 
    
   
   
 48,668 
    
 
   Bank and Corporate Notes 
   
   
 1,355,199 
    
   
   
 1,347,658 
    
   
   
 1,337,307 
    
   
   
 1,326,475 
    
   
   
 1,315,444 
    
   
   
 1,304,414 
    
   
   
 1,293,385 
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
   
   
 32,523 
    
   
   
 32,372 
    
   
   
 32,200 
    
   
   
 32,011 
    
   
   
 31,815 
    
   
   
 31,619 
    
   
   
 31,423 
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
   
   
 143,246 
    
   
   
 142,688 
    
   
   
 142,066 
    
   
   
 141,426 
    
   
   
 140,788 
    
   
   
 140,148 
    
   
   
 139,509 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 2,839,576 
    
   
 $ 
 2,829,681 
    
   
 $ 
 2,813,012 
    
   
 $ 
 2,792,917 
    
   
 $ 
 2,772,173 
    
   
 $ 
 2,751,428 
    
   
 $ 
 2,730,687 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   We mitigate default risk by investing in high credit quality securities and by positioning our portfolio to respond appropriately to a
significant reduction in a credit rating of any investment issuer or guarantor. The portfolio includes only marketable securities with active secondary or resale markets to achieve portfolio liquidity and maintain a prudent amount of
diversification.    Long-Term Debt    As of
June 28, 2015, we had $3.6 billion in principal amount of fixed-rate long-term debt outstanding, with a fair value of $3.9 billion. The fair value of our Notes is subject to interest rate risk, market risk, and other factors due to the
convertible feature, as applicable. Generally, the fair value of Notes will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. Additionally, the fair value of the Convertible Notes will increase as our Common Stock price increases
and decrease as our Common Stock price decreases. The interest and market value changes affect the fair value of our Notes but do not impact our financial position, cash flows, or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt
obligations. We do not carry the Notes at fair value, but present the fair value of the principal amount of our Notes for disclosure purposes.  
 Equity Price Risk  
 Publicly Traded Securities    The values of our
investments in publicly traded securities, including mutual funds related to our obligations under our deferred compensation plans, are subject to market price risk. The following table presents the hypothetical fair values of our publicly traded
securities that would result from potential decreases and increases in the price of each security in the portfolio. Potential fluctuations in the price of each security in the portfolio of plus or minus 10%, 15%, or 25% were selected based on
potential near-term changes in those security prices. The hypothetical fair values as of June 28, 2015 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Valuation of Securities Given an X% Decrease in Stock
Price 
   
    
 Fair Value as of June 28, 2015 
   
    
 Valuation of Securities Given an X% Increase in Stock
Price 
   
 
    
    
 (25%) 
   
    
 (15%) 
   
    
 (10%) 
   
    
 0.00% 
   
    
 10% 
   
    
 15% 
   
    
 25% 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Mutual Funds 
    
 $ 
 25,097 
    
    
 $ 
 28,444 
    
    
 $ 
 30,117 
    
    
   
 33,463 
    
    
 $ 
 36,809 
    
    
 $ 
 38,482 
    
    
 $ 
 41,829 
    
 
      45  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Foreign Currency Exchange (“FX”) Risk  
 We conduct business on a global basis in several major international currencies. As such, we are potentially exposed to adverse as well as beneficial movements in foreign
currency exchange rates. The majority of our revenues and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily related to revenues denominated in Japanese yen and euro-denominated
and Korean won-denominated expenses.    We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to minimize the short-term impact of foreign currency exchange rate
fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts payables and intercompany receivables and payables. In addition, we hedge certain anticipated foreign currency
cash flows, primarily on Japanese yen-denominated revenues and euro-denominated and Korean won-denominated expenses.    To protect against the reduction in value of
anticipated revenues denominated in Japanese yen and euro-denominated and Korean won-denominated expenses, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts that generally expire within 12 months, and no later than 24 months. These foreign
currency forward contracts are designated as cash flow hedges and are carried on our balance sheet at fair value, with the effective portion of the contracts’ gains or losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and
subsequently recognized in earnings in the same period the hedged revenue and/or expense is recognized. We also enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the gains and losses generated by the remeasurement of certain non-U.S.-dollar
denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts payables and intercompany receivables and payables. The change in fair value of these balance sheet hedge contracts is recorded into earnings as a
component of other income (expense), net and offsets the change in fair value of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities also recorded in other income (expense), net, assuming the hedge contract fully covers the intercompany
and trade receivable balances. The notional amount and unrealized gain of our outstanding forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges, as of June 28, 2015 are shown in the table below. This table also shows the change in fair
value of these cash flow hedges assuming a hypothetical foreign currency exchange rate movement of plus-or-minus 10 percent and plus-or-minus 15 percent.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Unrealized FX Gain / (Loss) June 28, 2015 
   
   
 Valuation of Fx Contracts Given an X% Increase (+)/Decrease(-) in Each 
   
 
    
    
    
    
    
   
 + / - (10%) 
   
    
 + / - (15%) 
   
 
   
    
   
    
 (in $ Millions) 
   


 
   Cash Flow Hedge 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Sell 
    
 Japanese Yen 
    
 $ 
 18.9 
    
    
 $ 
 2.8 
    
   
 $ 
 1.6 
    
    
 $ 
 2.4 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Korean Won 
    
 $ 
 7.3 
    
    
 ($ 
 0.1 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0.7 
    
    
 $ 
 1.1 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Euro 
    
 $ 
 34.4 
    
    
 ($ 
 0.2 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3.4 
    
    
 $ 
 5.1 
    
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 2.5 
    
   
 $ 
 5.7 
    
    
 $ 
 8.6 
    
 
      46  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The notional amount and unrealized loss of our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts that are designated as balance
sheet hedges, as of June 28, 2015 are shown in the table below. This table also shows the change in fair value of these balance sheet hedges, assuming a hypothetical foreign currency exchange rate movement of plus-or-minus 10 percent and
plus-or-minus 15 percent. These changes in fair values would be offset in other income (expense), net, by corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, assuming the hedge contract fully
covers the intercompany and trade receivable balances.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Notional Amount 
   
    
 Unrealized FX Gain / (Loss) June 28, 2015 
   
   
 Valuation of Fx Contracts Given an X% Increase (+)/Decrease(-) in Each 
   
 
    
    
    
    
    
   
 + / - (10%) 
   
    
 + / - (15%) 
   
 
   
    
   
    
 (in $ Millions) 
   


 
   Balance Sheet Hedge 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Sell 
    
 Japanese Yen 
    
 $ 
 49.9 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5.0 
    
    
 $ 
 7.5 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Korean Won 
    
 $ 
 8.9 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 0.9 
    
    
 $ 
 1.3 
    
 
   Sell 
    
 Swiss Francs 
    
 $ 
 3.3 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 0.3 
    
    
 $ 
 0.5 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Taiwan Dollar 
    
 $ 
 22.1 
    
    
 ($ 
 0.4 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2.1 
    
    
 $ 
 3.2 
    
 
   Buy 
    
 Euro 
    
 $ 
 4.0 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 0.4 
    
    
 $ 
 0.6 
    
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 ($ 
 0.4 
 )  
   
 $ 
 8.7 
    
    
 $ 
 13.1 
    
 
      47  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations — Years Ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, and June 
30, 2013 
    
   
 49 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income — Years Ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, 
and June 30, 2013 
    
   
 50 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets — June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014 
    
   
 51 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows — Years Ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, and June 
30, 2013 
    
   
 52 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity — Years Ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, 
and June 30, 2013 
    
   
 54 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 55 
    
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 89 
    
 
      48  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  (in thousands, except per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   Revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,259,312 
    
   
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
   
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
 
   Cost of goods sold 
    
   
 2,974,976 
    
   
   
 2,599,828 
    
   
   
 2,195,857 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 2,284,336 
    
   
   
 2,007,481 
    
   
   
 1,403,059 
    
 
   Research and development 
    
   
 825,242 
    
   
   
 716,471 
    
   
   
 683,688 
    
 
   Selling, general and administrative 
    
   
 591,611 
    
   
   
 613,341 
    
   
   
 601,300 
    
 
   Goodwill impairment 
    
   
 79,444 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 1,496,297 
    
   
   
 1,329,812 
    
   
   
 1,284,988 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating income 
    
   
 788,039 
    
   
   
 677,669 
    
   
   
 118,071 
    
 
   Gain on sale of real estate 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 83,090 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other expense, net 
    
   
 (47,189 
 )  
   
   
 (37,396 
 )  
   
   
 (51,413 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 740,850 
    
   
   
 723,363 
    
   
   
 66,658 
    
 
   Income tax (expense) benefit 
    
   
 (85,273 
 )  
   
   
 (91,074 
 )  
   
   
 47,221 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 655,577 
    
   
 $ 
 632,289 
    
   
 $ 
 113,879 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 4.11 
    
   
 $ 
 3.84 
    
   
 $ 
 0.67 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.70 
    
   
 $ 
 3.62 
    
   
 $ 
 0.66 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Number of shares used in per share calculations: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 159,629 
    
   
   
 164,741 
    
   
   
 168,932 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 177,067 
    
   
   
 174,503 
    
   
   
 173,430 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      49  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 655,577 
    
   
 $ 
 632,289 
    
   
 $ 
 113,879 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 (22,139 
 )  
   
   
 4,192 
    
   
   
 5,303 
    
 
   Cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized gains during the period 
    
   
 1,595 
    
   
   
 8,004 
    
   
   
 10,607 
    
 
   Net gains reclassified into earnings 
    
   
 (4,388 
 )  
   
   
 (10,892 
 )  
   
   
 (7,573 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (2,793 
 )  
   
   
 (2,888 
 )  
   
   
 3,034 
    
 
   Available-for-sale investments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net unrealized gains (losses) during the period 
    
   
 (5,389 
 )  
   
   
 1,407 
    
   
   
 (3,844 
 )  
 
   Net losses reclassified into earnings 
    
   
 71 
    
   
   
 165 
    
   
   
 4,137 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 (5,318 
 )  
   
   
 1,572 
    
   
   
 293 
    
 
   Defined benefit plans, net change in unrealized component 
    
   
 1,109 
    
   
   
 (2,838 
 )  
   
   
 (3,505 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
    
   
 (29,141 
 )  
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 5,125 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 626,436 
    
   
 $ 
 632,327 
    
   
 $ 
 119,004 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      50  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (in thousands, except per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 1,501,539 
    
   
 $ 
 1,452,677 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 2,574,947 
    
   
   
 1,612,967 
    
 
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $4,890 as of June 28, 2015 and $4,962 as of June 29, 2014 
    
   
 1,093,582 
    
   
   
 800,616 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 943,346 
    
   
   
 740,503 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
    
   
 157,435 
    
   
   
 176,899 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 6,270,849 
    
   
   
 4,783,662 
    
 
   Property and equipment, net 
    
   
 621,418 
    
   
   
 543,496 
    
 
   Restricted cash and investments 
    
   
 170,969 
    
   
   
 146,492 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,387,509 
    
   
   
 1,466,225 
    
 
   Intangible assets, net 
    
   
 728,140 
    
   
   
 894,078 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 185,763 
    
   
   
 159,353 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 9,364,648 
    
   
 $ 
 7,993,306 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Trade accounts payable 
    
 $ 
 300,203 
    
   
 $ 
 223,515 
    
 
   Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
    
   
 649,438 
    
   
   
 604,296 
    
 
   Deferred profit 
    
   
 322,070 
    
   
   
 235,923 
    
 
   Current portion of convertible notes and capital leases 
    
   
 1,359,650 
    
   
   
 518,267 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 2,631,361 
    
   
   
 1,582,001 
    
 
   Senior notes, convertible notes, and capital leases, less current portion 
    
   
 1,001,382 
    
   
   
 817,202 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 202,930 
    
   
   
 258,357 
    
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
    
   
 184,023 
    
   
   
 122,662 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 4,019,696 
    
   
   
 2,780,222 
    
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Temporary equity, convertible notes 
    
   
 241,808 
    
   
   
 183,349 
    
 
   Stockholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, at par value of $0.001 per share; authorized - 5,000 shares, none outstanding 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Commmon stock, at par value of $0.001 per share; authorized - 400,000 shares; issued and outstanding - 158,531 shares at June 28, 2015 and
162,350 shares at June 29, 2014 
    
   
 159 
    
   
   
 162 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 5,366,773 
    
   
   
 5,239,567 
    
 
   Treasury stock, at cost, 99,562 shares at June 28, 2015 and 92,867 shares at June 24, 2014 
    
   
 (4,302,847 
 )  
   
   
 (3,757,076 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (57,796 
 )  
   
   
 (28,655 
 )  
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 4,096,855 
    
   
   
 3,575,737 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ equity 
    
   
 5,103,144 
    
   
   
 5,029,735 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 9,364,648 
    
   
 $ 
 7,993,306 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      51  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 655,577 
    
   
 $ 
 632,289 
    
   
 $ 
 113,879 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 277,920 
    
   
   
 292,254 
    
   
   
 304,116 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 5,551 
    
   
   
 7,537 
    
   
   
 (70,155 
 )  
 
   Impairment of long-lived assets 
    
   
 9,821 
    
   
   
 11,632 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Impairment of investment 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,711 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
    
   
 135,354 
    
   
   
 103,700 
    
   
   
 99,330 
    
 
   Income tax benefit (expense) on equity-based compensation plans 
    
   
 11,316 
    
   
   
 5,973 
    
   
   
 (483 
 )  
 
   Excess tax (benefit) expense on equity-based compensation plans 
    
   
 (11,398 
 )  
   
   
 (6,065 
 )  
   
   
 539 
    
 
   Amortization of note discounts and issuance costs 
    
   
 37,550 
    
   
   
 35,482 
    
   
   
 33,920 
    
 
   Gain on sale of business 
    
   
 (7,431 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gain on sale of real estate 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (83,090 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Goodwill impairment 
    
   
 79,444 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 12,656 
    
   
   
 12,669 
    
   
   
 37,201 
    
 
   Changes in operating asset and liability accounts: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance 
    
   
 (294,155 
 )  
   
   
 (201,549 
 )  
   
   
 162,634 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 (207,462 
 )  
   
   
 (190,058 
 )  
   
   
 76,351 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other assets 
    
   
 (52,496 
 )  
   
   
 (11,923 
 )  
   
   
 518 
    
 
   Trade accounts payable 
    
   
 76,617 
    
   
   
 18,704 
    
   
   
 (58,081 
 )  
 
   Deferred profit 
    
   
 86,146 
    
   
   
 10,886 
    
   
   
 60,205 
    
 
   Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
    
   
 (29,507 
 )  
   
   
 78,608 
    
   
   
 (43,752 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 785,503 
    
   
   
 717,049 
    
   
   
 719,933 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures and intangible assets 
    
   
 (198,265 
 )  
   
   
 (145,503 
 )  
   
   
 (160,795 
 )  
 
   Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 (1,137 
 )  
   
   
 (30,227 
 )  
   
   
 (9,916 
 )  
 
   Purchases of available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 (3,086,808 
 )  
   
   
 (1,312,244 
 )  
   
   
 (1,097,956 
 )  
 
   Sales and maturities of available-for-sale securities 
    
   
 2,137,068 
    
   
   
 1,028,278 
    
   
   
 1,039,551 
    
 
   Purchase of other investments 
    
   
 (2,500 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Issuance (repayment) of notes receivable 
    
   
 3,978 
    
   
   
 10,000 
    
   
   
 (10,000 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of assets 
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 156,397 
    
   
   
 660 
    
 
   Proceeds from sale of business 
    
   
 41,212 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Transfer of restricted cash and investments 
    
   
 356 
    
   
   
 28,085 
    
   
   
 (181 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used for investing activities 
    
   
 (1,106,096 
 )  
   
   
 (265,214 
 )  
   
   
 (238,637 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Principal payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
    
   
 (1,515 
 )  
   
   
 (1,658 
 )  
   
   
 (2,234 
 )  
 
   Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 992,225 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Excess tax benefit (expense) on equity-based compensation plans 
    
   
 11,398 
    
   
   
 6,065 
    
   
   
 (539 
 )  
 
   Treasury stock purchases 
    
   
 (573,240 
 )  
   
   
 (244,859 
 )  
   
   
 (955,661 
 )  
 
   Dividends paid 
    
   
 (116,059 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Reissuances of treasury stock related to employee stock purchase plan 
    
   
 48,803 
    
   
   
 42,926 
    
   
   
 31,265 
    
 
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock 
    
   
 17,520 
    
   
   
 34,791 
    
   
   
 39,379 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (660 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities 
    
   
 378,472 
    
   
   
 (162,735 
 )  
   
   
 (887,790 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
      52  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
    
 
$
 
 (9,017 
 )  
   
 
$
 
 1,104 
    
    
 
$
 
 4,215 
    
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 48,862 
    
   
   
 290,204 
    
    
   
 (402,279 
 )  
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
    
   
 1,452,677 
    
   
   
 1,162,473 
    
    
   
 1,564,752 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
    
 $ 
 1,501,539 
    
   
 $ 
 1,452,677 
    
    
 $ 
 1,162,473 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Schedule of noncash transactions 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Accrued payables for stock repurchases 
    
 $ 
 3,255 
    
   
 $ 
 3,392 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Supplemental disclosures: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash payments for interest 
    
 $ 
 26,393 
    
   
 $ 
 26,489 
    
    
 $ 
 26,635 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Cash payments for income taxes, net 
    
 $ 
 114,512 
    
   
 $ 
 18,157 
    
    
 $ 
 7,695 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      53  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
  (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 Common Stock Shares 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income(Loss) 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at June 24, 2012 
   
   
 186,656 
    
   
 $ 
 187 
    
   
 $ 
 4,943,539 
    
   
 $ 
 (2,636,936 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (33,818 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,858,809 
    
   
 $ 
 5,131,781 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Sale of common stock 
   
   
 3,301 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 39,377 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 39,380 
    
 
   Purchase of treasury stock 
   
   
 (28,157 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (934,780 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (934,808 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefits on equity-based compensation plans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (483 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (483 
 )  
 
   Reissuance of treasury stock 
   
   
 1,073 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (622 
 )  
   
   
 31,886 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 31,265 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 99,310 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 99,310 
    
 
   Reclassification from temporary to permanent equity 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,423 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,423 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 113,879 
    
   
   
 113,879 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,125 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,125 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 30, 2013 
   
   
 162,873 
    
   
   
 163 
    
   
   
 5,084,544 
    
   
   
 (3,539,830 
 )  
   
   
 (28,693 
 )  
   
   
 2,972,688 
    
   
   
 4,488,872 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Sale of common stock 
   
   
 3,140 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 34,788 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 34,791 
    
 
   Purchase of treasury stock 
   
   
 (4,860 
 )  
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (253,180 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (253,185 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefits on equity-based compensation plans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,973 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 5,973 
    
 
   Reissuance of treasury stock 
   
   
 1,197 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 6,991 
    
   
   
 35,934 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 42,926 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 103,700 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 103,700 
    
 
   Reclassification from temporary to permanent equity 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,571 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,571 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 632,289 
    
   
   
 632,289 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared ($.18 per common share) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (29,240 
 )  
   
   
 (29,240 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 29, 2014 
   
   
 162,350 
    
   
   
 162 
    
   
   
 5,239,567 
    
   
   
 (3,757,076 
 )  
   
   
 (28,655 
 )  
   
   
 3,575,737 
    
   
   
 5,029,735 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Sale of common stock 
   
   
 2,876 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 17,519 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 17,523 
    
 
   Purchase of treasury stock 
   
   
 (7,638 
 )  
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (573,096 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (573,104 
 )  
 
   Income tax benefits on equity-based compensation plans 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,316 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 11,316 
    
 
   Reissuance of treasury stock 
   
   
 943 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 21,477 
    
   
   
 27,325 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 48,803 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 135,354 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 135,354 
    
 
   Reclassification to temporary from permanent equity, net 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (58,460 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (58,460 
 )  
 
   Net income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 655,577 
    
   
   
 655,577 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (29,141 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (29,141 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends declared ($.84 per common share) 
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (134,459 
 )  
   
   
 (134,459 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at June 28, 2015 
   
   
 158,531 
    
   
 $ 
 159 
    
   
 $ 
 5,366,773 
    
   
 $ 
 (4,302,847 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (57,796 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,096,855 
    
   
 $ 
 5,103,144 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      54  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 JUNE 28, 2015  
  Note 1: Company and Industry Information  
  The Company designs, manufactures, markets, refurbishes and services semiconductor processing equipment used in the fabrication of integrated circuits.
Semiconductor wafers are subjected to a complex series of process and preparation steps that result in the simultaneous creation of many individual integrated circuits. The Company leverages its expertise in the areas of deposition, etch, and
single-wafer clean to develop processing solutions that are designed to benefit its customers through lower defect rates, enhanced yields, faster processing time, and/or reduced cost.  
 The Company sells its products and services primarily to companies involved in the production of semiconductors in United States, Europe, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, China,
and Southeast Asia.    The semiconductor industry is cyclical in nature and has historically experienced periodic downturns and upturns. Today’s leading
indicators of changes in customer investment patterns, such as electronics demand, memory pricing, and foundry utilization rates, may not be any more reliable than in prior years. Demand for the Company’s equipment can vary significantly from
period to period as a result of various factors, including, but not limited to, economic conditions, supply, demand, and prices for semiconductors, customer capacity requirements, and the Company’s ability to develop and market competitive
products. For these and other reasons, the Company’s results of operations for fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013 may not necessarily be indicative of future operating results.  
  Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”), requires management to
make judgments, estimates, and assumptions that could affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its
estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be applicable, and evaluates them on an on-going basis to ensure they remain reasonable under current conditions. Actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates.    Revenue Recognition:  The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has
occurred and title has passed or services have been rendered, the selling price is fixed or determinable, collection of the receivable is reasonably assured, and the Company has received customer acceptance or is otherwise released from its customer
acceptance obligations. If terms of the sale provide for a lapsing customer acceptance period, the Company recognizes revenue upon the expiration of the lapsing acceptance period or customer acceptance, whichever occurs first. If the practices of a
customer do not provide for a written acceptance or the terms of sale do not include a lapsing acceptance provision, the Company recognizes revenue when it can be reliably demonstrated that the delivered system meets all of the agreed-to customer
specifications. In situations with multiple deliverables, the Company recognizes revenue upon the delivery of the separate elements to the customer and when the Company receives customer acceptance or is otherwise released from its customer
acceptance obligations. The Company allocates revenue from multiple-element arrangements among the separate elements using their relative selling prices based on the Company’s best estimate of selling price. The Company’s sales
arrangements do not include a general right of return. The maximum revenue recognized on a delivered element is limited to the amount that is not contingent upon the delivery of additional items. The Company generally recognizes revenue related to
sales of spare parts and system upgrade kits upon shipment. The Company generally recognizes revenue related to services upon completion of the services requested by a customer order. The Company recognizes revenue for extended maintenance service
contracts with a fixed payment amount on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. When goods or services have been delivered to the customer but all conditions for revenue recognition have not been met deferred revenue and deferred costs
are recognized in deferred profit on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.  
      55  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Inventory Valuation:  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market using standard costs that approximate
actual costs on a first-in, first-out basis. Finished goods are reported as inventories until the point of title transfer to the customer. Unless specified in the terms of sale, title generally transfers at the physical transfer of the products to
the freight carriers. Transfer of title for shipments to Japanese customers occurs at the time of customer acceptance.    Management evaluates the need to record
adjustments for impairment of inventory at least quarterly. The Company’s policy is to assess the valuation of all inventories including manufacturing raw materials, work-in-process, finished goods, and spare parts in each reporting period.
Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management’s estimated usage requirement is written down to its estimated market value if less than cost. Estimates of market value include, but are not limited to, management’s forecasts
related to the Company’s future manufacturing schedules, customer demand, technological and/or market obsolescence, general semiconductor market conditions, and possible alternative uses. If future customer demand or market conditions are less
favorable than the Company’s projections, additional inventory write-downs may be required and would be reflected in cost of goods sold in the period in which the revision is made.  
 Warranty:  Typically, the sale of semiconductor capital equipment includes providing parts and service warranties to customers as part of the overall price of the
system. The Company provides standard warranties for its systems. The Company records a provision for estimated warranty expenses to cost of sales for each system when it recognizes revenue. The Company does not maintain general or unspecified
reserves; all warranty reserves are related to specific systems. All actual or estimated parts and labor costs incurred in subsequent periods are charged to those established reserves on a system-by-system basis.  
 While the Company periodically monitors the performance and cost of warranty activities, if actual costs incurred are different than its estimates, the Company may
recognize adjustments to provisions in the period in which those differences arise or are identified. In addition to the provision of standard warranties, the Company offers customer-paid extended warranty services. Revenues for extended maintenance
and warranty services with a fixed payment amount are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. Related costs are recorded as incurred.  
 Equity-based Compensation — Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) and Employee Stock Plans:  The Company recognizes the fair value of equity-based
compensation expense. The Company determines the fair value of its restricted stock units (“RSUs”), excluding market-based performance RSUs, based upon the fair market value of Company’s common stock at the date of grant, discounted
for dividends. The Company estimates the fair value of its market-based performance RSUs using a Monte Carlo simulation model at the date of the grant. The Company estimates the fair value of its stock options and ESPP awards using a Black-Scholes
option valuation model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award. The Company amortizes the fair value of equity-based awards over the vesting
periods of the award and the Company has elected to use the straight-line method of amortization.    The Company makes quarterly assessments of the adequacy of its tax
credit pool related to equity-based compensation to determine if there are any deficiencies that it is required to recognize in the Company’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company will only recognize a benefit from
equity-based compensation in paid-in-capital if it realizes an incremental tax benefit after all other tax attributes currently available to us have been utilized. In addition, the Company has elected to account for the indirect benefits of
equity-based compensation on the research tax credit through the income statement rather than through paid-in-capital. The Company also elected to net deferred tax assets and the associated valuation allowance related to net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards for the accumulated stock award tax benefits for income tax footnote disclosure purposes. The Company tracks these stock award attributes separately and will only recognize these attributes through paid-in-capital.  
 Income Taxes:  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as  
      56  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
well as the tax effect of carryforwards. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax assets to the amount that is more-likely-than-not to be realized. Realization of our
net deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income. The Company believes it is more-likely-than-not that such assets will be realized; however, ultimate realization could be negatively impacted by market conditions and other variables not
known or anticipated at the time. In the event that the Company determines that it would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets, an adjustment would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made.
Likewise, if the Company later determine that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets would be realized, then the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed.  
 The Company recognizes the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical
merits of the tax position. The Company’s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.  
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets:  The valuation of intangible assets acquired in a business combination requires the use of management estimates including but not
limited to estimating future expected cash flows from assets acquired and determining discount rates. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and
unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. Estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available.  
 Goodwill represents the amount by which the purchase price in each business combination exceeds the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets
acquired. Each component of the Company for which discrete financial information is available and for which management regularly reviews the results of operations is considered a reporting unit. All goodwill acquired in a business combination is
assigned to one or more reporting units as of the acquisition date. Goodwill is assigned to the Company’s reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. The goodwill assigned to a reporting unit is the
difference between the acquisition consideration assigned to the reporting unit on a relative fair value basis and the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities that can be specifically attributed to the reporting unit. The Company tests
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets with indefinite useful lives for impairment at least annually. The Company amortizes intangible assets with estimable useful lives over their respective estimated useful lives, and the Company reviews for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the intangible asset may not be recoverable and the carrying amount exceeds its fair value.  
 The Company reviews goodwill at least annually for impairment. If certain events or indicators of impairment occur between annual impairment tests, the Company would
perform an impairment test at that date. In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, the Company: (1) allocates goodwill to its reporting units to which the acquired goodwill relates; (2) estimates the fair value of its reporting
units; and (3) determines the carrying value (book value) of those reporting units. Furthermore, if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the Company must estimate the fair value of all identifiable
assets and liabilities of that reporting unit, in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation for an acquired business. This can require independent valuations of certain internally generated and unrecognized intangible assets such as in-process
R&D and developed technology. Only after this process is completed can the amount of goodwill impairment, if any, be determined. In the Company’s goodwill impairment process it first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is
necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. The Company does not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the Company determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that its fair value is less than its
carrying amount. The Company performed the most recent annual goodwill impairment analysis as of the first day of its fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015, March 30, 2015, resulted in an impairment charge on the Company’s single-wafer clean
reporting unit of approximately $79.4 million. The Company did not record any goodwill impairment in fiscal years 2014 or 2013.    The process of evaluating the
potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at many points during the analysis. The Company determines the fair value of its reporting units by using an income approach. Under the income approach, the Company
determines fair value based on estimated future cash flows  
      57  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
of each reporting unit, discounted by an estimated weighted-average cost of capital, which reflects the overall level of inherent risk of a reporting unit and the rate of return an outside
investor would expect to earn.    In estimating the fair value of a reporting unit, the Company makes estimates and judgments about the future cash flows of its
reporting units, including estimated growth rates and assumptions about the economic environment. Although the Company’s cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates it is using to manage the
underlying businesses, there is significant judgment involved in determining the cash flows attributable to a reporting unit. In addition, the Company makes certain judgments about allocating shared assets to the estimated balance sheets of its
reporting units. Changes in judgment on these assumptions and estimates could result in a goodwill impairment charge.    As a result, several factors could result in
impairment of a material amount of the Company’s goodwill balance in future periods, including, but not limited to: (1) weakening of the global economy, weakness in the semiconductor equipment industry, or failure of the Company to reach
its internal forecasts, which could impact the Company’s ability to achieve its forecasted levels of cash flows and reduce the estimated discounted cash flow value of its reporting units; and (2) a decline in the Company’s stock price
and resulting market capitalization, and to the extent the Company determines that the decline is sustained and indicates a reduction in the fair value of the Company’s reporting units below their carrying value. Further, the value assigned to
intangible assets, other than goodwill, is based on estimates and judgments regarding expectations such as the success and life cycle of products and technology acquired. If actual product acceptance differs significantly from the estimates, the
Company may be required to record an impairment charge to write down the asset to its realizable value.    The Company reviews indefinite-lived intangible assets for
an impairment annually, or when events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may be a change in circumstances, indicating the carrying value of amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable, include
a reduced future cash flow estimate, and slower growth rates in the industry segment in which the Company participates. The Company determines whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows attributable to the assets is less than their
carrying value. If the sum is less, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over their respective fair values. Fair value is determined by discounted future cash flows, appraisals or other
methods. The Company recognizes an impairment charge to the extent the present value of anticipated net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than the asset’s carrying value. The Company recognized a $4.0 million impairment charge
related to indefinite-lived intangible asset during the year ended June 29, 2014. The Company did not record an impairment charge on indefinite-lived intangible assets during the years ended June 28, 2015 or June 30, 2013.  
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets (Excluding Goodwill and indefinite-lived Intangibles):  The Company routinely considers whether indicators of impairment of
long-lived assets are present. If such indicators are present, the Company determines whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows attributable to the assets is less than their carrying value. If the sum is less, the Company recognizes
an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount of the assets over their respective fair values. Fair value is determined by discounted future cash flows, appraisals or other methods. The Company recognizes an impairment charge to the
extent the present value of anticipated net cash flows attributable to the asset are less than the asset’s carrying value. The fair value of the asset then becomes the asset’s new carrying value, which the Company depreciates over the
remaining estimated useful life of the asset. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value. The Company recorded a $9.8 million and $7.6 million impairment loss on long-lived assets during the years ended
June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014, respectively. The Company did not record any impairment loss in the year ended June 30, 2013.    Fiscal Year: 
The Company follows a 52/53-week fiscal reporting calendar, and its fiscal year ends on the last Sunday of June each year. The Company’s most recent fiscal years ended on June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, and June 30, 2013 and
included 52 weeks, 52 weeks, and 53 weeks, respectively.    Principles of Consolidation:  The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the
Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  
      58  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments:  Investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less
are considered cash equivalents. The Company also invests in certain mutual funds, which include equity and fixed income securities, related to its obligations under its deferred compensation plan, and such investments are classified as trading
securities on the consolidated balance sheets. All of the Company’s other short-term investments are classified as available-for-sale at the respective balance sheet dates. The Company accounts for its investment portfolio at fair value.
Investments classified as trading securities are recorded at fair value based upon quoted market prices. Differences between the cost and fair value of trading securities are recognized as “Other income (expense)” in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations. The investments classified as available-for-sale are recorded at fair value based upon quoted market prices, and difference between the cost and fair value of available-for-sale securities is presented as a component of
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities are charged against “Other income (expense)” when a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary. The Company considers
several factors to determine whether a loss is other-than-temporary. These factors include but are not limited to: (i) the extent to which the fair value is less than cost basis, (ii) the financial condition and near term prospects of the
issuer, (iii) the length of time a security is in an unrealized loss position and (iv) the Company’s ability to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. The Company’s
ongoing consideration of these factors could result in additional impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect its results of operation. An other-than-temporary impairment is triggered when there is an intent to sell the security,
it is more-likely-than-not that the security will be required to be sold before recovery, or the security is not expected to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. Other-than-temporary impairments attributed to credit losses are
recognized in the income statement. The specific identification method is used to determine the realized gains and losses on investments.    Allowance for Doubtful
Accounts:  The Company evaluates its allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of factors. In circumstances where specific invoices are deemed to be uncollectible, the Company provides a specific allowance for bad debt against the
amount due to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount it reasonably believes will be collected. The Company also provides allowances based on its write-off history.  
 Property and Equipment:  Property and equipment is stated at cost. Equipment is depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, generally three to five years. Furniture and fixtures are depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally five years. Software is amortized by the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets, generally three to five years. Buildings are depreciated by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, generally twenty-five years. Leasehold improvements are generally amortized by the
straight-line method over the shorter of the life of the related asset or the term of the underlying lease. Amortization of capital leases is included with depreciation expense.  
 Derivative Financial Instruments:  In the normal course of business, the Company’s financial position is routinely subjected to market risk associated with
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The Company’s policy is to mitigate the effect of these exchange rate fluctuations on certain foreign currency denominated business exposures. The Company has a policy that allows the use of
derivative financial instruments to hedge foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on forecasted revenue and expenses and net monetary assets or liabilities denominated in various foreign currencies. The Company carries derivative financial
instruments (derivatives) on the balance sheet at their fair values. The Company does not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. The Company does not believe that it is exposed to more than a nominal amount of credit risk in its
interest rate and foreign currency hedges, as counterparties are large, global and well-capitalized financial institutions. The Company’s exposures are in liquid currencies (Japanese yen, Swiss francs, euros, Taiwanese dollars, and Korean won),
so there is minimal risk that appropriate derivatives to maintain the Company’s hedging program would not be available in the future.    To hedge foreign currency
risks, the Company uses foreign currency exchange forward contracts, where possible and prudent. These forward contracts are valued using standard valuation formulas with assumptions about future foreign currency exchange rates derived from existing
exchange rates, interest rates, and other market factors.  
      59  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company considers its most current forecast in determining the level of foreign currency denominated revenue and
expenses to hedge as cash flow hedges. The Company combines these forecasts with historical trends to establish the portion of its expected volume to be hedged. The revenue and expenses are hedged and designated as cash flow hedges to protect the
Company from exposures to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. If the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that it will not occur, the related hedge gains and losses on the cash flow hedge are
reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to other income (expense), net on the consolidated statement of operations at that time.  
 Guarantees:  The Company has certain operating leases that contain provisions whereby the properties subject to the operating leases may be remarketed at lease
expiration. The Company has guaranteed to the lessor an amount approximating the lessor’s investment in the property. Also, the Company’s guarantees generally include certain indemnifications to its lessors under operating lease agreements
for environmental matters, potential overdraft protection obligations to financial institutions related to one of the Company’s subsidiaries, indemnifications to the Company’s customers for certain infringement of third-party intellectual
property rights by its products and services, and the Company’s warranty obligations under sales of its products.    Foreign Currency Translation:  The
Company’s non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate in a local currency environment, where that local currency is the functional currency, primarily generate and expend cash in their local currency. Accordingly, all balance sheet accounts of these
local functional currency subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the fiscal period-end exchange rate, and income and expense accounts are translated into U.S. dollars using average rates in effect for the period, except for costs related
to those balance sheet items that are translated using historical exchange rates. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded as cumulative translation adjustments and are a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
Translation adjustments are recorded in other income (expense), net, where the U.S. dollar is the functional currency.  
  Note 3: Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
  In July 2013, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2013-11 “Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss
Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.” The new standard requires that an unrecognized tax benefit should be presented as a reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward or other tax
credit carryforward when settlement in this manner is available under the tax law. The Company adopted this standard during the fiscal year without significant impact on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.  
 In April 2014, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2014-8 “Presentation of Financial Statements and Property, Plant and Equipment: Reporting Discontinued
Operations and Disclosure of Disposals of Components of an Entity.” The new standard re-defines discontinued operations and requires only those disposals of components of an entity, including classifications as held for sale, that represent a
strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results to be reported as discontinued operations. In addition, the new standard expands the disclosure requirements of discontinued operations. The
Company adopted this standard during the fiscal year without significant impact on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.    In May 2014, the
FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2014-9 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The core principle of the standard is to recognize revenues when promised
goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. The new standard defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, it
is possible more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing GAAP including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to
include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. The Company is required to adopt this standard starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 using either of two methods:
(i) retrospective to each prior reporting period presented with the option to elect certain practical expedients as defined within the standard; or  
      60  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
(ii) retrospective with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application and providing certain additional disclosures as defined per the
standard. The Company has not yet selected a transition method, and is in the process of determining the impact that the new standard will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  
 In April 2015, the FASB released Accounting Standards Update 2015-3 “Interest — Imputation of Interest.” The amendment requires that debt issuance costs
related to recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The Company is required to adopt this standard starting in the first
quarter of fiscal year 2017, and does not anticipate the adoption will have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements.  
  Note 4: Reclassifications  
  Certain amounts in fiscal years 2014 and 2013 financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the fiscal year 2015 presentation.  
  Note 5: Equity-Based Compensation Plans  
  The Company has stock plans that provide for grants of equity-based awards to eligible participants, including stock options and restricted stock units
(“RSUs”), of Lam Research common stock (“Common Stock”). An option is a right to purchase Common Stock at a set price. An RSU award is an agreement to issue a set number of shares of Common Stock at the time of vesting. The
Company’s options and RSU awards typically vest over a period of three years or less, although awards assumed in connection with the acquisition of Novellus Systems, Inc. (“Novellus”), have vesting terms up to four years. The Company
also has an employee stock purchase plan that allows employees to purchase its Common Stock at a discount through payroll deductions.    The Company recognized the
following equity-based compensation expense and benefits in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Equity-based compensation expense 
    
 $ 
 135,354 
    
    
 $ 
 103,700 
    
    
 $ 
 99,310 
    
 
   Income tax benefit recognized in the related to equity-based compensation 
    
 $ 
 23,660 
    
    
 $ 
 16,937 
    
    
 $ 
 17,647 
    
 
   Income tax benefit realized from the exercise and vesting of options and RSUs 
    
 $ 
 40,401 
    
    
 $ 
 31,993 
    
    
 $ 
 21,625 
    
   The estimated fair value of the Company’s equity-based awards, less expected forfeitures, is amortized over the awards’ vesting
term on a straight-line basis.    Stock Options and RSUs    The Lam Research
Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, and 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (collectively the “Stock Plans”), provide for the grant of non-qualified equity-based
 
      61  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
awards to eligible employees, consultants and advisors, and non-employee directors of the Company and its subsidiaries. A summary of stock plan transactions is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Restricted Stock Units Outstanding 
   
 
    
    
 Number of Shares 
   
   
 
 Weighted-Average Exercise 
 Price 
   
    
 Number of Shares 
   
   
 Weighted-Average Fair Market Value at Grant 
   


 
   June 24, 2012 
    
   
 3,902,077 
    
   
 $ 
 25.14 
    
    
   
 4,331,478 
    
   
 $ 
 41.01 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 288,867 
    
   
 $ 
 42.59 
    
    
   
 2,563,670 
    
   
 $ 
 38.76 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,546,028 
 )  
   
 $ 
 25.47 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Canceled 
    
   
 (73,993 
 )  
   
 $ 
 26.24 
    
    
   
 (299,079 
 )  
   
 $ 
 39.70 
    
 
   Vested restricted stock 
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 (1,754,273 
 )  
   
 $ 
 42.52 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   June 30, 2013 
    
   
 2,570,923 
    
   
 $ 
 26.87 
    
    
   
 4,841,796 
    
   
 $ 
 39.32 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 166,455 
    
   
 $ 
 51.76 
    
    
   
 2,811,602 
    
   
 $ 
 53.21 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (1,403,019 
 )  
   
 $ 
 24.75 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Canceled 
    
   
 (2,473 
 )  
   
 $ 
 30.21 
    
    
   
 (281,476 
 )  
   
 $ 
 41.16 
    
 
   Vested restricted stock 
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 (1,736,453 
 )  
   
 $ 
 40.39 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   June 29, 2014 
    
   
 1,331,886 
    
   
 $ 
 32.20 
    
    
   
 5,635,469 
    
   
 $ 
 45.83 
    
 
   Granted 
    
   
 76,659 
    
   
 $ 
 80.60 
    
    
   
 1,804,937 
    
   
 $ 
 79.74 
    
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (564,558 
 )  
   
 $ 
 31.05 
    
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
 
   Cancelled 
    
   
 (8,155 
 )  
   
 $ 
 29.32 
    
    
   
 (174,879 
 )  
   
 $ 
 50.16 
    
 
   Vested restricted stock 
    
   
 N/A 
    
   
   
 N/A 
    
    
   
 (2,311,439 
 )  
   
 $ 
 41.17 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   June 28, 2015 
    
   
 835,832 
    
   
 $ 
 37.44 
    
    
   
 4,954,088 
    
   
 $ 
 60.13 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   Outstanding and exercisable options presented by price range at June 28, 2015 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Options Exercisable 
   
 
 Range of Exercise Prices 
    
 Number of Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Remaining Life (Years) 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Number of Options Exercisable 
   
    
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price 
   


 
   $9.44-$19.05 
    
   
 130,682 
    
    
   
 0.52 
    
    
 $ 
 12.94 
    
    
   
 130,682 
    
    
 $ 
 12.94 
    
 
   $21.04-$25.60 
    
   
 89,907 
    
    
   
 0.30 
    
    
 $ 
 22.13 
    
    
   
 86,845 
    
    
 $ 
 22.08 
    
 
   $26.87-$29.68 
    
   
 193,978 
    
    
   
 0.86 
    
    
 $ 
 29.26 
    
    
   
 190,025 
    
    
 $ 
 29.32 
    
 
   $31.45-$35.68 
    
   
 30,042 
    
    
   
 0.21 
    
    
 $ 
 32.94 
    
    
   
 30,042 
    
    
 $ 
 32.94 
    
 
   $42.41-$80.60 
    
   
 391,223 
    
    
   
 2.53 
    
    
 $ 
 53.54 
    
    
   
 185,101 
    
    
 $ 
 43.58 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   $9.44-$51.76 
    
   
 835,832 
    
    
   
 4.42 
    
    
 $ 
 37.44 
    
    
   
 622,695 
    
    
 $ 
 29.29 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   As of June 28, 2015, there were a total of 5,789,920 shares subject to options and RSUs issued and outstanding under the
Company’s Stock Plans. As of June 28, 2015, there were a total of 6,572,350 shares available for future issuance under the Stock Plans.  
      62  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Stock Options    The fair value of
the Company’s stock options granted during fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, was estimated using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility
and the estimated life of each award:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 34.45% 
    
    
   
 35.28% 
    
    
   
 36.60% 
    
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.46% 
    
    
   
 1.39% 
    
    
   
 0.81% 
    
 
   Expected term (years) 
    
   
 4.80 
    
    
   
 4.78 
    
    
   
 4.79 
    
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 0.89% 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   The year-end intrinsic value relating to stock options for fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013 is presented below:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Intrinsic value - options outstanding 
    
 $ 
 37,961 
    
    
 $ 
 46,283 
    
    
 $ 
 44,919 
    
 
   Intrinsic value - options exercisable 
    
 $ 
 33,360 
    
    
 $ 
 31,653 
    
    
 $ 
 36,870 
    
 
   Intrinsic value - options exercised 
    
 $ 
 26,806 
    
    
 $ 
 41,379 
    
    
 $ 
 25,430 
    
   As of June 28, 2015, there was $2.9 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options granted and
outstanding; that expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of 2.1 years.    Restricted Stock Units  
 The fair value of the Company’s RSUs was calculated based upon the fair market value of the Company’s stock at the date of grant, discounted for dividends. As
of June 28, 2015, there was $197.6 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to all unvested RSUs granted; that expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average remaining vesting period of 2.1 years.  
 During the fiscal years 2015 and 2014, the Company issued certain RSUs with both a market condition and a service condition (market-based performance RSUs, or
“market-based PRSUs”). Based upon the terms of such awards, the number of shares that can be earned over the performance periods is based on the Company’s Common Stock price performance compared to the market price performance of the
Philadelphia Semiconductor Sector Index (“SOX”), ranging from 0% to 150% of target. The stock price performance or market price performance is measured using the closing price for the 50-trading days prior to the dates the performance
period begins and ends. The target number of shares represented by the market-based PRSUs is increased by 2% of target for each 1% that Common Stock price performance exceeds the market price performance of the SOX index. The result of the
vesting formula is rounded down to the nearest whole number. Total stockholder return is a measure of stock price appreciation in this performance period. As of June 28, 2015, 0.9 million market-based PRSUs were outstanding. These
market-based PRSUs generally vest two or three years from the grant date and require continued employment. Stock compensation expense for the market-based PRSUs was $13.5 million and $3.8 million for the years ended June 28, 2015 and
June 29, 2014, respectively. No market-based PRSUs were awarded in earlier periods.  
      63  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The fair value of the Company’s market-based PRSUs granted during fiscal years 2015 and 2014, was calculated using a
Monte Carlo simulation model at the date of the grant. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price volatility and the estimated life of each award:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   


 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 27.93% 
    
    
   
 29.27% 
    
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 1.05% 
    
    
   
 0.55% 
    
 
   Expected term (years) 
    
   
 2.98 
    
    
   
 2.67 
    
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 0.89% 
    
    
   
 —   
    
   ESPP    The 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
(the “1999 ESPP”) allows employees to designate a portion of their base compensation to be deducted and used to purchase the Company’s Common Stock at a purchase price per share of the lower of 85% of the fair market value of the
Company’s Common Stock on the first or last day of the applicable purchase period. Typically, each offering period lasts 12 months and comprises three interim purchase dates. The Plan Administrator (the Compensation Committee of the Board)
is authorized to set a limit on the number of shares a plan participant can purchase on any single plan exercise date. During fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, there was no increase to the number of shares of Lam Research Common Stock reserved for
issuance under the 1999 ESPP.    During fiscal year 2015, a total of 943,055 shares of the Company’s Common Stock were sold to employees under the 1999 ESPP. At
June 28, 2015, 7,434,523 shares were available for purchase under the 1999 ESPP.    The 1999 ESPP rights were valued using the Black-Scholes model. During fiscal
years 2015, 2014, and 2013, the 1999 ESPP was valued using the following weighted-average assumptions:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   


 
   Expected term (years) 
    
   
 0.67 
    
    
   
 0.68 
    
    
   
 0.64 
    
 
   Expected stock price volatility 
    
   
 27.60% 
    
    
   
 30.24% 
    
    
   
 32.42% 
    
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.07% 
    
    
   
 0.07% 
    
    
   
 0.15% 
    
 
   Dividend Yield 
    
   
 0.69% 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   As of June 28, 2015, there was $2.6 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the 1999 ESPP that is expected
to be recognized over a remaining vesting period of 2 months.  
      64  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Note 6: Other Income (Expense), Net  
  The significant components of other income (expense), net, were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Interest income 
    
 $ 
 19,268 
    
   
 $ 
 12,540 
    
   
 $ 
 14,737 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (73,682 
 )  
   
   
 (61,692 
 )  
   
   
 (60,408 
 )  
 
   Gains on deferred compensation plan related assets, net 
    
   
 9,071 
    
   
   
 9,559 
    
   
   
 9,764 
    
 
   Foreign exchange gains (losses), net 
    
   
 2,331 
    
   
   
 1,529 
    
   
   
 (6,808 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
    
   
 (4,177 
 )  
   
   
 668 
    
   
   
 (8,698 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 (47,189 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (37,396 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (51,413 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
  Note 7: Income Taxes  
  The components of income (loss) before income taxes were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 72,728 
    
    
 $ 
 78,076 
    
    
 $ 
 (46,392 
 )  
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 668,122 
    
    
   
 645,287 
    
    
   
 113,050 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 740,850 
    
    
 $ 
 723,363 
    
    
 $ 
 66,658 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Significant components of the provision (benefit) for income taxes attributable to income before income taxes were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Federal: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
 $ 
 16,795 
    
   
 $ 
 31,762 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,096 
 )  
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 12,115 
    
   
   
 10,692 
    
   
   
 (60,172 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 28,910 
    
   
 $ 
 42,454 
    
   
 $ 
 (61,268 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   State: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
 $ 
 1,376 
    
   
 $ 
 3,192 
    
   
 $ 
 3,332 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 158 
    
   
   
 (869 
 )  
   
   
 (6,351 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,534 
    
   
 $ 
 2,323 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,019 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Foreign: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current 
    
 $ 
 61,551 
    
   
 $ 
 49,273 
    
   
 $ 
 20,640 
    
 
   Deferred 
    
   
 (6,722 
 )  
   
   
 (2,976 
 )  
   
   
 (3,574 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 54,829 
    
   
 $ 
 46,297 
    
   
 $ 
 17,066 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes 
    
 $ 
 85,273 
    
   
 $ 
 91,074 
    
   
 $ 
 (47,221 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      65  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes, and the amounts used for income tax purposes, as well as the tax effect of carryforwards. Significant components of the Company’s net deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax carryforwards 
    
 $ 
 129,234 
    
   
 $ 
 170,028 
    
 
   Allowances and reserves 
    
   
 131,079 
    
   
   
 126,895 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation 
    
   
 21,086 
    
   
   
 18,019 
    
 
   Inventory valuation differences 
    
   
 15,167 
    
   
   
 16,257 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 13,942 
    
   
   
 12,661 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross deferred tax assets 
    
   
 310,508 
    
   
   
 343,860 
    
 
   Valuation allowance 
    
   
 (85,620 
 )  
   
   
 (74,439 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax assets 
    
   
 224,888 
    
   
   
 269,421 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Intangible Assets 
    
   
 (64,725 
 )  
   
   
 (87,329 
 )  
 
   Convertible debt 
    
   
 (130,991 
 )  
   
   
 (117,112 
 )  
 
   Temporary differences for captial assets 
    
   
 (37,635 
 )  
   
   
 (32,350 
 )  
 
   Amortization of goodwill 
    
   
 (12,502 
 )  
   
   
 (11,409 
 )  
 
   Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries 
    
   
 (66,412 
 )  
   
   
 (40,286 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (6,100 
 )  
   
   
 (5,673 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Gross deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 (318,365 
 )  
   
   
 (294,159 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax liabilities 
    
 $ 
 (93,477 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (24,738 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The change in the gross deferred tax assets, gross deferred tax liabilities and valuation allowance between fiscal year 2015 and 2014 is
primarily due to the reclassification of deferred tax assets as a result of the adoption of Accounting Standards Updated 2013-11, accrual for future tax liabilities due to the expected repatriation of foreign earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries
for 2015, and convertible debt accretion, offset by a decrease in deferred tax liabilities related to amortization of intangible assets. Realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets is based upon the weighting of available evidence,
including such factors as the recent earnings history and expected future taxable income. The Company believes it is more-likely-than-not that such deferred tax assets will be realized with the exception of $85.6 million primarily related to
California and certain foreign deferred tax assets.    The provisions related to the tax accounting for equity-based compensation prohibit the recognition of a
deferred tax asset for an excess benefit that has not yet been realized. As a result, the Company will only recognize an excess benefit from equity-based compensation in additional paid-in-capital if an incremental tax benefit is realized after all
other tax attributes currently available to us have been utilized. In addition, the Company continued to elect to account for the indirect benefits of equity-based compensation such as the research and development tax credit through the Consolidated
Statement of Operations.    At June 28, 2015, the Company had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $126.3 million. The majority of these
losses will begin to expire in fiscal year 2019, and are subject to limitations on their utilization.  
      66  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of June 28, 2015, the Company had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $36.7 million. If not
utilized, the net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal year 2016, and are subject to limitations on their utilization.    At June 28, 2015,
the Company had federal tax credit carryforwards of approximately $134.3 million, of which $19.2 million will begin to expire in fiscal year 2017 and $113.3 million will begin to expire in fiscal year 2030. The remaining balance of $1.8 million of
credits may be carried forward indefinitely. The tax benefits relating to approximately $20.3 million of federal tax credit carryforwards will be credited to additional paid-in-capital when recognized.  
 At June 28, 2015, the Company had state tax credit carryforwards of approximately $236.4 million. Substantially all state tax credit carryforwards may be carried
forward indefinitely.    At June 28, 2015, the Company had federal and state capital loss carryforwards of approximately $12.0 million, which will begin to expire
in fiscal year 2020.    At June 28, 2015, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $31.2 million, of which approximately $10.2
million may be carried forward indefinitely and $21.0 million will begin to expire in fiscal year 2016.    A reconciliation of income tax expense provided at the
federal statutory rate (35% in fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013) to actual income tax expense (benefit) is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Income tax expense computed at federal statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 259,297 
    
   
 $ 
 253,177 
    
   
 $ 
 23,332 
    
 
   State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
    
   
 (8,611 
 )  
   
   
 1,884 
    
   
   
 (13,588 
 )  
 
   Foreign income taxed at different rates 
    
   
 (175,581 
 )  
   
   
 (164,130 
 )  
   
   
 (40,255 
 )  
 
   Tax credits 
    
   
 (24,416 
 )  
   
   
 (15,650 
 )  
   
   
 (42,593 
 )  
 
   State valuation allowance, net of federal tax benefit 
    
   
 8,594 
    
   
   
 (1,707 
 )  
   
   
 11,538 
    
 
   Equity-based compensation 
    
   
 28,845 
    
   
   
 23,167 
    
   
   
 20,318 
    
 
   Other permanent differences and miscellaneous items 
    
   
 (2,855 
 )  
   
   
 (5,667 
 )  
   
   
 (5,973 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 85,273 
    
   
 $ 
 91,074 
    
   
 $ 
 (47,221 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Effective from fiscal year 2014 through June 2023, the Company has a 10 year tax ruling in Switzerland for one of its foreign
subsidiaries. In the prior years, the Company had a tax holiday in Switzerland which was effective from fiscal year 2003 through June 2013. The impact of the tax ruling decreased taxes by approximately $4.8 million, $7.4 million and $10.8 million
for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The benefit of the tax ruling on diluted earnings per share was approximately $0.03 in fiscal year 2015, $ 0.04 in fiscal year 2014 and $0.06 in fiscal year 2013.  
 Unremitted earnings of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries included in consolidated retained earnings aggregated to approximately $3.3 billion at June 28, 2015.
These earnings are indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. If these earnings were remitted to the United States, they would be subject to U.S. and foreign withholding taxes of approximately $859.0 million at current statutory rates. The
Company’s federal income tax provision includes U.S. income taxes on certain foreign-based income.    As of June 28, 2015, the total gross unrecognized tax
benefits were $363.6 million compared to $352.1 million as of June 29, 2014 and $333.1 million as of June 30, 2013. During fiscal year 2015, gross unrecognized tax benefits  
      67  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
increased by approximately $11.4 million. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate was $276.8 million, $269.4 million and $257.7 million,
as of June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013 respectively. The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Balance as of June 24, 2012 
    
 $ 
 343,837 
    
 
   Settlements and effective settlements with tax authorities 
    
   
 (3,422 
 )  
 
   Lapse of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (51,422 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 11,352 
    
 
   Decreases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 (11,281 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during current period 
    
   
 35,170 
    
 
   Tax positions assumed in Novellus transaction 
    
   
 8,880 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of June 30, 2013 
    
   
 333,114 
    
 
   Lapse of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (16,048 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 6,225 
    
 
   Decreases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 (4,182 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during current period 
    
   
 33,003 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of June 29, 2014 
    
   
 352,112 
    
 
   Settlements and effective settlements with tax authorities 
    
   
 (2,108 
 )  
 
   Lapse of statute of limitations 
    
   
 (9,376 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 3,729 
    
 
   Decreases in balances related to tax positions taken during prior periods 
    
   
 (12,615 
 )  
 
   Increases in balances related to tax positions taken during current period 
    
   
 31,810 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of June 28, 2015 
    
 $ 
 363,552 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The Company recognizes interest expense and penalties related to the above unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. The
Company had accrued $35.5 million, $29.5 million and $25.5 million cumulatively, for gross interest and penalties as of June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014 and June 30, 2013, respectively.  
 The Company is subject to audits by state and foreign tax authorities. The Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate as to when cash settlements, if any, with the
relevant taxing authorities will occur.    The Company files U.S. federal, U.S. state, and foreign income tax returns. As of June 28, 2015, tax years 2004-2014
remain subject to examination in the jurisdictions where the Company operates.    The Company is in various stages of the examinations in connection with all of its
tax audits worldwide and it is difficult to determine when these examinations will be settled. It is reasonably possible that over the next twelve-month period the Company may experience an increase or decrease in its unrecognized tax benefits. It
is not possible to determine either the magnitude or the range of any increase or decrease at this time.  
  Note 8: Net Income Per Share  
  Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
net income per share is computed using the treasury stock method,  
      68  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
for dilutive stock options, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), and Convertible Notes. The following table reconciles the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted computations
for net income per share.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   Numerator: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 655,577 
    
    
 $ 
 632,289 
    
    
 $ 
 113,879 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Denominator: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Basic average shares outstanding 
    
   
 159,629 
    
    
   
 164,741 
    
    
   
 168,932 
    
 
   Effect of potential dilutive securities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Employee stock plans 
    
   
 3,193 
    
    
   
 2,864 
    
    
   
 2,558 
    
 
   Convertible notes 
    
   
 13,530 
    
    
   
 6,898 
    
    
   
 1,940 
    
 
   Warrants 
    
   
 715 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted average shares outstanding 
    
   
 177,067 
    
    
   
 174,503 
    
    
   
 173,430 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share - basic 
    
 $ 
 4.11 
    
    
 $ 
 3.84 
    
    
 $ 
 0.67 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net income per share - diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.70 
    
    
 $ 
 3.62 
    
    
 $ 
 0.66 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   For purposes of computing diluted net income per share, weighted-average common shares do not include potentially dilutive securities
that are anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. The following potentially dilutive securities were excluded:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Number of options and RSUs excluded 
    
   
 330 
    
    
   
 78 
    
    
   
 534 
    
   Diluted shares outstanding include the effect of the Convertible Notes. Diluted shares outstanding do not include any effect resulting
from note hedges associated with the Company’s 2016 or 2018 Notes (as described in Note 14) as their impact would have been anti-dilutive.  
  Note 9: Financial Instruments  
  Fair Value    The Company
defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and
liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact, and it considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or
liability.    A fair value hierarchy has been established that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The level of an asset or
liability in the hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories:  
 Level 1: Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities with sufficient volume and frequency of transactions.  
      69  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Level 2: Valuations based on observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active, or model-derived valuations techniques for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be corroborated by, observable market data for substantially the full term of the
assets or liabilities.    Level 3: Valuations based on unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets
or liabilities and based on non-binding, broker-provided price quotes and may not have been corroborated by observable market data.    The Company’s primary
financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash and investments, long-term investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable, long-term debt and capital leases, and foreign currency related
derivatives. The estimated fair value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximates their carrying value due to the short period of time to their maturities. The estimated fair values of capital lease
obligations approximate their carrying value as the substantial majority of these obligations have interest rates that adjust to market rates on a periodic basis. Refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding the fair value of the Company’s Convertible Notes and Senior Notes.    Investments  
 The following table sets forth the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash and investments, and other assets measured at fair value
on a recurring basis as of June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 June 28, 2015 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (Reported Within) 
   
 
    
   
 Cost 
   
   
 Unrealized Gain 
   
   
 Unrealized (Loss) 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
   
 Short-Term Investments 
   
   
   Restricted Cash & 
 Investments 
   
   
 Other Assets 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Cash 
   
 $ 
 276,663 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 276,663 
    
   
 $ 
 271,452 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,211 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Level 1: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Time Deposit 
   
   
 177,567 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 177,567 
    
   
   
 44,738 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 132,829 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Money Market Funds 
   
   
 1,177,875 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,177,875 
    
   
   
 1,177,875 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   US Treasury and Agencies 
   
   
 349,009 
    
   
   
 72 
    
   
   
 (861 
 )  
   
   
 348,220 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 315,291 
    
   
   
 32,929 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Mutual Funds 
   
   
 30,584 
    
   
   
 2,926 
    
   
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 33,463 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 33,463 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Level 1 Total 
   
 $ 
 1,735,035 
    
   
 $ 
 2,998 
    
   
 $ 
 (908 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,737,125 
    
   
 $ 
 1,222,613 
    
   
 $ 
 315,291 
    
   
 $ 
 165,758 
    
   
 $ 
 33,463 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Level 2: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
   
   
 659,550 
    
   
   
 429 
    
   
   
 (335 
 )  
   
   
 659,644 
    
   
   
 7,474 
    
   
   
 652,170 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   US Treasuries and Agencies 
   
   
 4,007 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 4,003 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 4,003 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
   
   
 53,612 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 (249 
 )  
   
   
 53,365 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 53,365 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Foreign Government Bonds 
   
   
 50,336 
    
   
   
 31 
    
   
   
 (161 
 )  
   
   
 50,206 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 50,206 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Corporate Notes and Bonds 
   
   
 1,329,587 
    
   
   
 685 
    
   
   
 (3,797 
 )  
   
   
 1,326,475 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,326,475 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
   
   
 32,231 
    
   
   
 72 
    
   
   
 (292 
 )  
   
   
 32,011 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 32,011 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
   
   
 141,988 
    
   
   
 44 
    
   
   
 (606 
 )  
   
   
 141,426 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 141,426 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Level 2 Total 
   
 $ 
 2,271,311 
    
   
 $ 
 1,263 
    
   
 $ 
 (5,444 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,267,130 
    
   
 $ 
 7,474 
    
   
 $ 
 2,259,656 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 4,283,009 
    
   
 $ 
 4,261 
    
   
 $ 
 (6,352 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,280,918 
    
   
 $ 
 1,501,539 
    
   
 $ 
 2,574,947 
    
   
 $ 
 170,969 
    
   
 $ 
 33,463 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      70  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 (Reported Within) 
   
 
    
   
 Cost 
   
   
 Unrealized Gain 
   
   
 Unrealized (Loss) 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
   
   
 Short-Term Investments 
   
   
   Restricted 
 Cash &   Investments 
   
   
 Other Assets 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Cash 
   
 $ 
 285,031 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 285,031 
    
   
 $ 
 279,126 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 5,905 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Level 1: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Time Deposit 
   
   
 132,549 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 132,549 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 132,549 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Money Market Funds 
   
   
 1,168,261 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 1,168,261 
    
   
   
 1,168,261 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   US Treasury and Agencies 
   
   
 212,436 
    
   
   
 178 
    
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 212,587 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 204,549 
    
   
   
 8,038 
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Mutual Funds 
   
   
 18,784 
    
   
   
 2,974 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 21,758 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 21,758 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Level 1 Total 
   
 $ 
 1,532,030 
    
   
 $ 
 3,152 
    
   
 $ 
 (27 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,535,155 
    
   
 $ 
 1,168,261 
    
   
 $ 
 204,549 
    
   
 $ 
 140,587 
    
   
 $ 
 21,758 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Level 2: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
   
   
 334,329 
    
   
   
 1,108 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 335,433 
    
   
   
 5,290 
    
   
   
 330,143 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
   
   
 27,666 
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 27,692 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 27,692 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Foreign Government Bonds 
   
   
 35,438 
    
   
   
 57 
    
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 35,467 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 35,467 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Corporate Notes and Bonds 
   
   
 874,540 
    
   
   
 2,034 
    
   
   
 (335 
 )  
   
   
 876,239 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 876,239 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
   
   
 27,067 
    
   
   
 59 
    
   
   
 (182 
 )  
   
   
 26,944 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 26,944 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
   
   
 112,642 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
   
 (809 
 )  
   
   
 111,933 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 111,933 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Level 2 Total 
   
 $ 
 1,411,682 
    
   
 $ 
 3,399 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,373 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,413,708 
    
   
 $ 
 5,290 
    
   
 $ 
 1,408,418 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 3,228,743 
    
   
 $ 
 6,551 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,400 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,233,894 
    
   
 $ 
 1,452,677 
    
   
 $ 
 1,612,967 
    
   
 $ 
 146,492 
    
   
 $ 
 21,758 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company accounts for its investment portfolio at fair value. Realized gains (losses) for investment sales are specifically
identified. Management assesses the fair value of investments in debt securities that are not actively traded through consideration of interest rates and their impact on the present value of the cash flows to be received from the investments. The
Company also considers whether changes in the credit ratings of the issuer could impact the assessment of fair value. Net realized gains (losses) on investments included other-than-temporary impairment charges of $3.7 million in fiscal year 2013.
There were no other-than-temporary impairment charges in fiscal year 2015 or 2014. Additionally, gross realized gains/(losses) from sales of investments were $2.8 million and $(2.1) million in fiscal year 2015, $1.5 million and $(2.0) million in
fiscal year 2014, and $1.6 million and $(1.5) million in fiscal year 2013, respectively.  
      71  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following is an analysis of the Company’s cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and
investments in unrealized loss positions:     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
 
   
    
 Unrealized Losses Less Than 12 Months 
   
   
 Unrealized Losses 12 Months or Greater 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
    
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Loss 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Loss 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Gross Unrealized Loss 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Municipal Notes and Bonds 
    
 $ 
 272,388 
    
    
 $ 
 (335 
 )  
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 272,388 
    
    
 $ 
 (335 
 )  
 
   US Treasury & Agencies 
    
   
 296,237 
    
    
   
 (865 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 296,237 
    
    
   
 (865 
 )  
 
   Retail Funds 
    
   
 3,532 
    
    
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 3,532 
    
    
   
 (47 
 )  
 
   Government-Sponsored Enterprises 
    
   
 49,184 
    
    
   
 (249 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 49,184 
    
    
   
 (249 
 )  
 
   Foreign Government Bonds 
    
   
 34,882 
    
    
   
 (161 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
   
   
 34,882 
    
    
   
 (161 
 )  
 
   Corporate Notes and Bonds 
    
   
 889,064 
    
    
   
 (3,750 
 )  
   
   
 16,586 
    
    
   
 (47 
 )  
   
   
 905,650 
    
    
   
 (3,797 
 )  
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Residential 
    
   
 20,913 
    
    
   
 (196 
 )  
   
   
 2,190 
    
    
   
 (96 
 )  
   
   
 23,103 
    
    
   
 (292 
 )  
 
   Mortgage Backed Securities - Commercial 
    
   
 100,388 
    
    
   
 (431 
 )  
   
   
 19,729 
    
    
   
 (175 
 )  
   
   
 120,117 
    
    
   
 (606 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,666,588 
    
    
 $ 
 (6,034 
 )  
   
 $ 
 38,505 
    
    
 $ 
 (318 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,705,093 
    
    
 $ 
 (6,352 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The amortized cost and fair value of cash equivalents, short-term investments, and restricted cash and investments with contractual
maturities are as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Cost 
   
    
 Estimated Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Due in one year or less 
    
 $ 
 1,651,592 
    
    
 $ 
 1,651,673 
    
 
   Due after one year through five years 
    
   
 1,944,674 
    
    
   
 1,940,529 
    
 
   Due in more than five years 
    
   
 379,496 
    
    
   
 378,590 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,975,762 
    
    
 $ 
 3,970,792 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Management has the ability, if necessary, to liquidate any of its cash equivalents and short-term investments in order to meet the
Company’s liquidity needs in the next 12 months. Accordingly, those investments with contractual maturities greater than one year from the date of purchase nonetheless are classified as short-term on the accompanying Consolidated Balance
Sheets.    Derivative Instruments and Hedging  
 The Company carries derivative financial instruments (“derivatives”) on its Consolidated Balance Sheets at their fair values. The Company enters into
foreign currency forward contracts with financial institutions with the primary objective of reducing volatility of earnings and cash flows related to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. The counterparties to these foreign currency forward
contracts are large global financial institutions that the Company believes are creditworthy, and therefore, it does not consider the risk of counterparty nonperformance to be material.  
 Cash Flow Hedges    The Company’s financial position is routinely subjected
to market risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on non-US dollar transactions or cash flows, primarily from Japanese yen-denominated revenues  
      72  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
and euro-denominated and Korean won-denominated expenses. The Company’s policy is to mitigate the foreign exchange risk arising from the fluctuations in the value of these non-U.S. dollar
denominated transactions or cash flows through a foreign currency cash flow hedging program, using foreign currency forward contracts that generally expire within twelve months and no later than 24 months. These foreign currency forward
contracts are designated as cash flow hedges and are carried on the Company’s balance sheet at fair value with the effective portion of the contracts’ gains or losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and
subsequently recognized in revenue/expense in the same period the hedged items are recognized.    In addition, during the twelve months ended June 28, 2015, the
Company entered into and settled a series of forward-starting interest rate swap agreements, with a total notional value of $375 million, to hedge against the variability of cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate of fixed rate
debt. These instruments were designated as cash flow hedges at inception and were settled in conjunction with the issuance of debt during the three months ended March 29, 2015. The effective portion of the contracts’ loss is included in
accumulated other comprehensive (loss) and will amortize into income as the hedged item impacts earnings.    At inception and at each quarter end, hedges are tested
prospectively and retrospectively for effectiveness using regression analysis. Changes in the fair value of the forward contracts due to changes in time value are excluded from the assessment of effectiveness and are recognized in revenue or expense
in the current period. The change in time value related to these contracts was not material for all reported periods. To qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship must meet criteria relating both to the derivative instrument and the
hedged item. These criteria include identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the hedging instrument’s effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s
fair value or cash flows will be measured. There were no material gains or losses during the twelve months ended June 28, 2015 or June 29, 2014 associated with ineffectiveness or forecasted transactions that failed to occur.  
 To receive hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedge and the hedges must be tested to demonstrate an
expectation of providing highly effective offsetting changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. When derivative instruments are designated and qualify as effective cash flow hedges, the Company recognizes effective changes in the fair
value of the hedging instrument within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged exposure is realized. Consequently, with the exception of excluded time value and hedge ineffectiveness recognized, the Company’s results
of operations are not subject to fluctuation as a result of changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments. If hedges are not highly effective or if the Company does not believe that the underlying hedged forecasted transactions will occur,
the Company may not be able to account for its derivative instruments as cash flow hedges. If this were to occur, future changes in the fair values of the Company’s derivative instruments would be recognized in earnings. Additionally, related
amounts previously recorded in other comprehensive income would be reclassified to income immediately. As of June 28, 2015, the Company had losses of $2.9 million accumulated in other comprehensive income, net of tax, including, $0.2 million
gains related to foreign exchange which it expects to reclassify from other comprehensive income into earnings over the next 12 months and $3.1 million losses related to interest rate contracts which it expects to reclassify from other comprehensive
income into earnings over the next 9.7 years.    Balance Sheet Hedges    The
Company also enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge fluctuations associated with foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily third party accounts receivables, accounts payables and intercompany
receivables and payables. These foreign currency forward contracts are not designated for hedge accounting treatment. Therefore, the change in fair value of these derivatives is recorded as a component of other income (expense) and offsets the
change in fair value of the foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities, which are also recorded in other income (expense).  
      73  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of June 28, 2015, the Company had the following outstanding foreign currency forward contracts that were entered
into under its cash flow and balance sheet hedge program:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments: 
   
    
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Foreign Currency Forward Contracts 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Buy Contracts 
   
    
 Sell Contracts 
   
    
 Buy Contracts 
   
    
 Sell Contracts 
   
 
   Japanese yen 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 18,946 
    
    
 $ 
 —   
    
    
 $ 
 49,924 
    
 
   Swiss franc 
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 3,346 
    
 
   Euro 
   
   
 34,377 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 4,049 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Korean won 
   
   
 7,269 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 8,945 
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
   Taiwan dollar 
   
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 33,239 
    
    
   
 11,162 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 41,646 
    
    
 $ 
 18,946 
    
    
 $ 
 46,233 
    
    
 $ 
 64,432 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The fair value of derivatives instruments in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of June 28, 2015 and June 29,
2014 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments (Level 2) 
   
    
 Fair Value of Derivative Instruments (Level 2) 
   
 
   
    
 Asset Derivatives 
   
    
 Liability Derivatives 
   
    
 Asset Derivatives 
   
    
 Liability Derivatives 
   
 
    
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Balance Sheet Location 
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
   Balance Sheet 
 Location 
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
   Balance Sheet 
 Location 
    
 Fair Value 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Derivatives designated as hedging instrument s: 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange forward contracts 
    
 Prepaid expense and other assets 
    
 $ 
 3,388 
    
    
 Accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 957 
    
    
 Prepaid expense and other assets 
    
 $ 
 483 
    
    
 Accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 805 
    
 
   Derivatives not designated as hedging instrument s: 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange forward contracts 
    
 Prepaid expense and other assets 
    
   
 8 
    
    
 Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 960 
    
    
 Prepaid expense and other assets 
    
   
 1,109 
    
    
 Accrued liabilities 
    
   
 118 
    
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total derivatives 
    
 
    
 $ 
 3,396 
    
    
 
    
 $ 
 1,917 
    
    
 
    
 $ 
 1,592 
    
    
 
    
 $ 
 923 
    
 
 
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
     
     
   
   Under the master agreements with the respective counterparties to the Company’s foreign exchange contracts, subject to applicable
requirements, the Company is allowed to net settle transactions of the same currency with a single net amount payable by one party to the other. However, the Company has elected to present the derivative assets and derivative liabilities on a
gross basis in the Company’s balance sheet. As of June 28, 2015, the potential effect of rights of set-off associated with the above foreign exchange contracts would be an offset to both assets and liabilities by $1.9 million, resulting in
a net derivative asset of $1.5 million. As of June 29, 2014, the potential effect of rights of set-off associated with the above foreign exchange contracts would be an offset to both assets and liabilities by $0.5 million, resulting in a net
derivative asset of $1.1 million. The Company is not required to pledge, nor is the Company entitled to receive, cash collateral related to these derivative transactions.  
      74  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The effect of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, before tax, on the Company’s Consolidated
Statements of Operations was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Year Ended June 28, 2015 
   
   
 Year Ended June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
   
 
 Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized in or Reclassified into Income 
   
 Effective Portion 
   
   
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness 
   
   
 Effective Portion 
   
   
 Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness 
   
 
 Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments 
   
   
 Gain (Loss) Reconginzed in AOCI 
   
   
 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from AOCI into Income 
   
   
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income 
   
   
 Gain Recognized in AOCI 
   
   
 Gain Reclassified from AOCI into Income 
   
   
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   
   
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Foreign Exchange Contracts 
   
 Revenue 
   
 $ 
 13,678 
    
   
 $ 
 11,375 
    
   
 $ 
 258 
    
   
 $ 
 7,939 
    
   
 $ 
 9,027 
    
   
 $ 
 277 
    
 
   Foreign Exchange Contracts 
   
 Cost of goods sold 
   
   
 (6,318 
 )  
   
   
 (4,349 
 )  
   
   
 (75 
 )  
   
   
 812 
    
   
   
 2,393 
    
   
   
 (52 
 )  
 
   Foreign Exchange Contracts 
   
 Selling, general, and administrative 
   
   
 (2,579 
 )  
   
   
 (2,618 
 )  
   
   
 (39 
 )  
   
   
 318 
    
   
   
 1,087 
    
   
   
 (23 
 )  
 
   Interest Rate Contracts 
   
 Other expense, net 
   
   
 (5,071 
 )  
   
   
 (112 
 )  
   
   
 (231 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 
   
 $ 
 (290 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,296 
    
   
 $ 
 (87 
 )  
   
 $ 
 9,069 
    
   
 $ 
 12,507 
    
   
 $ 
 202 
    
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The effect of derivative instruments not designated as cash flow hedges on the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Operations was as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
   
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: 
    
 Location of Gain Recognized in Income 
    
 Gain Recognized in Income 
   
    
 Gain Recognized in Income 
   
 
   
    
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Foreign Exchange Contracts 
    
 Other income 
    
 $ 
 1,784 
    
    
 $ 
 8,205 
    
   Concentrations of Credit Risk    Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, short term investments, restricted cash and investments, trade accounts receivable, and derivative financial
instruments used in hedging activities. Cash is placed on deposit in large global financial institutions. Such deposits may be in excess of insured limits. Management believes that the financial institutions that hold the Company’s cash are
creditworthy and, accordingly, minimal credit risk exists with respect to these balances.    The Company’s over-all portfolio of available-for-sale securities
must maintain an average minimum rating of “AA-” or “Aa3” as rated by Standard and Poor’s or Moody’s Investor Services, respectively. To ensure diversification and minimize concentration, the Company’s policy
limits the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution or commercial issuer.    The Company is exposed to credit losses in the event of nonperformance
by counterparties on the foreign currency forward contracts that are used to mitigate the effect of exchange rate fluctuations and on contracts related to structured share repurchase agreements. These counterparties are large global financial
institutions and, to date, no such counterparty has failed to meet its financial obligations to the Company.    Credit risk evaluations, including trade references,
bank references and Dun & Bradstreet ratings, ae performed on all new customers and the Company monitors its customers’ financial statements and payment performance. In general, the Company does not require collateral on sales.  
      75  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  As of June 28, 2015, four customers accounted for approximately 17%, 13%, 12%, and 11% of accounts receivable. As of
June 29, 2014, four customers accounted for approximately 15%, 13%, 12%, and 12% of accounts receivable. No other customers accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable.  
  Note 10: Inventories  
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market. System shipments to Japanese customers, for which title does not
transfer until customer acceptance, are classified as finished goods inventory and carried at cost until title transfers. Inventories consist of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Raw materials 
    
 $ 
 566,645 
    
    
 $ 
 449,623 
    
 
   Work-in-process 
    
   
 141,264 
    
    
   
 126,564 
    
 
   Finished goods 
    
   
 235,437 
    
    
   
 164,316 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 943,346 
    
    
 $ 
 740,503 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  Note 11: Property and Equipment  
  Property and equipment, net, consist of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Manufacturing, engineering and office equipment 
    
 $ 
 717,788 
    
   
 $ 
 612,688 
    
 
   Computer equipment and software 
    
   
 137,623 
    
   
   
 131,184 
    
 
   Land 
    
   
 53,391 
    
   
   
 52,784 
    
 
   Buildings 
    
   
 238,631 
    
   
   
 199,544 
    
 
   Leasehold improvements 
    
   
 81,899 
    
   
   
 80,569 
    
 
   Furniture and fixtures 
    
   
 21,629 
    
   
   
 20,026 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,250,961 
    
   
   
 1,096,795 
    
 
   Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (629,543 
 )  
   
   
 (553,299 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 621,418 
    
   
 $ 
 543,496 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Depreciation expense, including amortization of capital leases, during fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, was $120.3 million, $129.1
million, and $126.5 million, respectively. During the fiscal year 2015, the Company invested $12.7 million to purchase a commercial building in Fremont, California.  
 During the fiscal year 2014, the Company recorded an $83.1 million gain on sale of real estate in the Consolidated Statement of Operations in fiscal year 2014. No
significant gains on sale were realized in fiscal year 2015 or 2013.  
  Note 12: Goodwill and Intangible Assets  
  Goodwill    The balance of
Goodwill decreased to $1.4 billion as of June 28, 2015, as compared to, $1.5 billion as of June 29, 2014. The primarily cause of the decrease was recognition of a $79.4 million impairment on the Company’s single-wafer clean reporting
unit during the quarter ended June 28, 2015. Uncertainty surrounding future revenue growth in certain products resulted in the estimated discounted cash flows falling below the carrying value of the goodwill balance. Following fiscal year
2015’s impairment, there is no remaining balance of the Company’s goodwill attributable to the single-wafer clean systems reporting unit.  
      76  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Of the $1.4 billion goodwill balance, $61.1 million is tax deductible and the remaining balance is not tax deductible due to
purchase accounting and applicable foreign law.    Intangible Assets    The
following table provides the Company’s intangible assets, other than goodwill, as of June 28, 2015:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   
   
   
   


 
   Customer relationships 
    
 $ 
 615,490 
    
    
 $ 
 (234,968 
 )  
   
 $ 
 380,522 
    
 
   Existing technology 
    
   
 643,919 
    
    
   
 (313,071 
 )  
   
   
 330,848 
    
 
   Patents 
    
   
 33,553 
    
    
   
 (26,431 
 )  
   
   
 7,122 
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 35,914 
    
    
   
 (35,366 
 )  
   
   
 548 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets subject to amortization 
    
   
 1,328,876 
    
    
   
 (609,836 
 )  
   
   
 719,040 
    
 
   Development rights 
    
   
 9,100 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 9,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets not subject to amortization 
    
   
 9,100 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 9,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 1,337,976 
    
    
 $ 
 (609,836 
 )  
   
 $ 
 728,140 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The following table provides details of the Company’s intangible assets, other than goodwill, as of June 29, 2014:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Gross 
   
    
 Accumulated Amortization 
   
   
 Net 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   
   
   
   


 
   Customer relationships 
    
 $ 
 615,618 
    
    
 $ 
 (169,162 
 )  
   
 $ 
 446,456 
    
 
   Existing technology 
    
   
 643,922 
    
    
   
 (224,246 
 )  
   
   
 419,676 
    
 
   Patents 
    
   
 32,253 
    
    
   
 (24,407 
 )  
   
   
 7,846 
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 35,270 
    
    
   
 (35,270 
 )  
   
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets subject to amortization 
    
   
 1,327,063 
    
    
   
 (453,085 
 )  
   
   
 873,978 
    
 
   In process research and development 
    
   
 11,000 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 11,000 
    
 
   Development rights 
    
   
 9,100 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 9,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Intangible assets not subject to amortization 
    
   
 20,100 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 20,100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 1,347,163 
    
    
 $ 
 (453,085 
 )  
   
 $ 
 894,078 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The Company recognized $157.7 million, $163.2 million, and $177.6 million in intangible asset amortization expense during fiscal years
2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. The Company recognized a $9.8 million impairment of existing technology during the fiscal year 2015, resulting from current market demand for the technology. The Company recognized a $4.0 million impairment of in
process research and development during fiscal year 2014, due to the cancellation of a project.  
      77  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The estimated future amortization expense of intangible assets, excluding those with indefinite lives, as of June 28,
2015 was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fiscal Year 
    
 Amount 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 156,074 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 154,122 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 152,918 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 114,846 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 49,700 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 91,380 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 719,040 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
  Note 13: Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities  
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Accrued compensation 
    
 $ 
 314,516 
    
    
 $ 
 311,054 
    
 
   Warranty reserves 
    
   
 93,209 
    
    
   
 68,324 
    
 
   Income and other taxes payable 
    
   
 39,275 
    
    
   
 93,934 
    
 
   Dividend payable 
    
   
 47,659 
    
    
   
 29,240 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 154,779 
    
    
   
 101,744 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 649,438 
    
    
 $ 
 604,296 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
  Note 14: Long Term Debt and Other Borrowings  
  Convertible Senior Notes  
 In May 2011, the Company issued and sold $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2016 (the “2016 Notes”) at
par. At the same time, the Company issued and sold $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.25% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2018 (the “2018 Notes”) at par. The Company pays cash interest at an annual rate of 0.5% and
1.25%, respectively, on the 2016 Notes and the 2018 Notes, on a semi-annual basis on May 15 and November 15 of each year.    In June 2012, with the
acquisition of Novellus, the Company assumed $700 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.625% Convertible Senior Notes due May 2041 (the “2041 Notes,” collectively with the 2016 Notes and the 2018 Notes, the “Convertible
Notes”). The Company pays cash interest at an annual rate of 2.625%, on a semi-annual basis on May 15 and November 15 of each year on the 2041 Notes. The 2041 Notes also have a contingent interest payment provision that may require
the Company to pay additional interest, up to 0.60% per year, based on certain thresholds, beginning with the semi-annual interest payment on May 15, 2021, and upon the occurrence of certain events, as outlined in the indenture governing
the 2041 Notes.    The Company separately accounts for the liability and equity components of the Convertible Notes. The initial liability components of the
Convertible Notes were valued based on the present value of the future cash flows using the Company’s borrowing rate at the date of the issuance or assumption for similar debt instruments without the conversion feature, which equals the
effective interest rate on the liability component disclosed in the following  
      78  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
table, respectively. The equity component was initially valued equal to the principle value of the notes, less the present value of the future cash flows using the Company’s borrowing rate
at the date of the issuance or assumption for similar debt instruments without a conversion feature, which equated to the initial debt discount.    Under certain
circumstances, the Convertible Notes may be converted into shares of the Company’s Common Stock. The number of shares each debenture is convertible into is based on conversion rates, disclosed in the following table. The conversion rates are
adjusted for certain corporate events, including dividends on the Company’s Common Stock. At June 28, 2015, the market value of the Company’s Common Stock was greater than 130% of the Convertible Notes conversion prices for 20 or more
of the 30 consecutive trading days preceding the quarter end. As a result, the Convertible Notes are convertible at the option of the bondholder. The carrying amount of the Convertible Notes was classified in current liabilities and a portion of the
equity component, representing the unamortized debt discount, was classified in temporary equity on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon closure of the conversion period, the 2018 and 2041 Notes not converted will be reclassified
back into noncurrent liabilities, the 2016 Notes will remain in current liabilities due to its scheduled maturity, and the temporary equity will be reclassified into permanent equity. At June 29, 2014 the 2041 Notes were convertible at the
option of the bondholder.    As of June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014, the Convertible Notes consisted of the following:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
    
   
 2016 Notes 
   
   
 2018 Notes 
   
   
   2041 
 Notes 
   
   
 2016 Notes 
   
   
 2018 Notes 
   
   
 2041 Notes 
   
 
   
   
 (in thousands, except years, percentages, conversion rate, and conversion price) 
   


 
   Carrying value, long-term 
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 419,561 
    
   
 $ 
 387,338 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
 
   Carrying value, current portion 
   
   
 435,493 
    
   
   
 402,320 
    
   
   
 520,313 
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 516,586 
    
 
   Unamortized discount 
   
   
 14,507 
    
   
   
 47,680 
    
   
   
 179,622 
    
   
   
 30,439 
    
   
   
 62,662 
    
   
   
 183,349 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Principal amount 
   
 $ 
 450,000 
    
   
 $ 
 450,000 
    
   
 $ 
 699,935 
    
   
 $ 
 450,000 
    
   
 $ 
 450,000 
    
   
 $ 
 699,935 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Carrying amount of permanent equity component, net of tax 
   
 $ 
 61,723 
    
   
 $ 
 57,215 
    
   
 $ 
 148,487 
    
   
 $ 
 76,230 
    
   
 $ 
 104,895 
    
   
 $ 
 144,760 
    
 
   Carrying amount of temporary equity component, net of tax 
   
 $ 
 14,507 
    
   
 $ 
 47,679 
    
   
 $ 
 179,622 
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 —   
    
   
 $ 
 183,349 
    
 
   Remaining amortization period (years) 
   
   
 0.9 
    
   
   
 2.9 
    
   
   
 25.9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Effective interest rate on liability component 
   
   
 4.29% 
    
   
   
 5.27% 
    
   
   
 4.28% 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair Value of Notes (Level 2) 
   
 $ 
 604,004 
    
   
 $ 
 643,500 
    
   
 $ 
 1,679,844 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Conversion rate (shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes) 
   
   
 16.0806 
    
   
   
 16.0806 
    
   
   
 28.8585 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Conversion price (per share of common stock) 
   
 $ 
 62.19 
    
   
 $ 
 62.19 
    
   
 $ 
 34.65 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   If-converted value in excess of par value 
   
 $ 
 149,598 
    
   
 $ 
 149,598 
    
   
 $ 
 973,758 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   Convertible Note Hedges and Warrants  
 Concurrent with the issuance of the 2016 Notes and 2018 Notes, the Company purchased a convertible note hedge and sold warrants. At expiration, the Company may, at its
option, elect to settle the warrants on a net share basis. As of June 28, 2015, the warrants had not been exercised and remained outstanding. The exercise price is adjusted for certain corporate events, including dividends on the Company’s
Common Stock.    In conjunction with the convertible note hedge, counterparties agreed to sell to the Company shares of Common Stock equal to the number of shares
issuable upon conversion of the 2016 Notes and 2018 Notes in full. The  
      79  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
convertible note hedge transactions will be settled in net shares and will terminate upon the earlier of the maturity date or the first day none of the respective notes remain outstanding due to
conversion or otherwise. Settlement of the convertible note hedge in net shares, based on the number of shares issued upon conversion of the 2016 and 2018 Notes, on the expiration date would result in the Company receiving net shares equivalent to
the number of shares issuable by the Company upon conversion of the 2016 Notes and 2018 Notes. The exercise price is adjusted for certain corporate events, including dividends on the Company’s Common Stock.  
 The following table presents the details of the warrants and convertible note hedge arrangements as of June 28, 2015:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 2016 Notes 
    
 2018 Notes 
 
   
    
 (shares in thousands) 


 
   Warrants: 
    
 
    
 
 
   Number of shares to be delivered upon exercise 
    
 7,236 
    
 7,236 
 
   Exercise price 
    
 $70.40 
    
 $75.10 
 
   Expiration date range 
    
 August 15 - October 21, 2016 
    
 August 15 - October 23, 2018 
 
   Convertible Note Hedge: 
    
 
    
 
 
   Number of shares available from counterparties 
    
 7,236 
    
 7,236 
 
   Exercise price 
    
 $62.19 
    
 $62.19 
   Senior Notes  
 On March 12, 2015, the Company completed a public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of the Company’s Senior Notes due March 2020 (the
“2020 Notes”) and $500 million aggregate principal amount of the Company’s Senior Notes due March 2025 (the “2025 Notes”, together with the 2020 Notes, the “Senior Notes”). The Company will pay interest at an
annual rate of 2.75% and 3.80%, respectively, on the 2020 Notes and 2025 Notes, on a semi-annual basis on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning September 15, 2015.  
 The Company may redeem the Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such series (“par”), plus a “make whole”
premium as described in the indenture in respect of the Senior Notes and accrued and unpaid interest before February 15, 2020, for the 2020 Notes and before December 15, 2024, for the 2025 Notes. The Company may redeem the Senior Notes at
par, plus accrued and unpaid interest at any time on or after February 15, 2020 for the 2020 Notes and on or after December 24, 2024 for the 2025 Notes. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events, as described in the indenture, the
Company will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest.  
 As of June 28, 2015 the Senior Notes consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
 
    
    
 2020 Notes 
   
    
 2025 Notes 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except years) 
   


 
   Carrying value, long-term 
    
 $ 
 497,053 
    
    
 $ 
 496,907 
    
 
   Unamortized discount 
    
   
 2,947 
    
    
   
 3,093 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Principal amount 
    
 $ 
 500,000 
    
    
 $ 
 500,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Remaining amortization period (years) 
    
   
 4.7 
    
    
   
 9.7 
    
 
   Fair Value of Notes (Level 2) 
    
 $ 
 497,805 
    
    
 $ 
 492,945 
    
 
      80  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Interest Cost  
 The following table presents the amount of interest cost recognized relating to both the contractual interest coupon and amortization of the debt discount, issuance
costs, and effective portion of interest rate contracts with respect to the Senior Notes and the Convertible Notes during the twelve months ended June 29, 2015, June 28, 2014, and June 30, 2013.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Twelve Months Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Contractual interest coupon 
    
 $ 
 36,074 
    
    
 $ 
 26,248 
    
    
 $ 
 26,248 
    
 
   Amortization of interest discount 
    
   
 34,886 
    
    
   
 33,065 
    
    
   
 31,560 
    
 
   Amortization of issuance costs 
    
   
 2,435 
    
    
   
 2,362 
    
    
   
 2,362 
    
 
   Amortization of interest rate contract 
    
   
 113 
    
    
   
 —   
    
    
   
 —   
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total interest cost recognized 
    
 $ 
 73,508 
    
    
 $ 
 61,675 
    
    
 $ 
 60,170 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Revolving Credit Facility  
 On March 12, 2014, the Company entered into a $300 million revolving unsecured credit facility with a syndicate of lenders. The facility matures on March 12,
2019. The facility includes an option, subject to certain requirements, for the Company to request an increase in the facility of up to an additional $200 million, for a potential total commitment of $500 million. Proceeds from the credit facility
can be used for general corporate purposes.    Interest on amounts borrowed under the credit facility is, at the Company’s option, based on (i) a base rate,
defined as the greatest of (a) prime rate, (b) Federal Funds rate plus 0.5%, or (c) one-month LIBOR plus 1.0%, plus a spread of 0.0% to 0.5%, or (ii) LIBOR plus a spread of 0.9% to 1.5%, in each case as the applicable spread is
determined based on the rating of the Company’s non-credit enhanced, senior unsecured long-term debt. Principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due and payable upon maturity. Additionally, the Company will pay the lenders a quarterly
commitment fee that varies based on the Company’s rating described above. The credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants including maintaining a total consolidated indebtedness to consolidated capitalization ratio of no more than
0.5 to 1.0 and maintaining unrestricted or unencumbered cash and investments of no less than $1.0 billion. As of June 28, 2015, the Company had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and was in compliance with all financial
covenants.  
      81  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Contractual Obligations  
 The Company’s contractual cash obligations relating to its Convertible Notes and other long-term debt as of June 28, 2015 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Long-term Debt 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016* 
    
 $ 
 1,599,935 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 —   
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 —   
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 —   
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 500,000 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 500,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 2,599,935 
    
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
    
   
 1,599,935 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 1,000,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
         
 
 
 * 
 As noted above, the conversion periods for the Convertible Notes are open as of June 28, 2015. As there is the potential for conversion at the option of the holder, the principal balance of the 2018 and 2041 Notes
have been included in the one year payment period. As of August 6, 2015, none of the Convertible Notes have been converted during fiscal year 2015 or 2014.  
  Note 15: Retirement and Deferred Compensation Plans  
  Employee Savings and Retirement Plan    The Company maintains a
401(k) retirement savings plan for its eligible employees in the United States. Each participant in the plan may elect to contribute from 1% to 75% of annual eligible earnings to the plan, subject to statutory limitations. The Company makes matching
employee contributions in cash to the plan at the rate of 50% of the first 6% of earnings contributed. Employees participating in the 401(k) retirement savings plan are fully vested in the Company matching contributions, and investments are directed
by participants. The Company made matching contributions of $11.8 million, $10.2 million, and $8.7 million, in fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.  
 Deferred Compensation Arrangements    The Company has an unfunded, non-qualified
deferred compensation plan whereby certain executives may defer a portion of their compensation. Participants earn a return on their deferred compensation based on their allocation of their account balance among various mutual funds. The
Company controls the investment of these funds and the participants remain general creditors of the Company. Participants are able to elect the payment of benefits on a specified date at least three years after the opening of a deferral subaccount
or upon retirement. Distributions are made in the form of lump sum or annual installments over a period of up to 20 years as elected by the participant. If no alternate election has been made, a lump sum payment will be made upon termination of a
participant’s employment with the Company. As of June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014 the liability of the Company to the plan participants was $113.4 million and $93.8 million, respectively, which was recorded in accrued expenses and
other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014 the Company had investments in the aggregate amount of $138.9 million and $116.7 million, respectively, which correlate to the deferred
compensation obligations, which were recorded in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
      82  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Postretirement Healthcare Plan  
 The Company maintains a postretirement healthcare plan for certain executive and director retirees. Coverage continues through the duration of the lifetime of the retiree
or the retiree’s spouse, whichever is longer. The benefit obligation was $30.2 million and $29.0 million as of June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014, respectively.  
  Note 16: Commitments and Contingencies  
  The Company has certain obligations to make future payments under various contracts, some of these are recorded on its balance sheet and some are not.
Obligations that are recorded on the Company’s balance sheet include the Company’s capital lease obligations. Obligations that are not recorded on the Company’s balance sheet include contractual relationships for operating leases,
purchase obligations, and certain guarantees. The Company’s commitments relating to capital leases and off-balance sheet agreements are included in the tables below. These amounts exclude $202.9 million of liabilities related to uncertain tax
benefits because the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate amount or time of settlement. See Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.  
 Capital Leases    Capital leases reflect building and office equipment leases.
The Company’s contractual cash obligations relating to its existing capital leases, including interest, as of June 28, 2015 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Capital Leases 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 1,630 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 7,223 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 77 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 77 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 70 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 9,077 
    
 
   Interest on capital leases 
    
   
 131 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Current portion of capital leases 
    
   
 1,524 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Long-term portion of capital leases 
    
 $ 
 7,422 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Operating Leases and Related Guarantees    The
Company leases the majority of its administrative, R&D and manufacturing facilities, regional sales/service offices and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. Certain of the Company’s facility leases for buildings located
at its Fremont, California headquarters and certain other facility leases provide the Company with options to extend the leases for additional periods or to purchase the facilities. Certain of the Company’s facility leases provide for periodic
rent increases based on the general rate of inflation. The Company’s rental expense for facilities occupied during fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013 was approximately $15 million, $12 million, and $14 million, respectively.  
 The Company has operating leases regarding certain improved properties in Fremont and Livermore, California (the “Operating Leases”). The Company is required
to maintain cash collateral in an aggregate of approximately $132.5 million in separate interest-bearing accounts, and marketable securities collateral in an aggregate of approximately $32.9 million, as security for the Company’s
obligations. These amounts are recorded with other restricted cash and investments in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 28, 2015.  
      83  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  During the term of the Operating Leases and when the terms of the Operating Leases expire, the property subject to those
Operating Leases may be remarketed. The Company has guaranteed to the lessor that each property will have a certain minimum residual value. The aggregate guarantee made by the Company under the Operating Leases is generally no more than
$219.0 million; however, under certain default circumstances, the guarantee with regard to an Operating Lease may be 100% of the lessor’s aggregate investment in the applicable property, which in no case will exceed $249.9 million, in the
aggregate.    The Company’s contractual cash obligations with respect to operating leases, excluding the residual value guarantees discussed above, as of
June 28, 2015 were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Operating Leases 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 17,593 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 14,004 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 6,544 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 5,223 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 4,847 
    
 
   thereafter 
    
   
 10,811 
    
 
   Less: Sublease Income 
    
   
 (478 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 58,544 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Other Guarantees    The Company has issued
certain indemnifications to its lessors for taxes and general liability under some of its agreements. The Company has entered into insurance contracts that are intended to limit its exposure to such indemnifications. As of June 28, 2015, the
Company had not recorded any liability on its Consolidated Financial Statements in connection with these indemnifications, as it does not believe that it is probable that any amounts will be paid under these guarantees.  
 Generally, the Company indemnifies, under pre-determined conditions and limitations, its customers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by the
Company’s products or services. The Company seeks to limit its liability for such indemnity to an amount not to exceed the sales price of the products or services subject to its indemnification obligations. The Company does not believe that it
is probable that any material amounts will be paid under these guarantees.    The Company provides guarantees and standby letters of credit to certain parties as
required for certain transactions initiated during the ordinary course of business. As of June 28, 2015, the maximum potential amount of future payments that the Company could be required to make under these arrangements and letters of credit
was $15.5 million. The Company does not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is probable that any amounts will be required to be paid.  
 Purchase Obligations    Purchase obligations consist of non-cancelable
significant contractual obligations either on an annual basis or over multi-year periods. The contractual cash obligations and commitments table presented below contains the Company’s minimum obligations at June 28, 2015 under these
arrangements and others. For obligations with cancellation provisions, the amounts included in the following table were limited to the non-cancelable portion of the agreement terms or the minimum cancellation fee. Actual expenditures will vary based
on the volume of transactions and length of contractual service provided.  
      84  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The Company’s commitments related to these agreements as of June 28, 2015 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Purchase Obligations 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Payments due by period: 
    
 
 
 
 
   2016 
    
 $ 
 189,955 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 980 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 980 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 970 
    
 
   2020 
    
   
 970 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 193,855 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Warranties    The Company provides standard
warranties on its systems. The liability amount is based on actual historical warranty spending activity by type of system, customer, and geographic region, modified for any known differences such as the impact of system reliability improvements.
   Changes in the Company’s product warranty reserves were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 69,385 
    
   
 $ 
 58,078 
    
 
   Warranties issued during the period 
    
   
 119,119 
    
   
   
 87,922 
    
 
   Settlements made during the period 
    
   
 (100,196 
 )  
   
   
 (80,280 
 )  
 
   Changes in liability for pre-existing warranties 
    
   
 4,901 
    
   
   
 3,665 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of period 
    
 $ 
 93,209 
    
   
 $ 
 69,385 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Legal Proceedings    While the Company is not
currently a party to any legal proceedings that it believes material, the Company is either a defendant or plaintiff in various actions that have arisen from time to time in the normal course of business, including intellectual property claims. The
Company accrues for a liability when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to
whether a loss is reasonably estimable. To the extent there is a reasonable possibility that the losses could exceed the amounts already accrued, the Company believes that the amount of any such additional loss would be immaterial to the
Company’s business, financial condition, and results of operations.  
  Note 17: Stock Repurchase Program  
  On April 29, 2014, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $850 million of Common Stock. These repurchases can be conducted on
the open market or as private purchases and may include the use of derivative contracts with large financial institutions, in all cases subject to compliance with applicable law. Repurchases are funded using the Company’s on-shore cash and
on-shore cash generation. This repurchase program has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.  
      85  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Repurchases under the repurchase program were as follows during the periods indicated:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Repurchased 
   
    
 Total Cost of Repurchase 
   
    
 Average Price Paid Per Share* 
   
    
 Amount Available Under Repurchase Program 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
   


 
   Available balance as of June 29, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 830,895 
    
 
   Quarter ended September 28, 2014 
    
   
 3,818 
    
    
 $ 
 296,721 
    
    
 $ 
 70.01 
    
    
 $ 
 534,174 
    
 
   Quarter ended December 28, 2014 
    
   
 869 
    
    
 $ 
 45,694 
    
    
 $ 
 77.31 
    
    
 $ 
 488,480 
    
 
   Quarter ended March 29, 2015 
    
   
 1,434 
    
    
 $ 
 112,477 
    
    
 $ 
 78.45 
    
    
 $ 
 376,003 
    
 
   Quarter ended June 28, 2015 
    
   
 754 
    
    
 $ 
 59,416 
    
    
 $ 
 78.80 
    
    
 $ 
 316,587 
    
     
 
 
 * 
 Average price paid per share excludes accelerated share repurchases for which cost was incurred during the September 2014 quarter, but that did not settle until the December 2014 quarter. See the section below for
discussion regarding average price associated with the transaction.    In addition to shares repurchased under the Board-authorized repurchase program
shown above, the Company acquired 761,883 shares at a total cost of $58.8 million, during the twelve months ended June 28, 2015, which the Company withheld through net share settlements to cover minimum tax withholding obligations upon the
vesting of restricted stock unit awards granted under the Company’s equity compensation plans. The shares retained by the Company through these net share settlements are not a part of the Board-authorized repurchase program but instead are
authorized under the Company’s equity compensation plans.    As part of its share repurchase program, the Company may from time-to-time enter into structured
share repurchase arrangements with financial institutions using general corporate funds.    During the three months ended September 28, 2014, the Company entered
into a collared accelerated share repurchase (“ASR”) transaction under a master repurchase arrangement. Under the ASR, the Company made an up-front cash payment of $250 million, in exchange for an initial delivery of approximately
3.2 million shares of its Common Stock.    The number of shares to ultimately be repurchased by the Company was based generally on the volume-weighted average
price (“VWAP”) of the Common Stock during the term of the ASR minus a pre-determined discount set at inception of the ASR, subject to collar provisions that provided a minimum and maximum number of shares that the Company could repurchase
under the agreements. The minimum and maximum thresholds for the transaction were established based on the average of the VWAP prices for the Common Stock during an initial hedge period. The ASR was scheduled to end at any time on or after
October 8, 2014 and on or before December 8, 2014.    The counterparty designated October 9, 2014 as the termination date, at which time the Company
settled the ASR. Approximately 0.3 million shares were received at final settlement, which represented a weighted-average share price of approximately $72.90 for the transaction period.  
      86  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Note 18: Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
  The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax at the end of the period, as well as the activity during the period, were as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 Accumulated foreign currency translation adjustment 
   
   
 Accumulated unrealized holding gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 
   
   
 Accumulated unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale investments 
   
   
 Accumulated unrealized components of defined benefit plans 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Balance as of June 29, 2014 
    
 $ 
 (12,986 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (66 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,557 
    
   
 $ 
 (17,160 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (28,655 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
    
   
 (18,438 
 )  
   
   
 1,595 
    
   
   
 (5,389 
 )  
   
   
 1,109 
    
   
   
 (21,123 
 )  
 
   (Gains) losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income 
    
   
 (3,701 
 )  
   
   
 (4,388 
 )(1)  
   
   
 71 
 (2)   
   
   
 —   
    
   
   
 (8,018 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
 $ 
 (22,139 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,793 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5,318 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,109 
    
   
 $ 
 (29,141 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of June 28, 2015 
    
 $ 
 (35,125 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (2,859 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (3,761 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (16,051 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (57,796 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Amount of after tax gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into net income located in revenue: $10,136 gain, cost of goods sold: $3,704 loss, selling, general and administrative expenses: $1,974
loss, and other income and expense: $70 Loss  
 
 
 (2) 
 Amount of after tax gain reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into net income located in other expense, net  
 Tax related to the components of other comprehensive income during the period were as follows:      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
   
 June 29, 2014 
   
   
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Tax benefit (expense) on change in unrealized gains/losses on cash flow hedges: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized gains/losses arising during the period 
    
 $ 
 1,885 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,065 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,312 
 )  
 
   Tax (benefit) expense on gains/losses reclassified to earnings 
    
   
 (92 
 )  
   
   
 1,615 
    
   
   
 818 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,793 
    
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 (494 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on change in unrealized gains/losses on available-for-sale investments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized gains/losses arising during the period 
    
   
 1,796 
    
   
   
 (735 
 )  
   
   
 1,428 
    
 
   Tax (benefit) expense on gains/losses reclassified to earnings 
    
   
 31 
    
   
   
 493 
    
   
   
 (2,026 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 1,827 
    
   
   
 (242 
 )  
   
   
 (598 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on change in unrealized components of defined benefit plans 
    
   
 (871 
 )  
   
   
 1,895 
    
   
   
 586 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Tax benefit (expense) on other comprehensive income(loss) 
    
 $ 
 2,749 
    
   
 $ 
 2,203 
    
   
 $ 
 (506 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      87  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  Note 19: Segment, Geographic Information and Major Customers  
  The Company operates in one reportable business segment: manufacturing and servicing of wafer processing semiconductor manufacturing equipment. The
Company’s material operating segments qualify for aggregation due to their customer base and similarities in economic characteristics, nature of products and services, and processes for procurement, manufacturing and distribution.  
 The Company operates in seven geographic regions: United States, Europe, Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China and Southeast Asia. For geographical reporting, revenue is
attributed to the geographic location in which the customers’ facilities are located while long-lived assets are attributed to the geographic locations in which the assets are located.  
 Revenues and long-lived assets by geographic region were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended 
   
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Korea 
    
 $ 
 1,406,617 
    
    
 $ 
 1,127,406 
    
    
 $ 
 603,821 
    
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 1,084,239 
    
    
   
 1,049,214 
    
    
   
 1,026,548 
    
 
   United States 
    
   
 890,891 
    
    
   
 622,022 
    
    
   
 734,324 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 661,094 
    
    
   
 623,408 
    
    
   
 319,282 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 623,575 
    
    
   
 634,131 
    
    
   
 368,095 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 314,546 
    
    
   
 303,730 
    
    
   
 292,432 
    
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 278,350 
    
    
   
 247,398 
    
    
   
 254,414 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
 $ 
 5,259,312 
    
    
 $ 
 4,607,309 
    
    
 $ 
 3,598,916 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
    
 June 28, 2015 
   
    
 June 29, 2014 
   
    
 June 30, 2013 
   
 
   
    
 (in thousands) 
   


 
   Long-lived assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 505,814 
    
    
 $ 
 429,548 
    
    
 $ 
 484,273 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 86,779 
    
    
   
 89,221 
    
    
   
 109,934 
    
 
   Korea 
    
   
 18,230 
    
    
   
 18,776 
    
    
   
 991 
    
 
   Taiwan 
    
   
 8,908 
    
    
   
 4,259 
    
    
   
 2,953 
    
 
   China 
    
   
 960 
    
    
   
 846 
    
    
   
 2,291 
    
 
   Japan 
    
   
 378 
    
    
   
 454 
    
    
   
 680 
    
 
   Southeast Asia 
    
   
 349 
    
    
   
 392 
    
    
   
 2,788 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 621,418 
    
    
 $ 
 543,496 
    
    
 $ 
 603,910 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   In fiscal year 2015, three customers accounted for approximately 28%, 12%, and 11% of total revenues. In fiscal year 2014, three
customers accounted for approximately 23%, 15%, and 14% of total revenues. In fiscal year 2013, three customers accounted for approximately 19%, 15%, and 11% of total revenues. No other customers accounted for more than 10% of total revenues.  

      88  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
   The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lam Research Corporation  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lam Research Corporation as of June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 28, 2015. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at
Item 15(a). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.  
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
   In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Lam Research Corporation
at June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 28, 2015, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.  
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Lam Research Corporation’s internal control
over financial reporting as of June 28, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated
August 13, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP  
 San Jose, California    August 13, 2015  
      89  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Lam Research Corporation    We have audited
Lam Research Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 28, 2015, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). Lam Research Corporation’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
   We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.    In our opinion, Lam Research Corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 28,
2015, based on the COSO criteria.    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the 2015
Consolidated Financial Statements of Lam Research Corporation and our report dated August 13, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.    /s/
ERNST & YOUNG LLP    San Jose, California    August 13, 2015  
      90  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
 None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures      Design of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting    We maintain disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over final reporting that are
designed to comply with Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the controls and procedures associated with each, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and that the effectiveness of controls cannot be absolute because the cost to design and implement a control to identify errors or mitigate the risk of errors occurring should
not outweigh the potential loss caused by the errors that would likely be detected by the control. Moreover, we believe that a control system cannot be guaranteed to be 100% effective all of the time. Accordingly, a control system, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met.    Disclosure Controls and
Procedures    As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as of June 28, 2015, we
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer each concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level.  
 We intend to review and evaluate the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures on an ongoing basis and to correct any material deficiencies that
we may discover. Our goal is to ensure that our senior management has timely access to material information that could affect our business.    Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting    There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.    Management’s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting    Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate “internal control over financial reporting”, as that term
is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Controls — Integrated Framework used by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on that evaluation, management has concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 28, 2015 at
providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.  
 Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, as stated in
their report, which is included in Part II, Item 8 of this 2015 Form 10-K.    Effectiveness of Controls  
 While we believe the present design of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting is effective at the reasonable assurance
level, future events affecting our business may cause us to modify our disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls over financial reporting.      
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information      None.  
      91  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART III  
 We have omitted from this 2015 Form 10-K certain information required by Part III because we, as the Registrant, will file a definitive proxy statement with the
SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year, pursuant to Regulation 14A, as promulgated by the SEC, for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on or about November 4, 2015 (the “Proxy
Statement”), and certain information included in the Proxy Statement is incorporated into this report by reference. (However, the Reports of the Audit Committee and Compensation Committee in the Proxy Statement are expressly not incorporated by
reference into this report.)      
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance      For
information regarding our executive officers, see Part I, Item 1 of this 2015 Form 10-K under the caption “Executive Officers of the Company,” which information is incorporated into Part III by reference.  
 The information concerning our directors required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Voting Proposals —
Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors — Nominees for Directors.”    The information concerning our audit committee and audit committee financial experts
required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Governance Matters — Corporate Governance — Board Committees — Audit Committee.”  
 The information concerning compliance by our officers, directors and 10% shareholders with Section 16 of the Exchange Act required by this Item is incorporated by
reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Share Ownership – Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance.”    The Company has
adopted a Corporate Code of Ethics that applies to all employees, officers, and directors of the Company. Our Code of Ethics is publicly available on the investor relations page of our website at http://investor.lamresearch.com. To the
extent required by law, any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Ethics will promptly be disclosed to the public. To the extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, we intend to make any required public disclosure by
posting the relevant material on our website in accordance with SEC rules.      
 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation      The information required by this Item is
incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Compensation Matters — Executive Compensation and Other Information.”      
 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters    
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the headings “Voting Proposals — Proposal No. 1: Election
of Directors,” “Compensation Matters — Executive Compensation and Other Information Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Compensation Matters — Executive Compensation and Other Information
— Compensation Committee Report,” “Share Ownership — Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Compensation Matters — Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans.”      
 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence    
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the headings “Audit Matters — Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions” and “Governance Matters — Corporate Governance”.      
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services      The information required
by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement under the heading “Audit Matters — Relationship with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.”  
      92  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART IV  
   
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules        
 
 
   
 (a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K    1. Index to
Financial Statements      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations — Years Ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, and June 30, 2013 
    
   
 49 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income — Years Ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, and June 30, 2013 
    
   
 50 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets — June 28, 2015 and June 29, 2014 
    
   
 51 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows — Years Ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, and June 30, 2013 
    
   
 52 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity — Years Ended June 28, 2015, June 29, 2014, and June 30,
2013 
    
   
 54 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 55 
    
 
   Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 89 
    
 
 
 
 
   2. Index to Financial Statement Schedules 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
    
   
 96 
    
 
 
 
 
   Schedules, other than those listed above, have been omitted since they are not applicable/not required, or the information is included elsewhere herein. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   3. See (b) of this Item 15, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
   
 (b) 
 The list of Exhibits follows page 96 of this 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by this reference.  
      93  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 
 
 
 
 By 
   
   /s/ Martin B. Anstice 
 
 
   
     Martin B. Anstice 
 
 
   
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
   Dated: August 13, 2015  
      94  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  POWER OF ATTORNEY AND SIGNATURES  
 By signing this Annual Report on Form 10-K below, I hereby appoint each of Martin B. Anstice and Douglas R. Bettinger, jointly and severally, as my attorney-in-fact to
sign all amendments to this Form 10-K on my behalf, and to file this Form 10-K (including all exhibits and other related documents) with the Securities and Exchange Commission. I authorize each of my attorneys-in-fact to (1) appoint a
substitute attorney-in-fact for himself and (2) perform any actions that he believes are necessary or appropriate to carry out the intention and purpose of this Power of Attorney. I ratify and confirm all lawful actions taken directly or
indirectly by my attorneys-in-fact and by any properly appointed substitute attorneys-in-fact.    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Signatures 
    
 Title 
   
 Date 


 
 Principal Executive Officer 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Martin B. Anstice 
       Martin B. Anstice 
    
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   Principal Financial Officer and Principal 
 Accounting Officer 
    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Douglas R. Bettinger 
       Douglas R. Bettinger 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other Directors     
 /s/ Stephen G. Newberry 
       Stephen G. Newberry 
    
 Chairman 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Eric K. Brandt 
       Eric K. Brandt 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Michael R. Cannon 
       Michael R. Cannon 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Youssef A. El-Mansy 
       Youssef A. El-Mansy 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Christine Heckart 
       Christine Heckart 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Grant M. Inman 
       Grant M. Inman 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Catherine P. Lego 
       Catherine P. Lego 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Krishna Saraswat 
       Krishna Saraswat 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ William R. Spivey 
       William R. Spivey 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Abhi Talwalkar 
       Abhi Talwalkar 
    
 Director 
   
 August 13, 2015 
 
      95  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
 SCHEDULE II — VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
 (in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Additions 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Description 
    
 Balance at Beginning of Period 
   
    
 Charged to Costs and Expenses 
   
    
 Write-offs, Net of Recoveries (1) 
   
   
 Balance at End of Period 
   


 
   YEAR ENDED JUNE 28, 2015 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 4,962 
    
    
 $ 
 8 
    
    
 $ 
 (80 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,890 
    
 
   YEAR ENDED JUNE 29, 2014 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 5,448 
    
    
 $ 
 14 
    
    
 $ 
 (500 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,962 
    
 
   YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deducted from asset accounts: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 5,248 
    
    
 $ 
 200 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 5,448 
    
 
      96  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  LAM RESEARCH CORPORATION  
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K  
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 28, 2015  
 EXHIBIT INDEX      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit 
    
   Description 


 
     3.1(2) 
    
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 7, 1989; as amended by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, Dated February 28, 1990; the Certificate of Amendment dated October 28, 1993; the Certificate of Ownership and
Merger dated December 15, 1994; the Certificate of Ownership and Merger dated June 25, 1999 and the Certificate of Amendment effective as of March 7, 2000; and the Certificate of Amendment effective as of November 5, 2009. 
 
     3.2(15) 
    
 Bylaws of the Registrant, as amended and restated, dated November 7, 2014. 
 
     3.3(2) 
    
 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock dated January 30, 1997. 
 
     4.1(7) 
    
 Indenture (including Form of Notes), dated as of May 11, 2011, by and between Lam Research Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as trustee, with respect to the 2016 Notes 
 
     4.2(7) 
    
 Indenture (including Form of Notes), dated as of May 11, 2011, by and between Lam Research Corporation, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A, as trustee, with respect to the 2018 Notes 
 
     4.14(4)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation 2004 Executive Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
     4.15(27)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 
     4.16(8)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation Elective Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 
     4.17(8)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation Elective Deferred Compensation Plan II. 
 
     4.18(9) 
    
 Indenture between Novellus Systems, Inc. as Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee, dated as of May 10, 2011, including the form of 2.625% Senior Convertible Notes due 2041. 
 
     4.19(6) 
    
 Supplemental Indenture among the Registrant, as Guarantor, Novellus Systems, Inc. as Issuer and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee, dated as of June 4, 2012. 
 
     4.20(16)* 
    
 Lam Research Corporation 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended. 
 
     4.21(23) 
    
 Indenture (including Form of Notes), dated as of February 13, 2015, between Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
 
     4.22(25) 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 12, 2015, by and between Lam Research Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee 
 
   10.3(1)* 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
   10.107(3) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement—Outside Directors (U.S. Agreement) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
   10.108(3) 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement—Outside Directors (non-U.S. Agreement) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
   10.148(5)* 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
      97  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
    
   Description 


 
   10.151(6)* 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
   10.162(10)* 
    
 Form of Novellus Directors and Officers Indemnification Agreement. 
 
   10.168(11) 
    
 Lease Guaranty between Novellus and Phoenix Industrial Investment Partners, L.P. dated January 21, 2003. 
 
   10.169(12) 
    
 Binding Memorandum of Understanding between Novellus, and Applied Materials, Inc., effective as of September 3, 2004. Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
 
   10.170(13)* 
    
 Novellus Amended Executive Voluntary Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended. 
 
   10.171(14)* 
    
 Novellus Accelerated Stock Vesting Retirement Plan Summary. 
 
   10.172(17)* 
    
 Novellus Systems, Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended July 18, 2012. 
 
   10.181(18)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
   10.182(18)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
   10.183(18)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
   10.184(18)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
   10.187(18)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As Amended) 
 
   10.188(18)* 
    
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As Amended) 
 
   10.189(18)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As Amended) 
 
   10.191(18)* 
    
 Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As Amended) 
 
   10.194(18) 
    
 Participation Agreement between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.195(18) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (1 Portola Avenue Building) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.196(18) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (1 Portola Avenue Building) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.197(18) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (101 Portola Avenue Building) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.198(18) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (101 Portola Avenue Building) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.199(18) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (Fremont Building #1) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.200(18) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (Fremont Building #1) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
      98  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
    
   Description 


 
   10.201(18) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (Fremont Building #3) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.202(18) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (Fremont Building #3) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.203(18) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (Fremont Building #3E) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.204(18) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (Fremont Building #3E) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.205(18) 
    
 Amended and Restated Lease Agreement (Fremont Building #4) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.206(18) 
    
 Pledge Agreement (Fremont Building #4) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.207(18) 
    
 Construction Agency Agreement (Fremont Building #3E) between Lam Research Corporation and BTMU Capital Leasing & Finance, Inc., dated December 31, 2013 
 
   10.211(19)* 
    
 Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
   10.212(19)* 
    
 Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International Participants)—Lam Research Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
   10.213(19)* 
    
 Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (U.S. Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As Amended) 
 
   10.214(19)* 
    
 Form of Market-Based Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (International Participants) — Lam Research Corporation (Novellus Systems, Inc.) 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (As Amended) 
 
   10.221(20) 
    
 Credit Agreement dated March 12, 2014 among Lam Research Corporation and the lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, BNP Paribas, Barclays Bank PLC,
Citibank, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as co-documentation agents, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers 
 
   10.231(21)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Martin B. Anstice, dated January 13, 2015 
 
   10.232(21)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Timothy M. Archer, dated January 13, 2015 
 
   10.233(21)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Douglas R. Bettinger, dated January 13, 2015 
 
   10.234(21)* 
    
 Employment Agreement with Richard A. Gottscho, dated January 13, 2015 
 
   10.235(21)* 
    
 Form of Change in Control Agreement. 
 
   10.236(22) 
    
 Chairman’s Agreement with Stephen G. Newberry, dated January 13, 2015 
 
   10.237(22) 
    
 Form of Confidentiality Agreement 
 
   10.242(24) 
    
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated March 5, 2015 among Lam Research Corporation, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., as administrative agent 
 
   20.1(26) 
    
 Notices of Adjustment of Conversion Rate pursuant to the Indentures dated May 11, 2011, by and between Lam Research Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. as Trustee with respect to the 0.500% Senior
Convertible Notes Due 2016 and the 1.250% Senior 
      99  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Exhibit 
    
   Description 


 
 
    
 Convertible Notes Due 2018, and Notice of Adjustment of Conversion Rate pursuant to the indenture dated May 10, 2011, by and between Novellus Systems Incorporated and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust company, N.A. as Trustee with
respect to the 2.625% Senior Convertible Notes Due 2041. 
 
     21 
    
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
     23.1 
    
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
     24 
    
 Power of Attorney (See Signature page) 
 
     31.1 
    
 Rule 13a — 14(a) / 15d — 14(a) Certification (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
     31.2 
    
 Rule 13a — 14(a) / 15d — 14(a) Certification (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
     32.1 
    
 Section 1350 Certification — (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
     32.2 
    
 Section 1350 Certification — (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
   101 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
   101 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
   101 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
   101 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
   101 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
   101 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 1988 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Amendment No. 2 to its Annual Report on Form 10K/A filed on May 2, 2001, and Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 10, 2009 (SEC
File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 30, 2007 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 23, 2010 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2008 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2012 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2011 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 19, 2011 (SEC File No. 000-12933)  
 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2011 (SEC  File No. 000-17157).   
 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2002 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 5, 2003 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2004 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
      100  


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 (13) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2008 (SEC  File No. 000-17157).   
 
 
 (14) 
 Incorporated by reference to Novellus’ Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2010 (SEC File No. 000-17157).  
 
 
 (15) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 12, 2014 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (16) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 31, 2013 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (17) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 22, 2012 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (18) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 6, 2014 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (19) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2014 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (20) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 13, 2014 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (21) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2015 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (22) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 3, 2015 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (23) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on February 13, 2015 (SEC File No. 333-202110).  
 
 
 (24) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 11, 2015 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (25) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2015 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (26) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 16, 2015 (SEC File No. 000-12933).  
 
 
 (27) 
 Incorporated by reference to Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 27, 2013 (SEC File No. 000-12933)  
 
 
 * 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement in which executive officers of the Company are eligible to participate.  
      101  

 
 
 
