
 10-K
 1
 d596470d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

    
     UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549  
     FORM 10-K
   (Mark One)      
   
 
 
   
 þ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013  
  OR      
 
 
   
 ¨ 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from
                     to                     
   Commission file number 1-4448      
 


 
    Baxter International Inc.    (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 36-0781620 
 
   (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 One Baxter Parkway, Deerfield, Illinois 
   
 60015 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code 224.948.2000  
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of Each Class 
   
   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 


 
 Common stock, $1.00 par value 
   
   New York Stock Exchange   Chicago Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None  
     Indicate by check mark if the
registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes   þ     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.    Yes   ¨     No   þ   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days.    Yes   þ     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark whether registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files)    Yes   þ     No   ¨     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     þ   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  
 


 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated
filer   þ 
    
 Accelerated filer   ¨ 
 
   Non-accelerated filer   ¨ 
    
 Smaller reporting company   ¨ 
 
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 
   Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes   ¨     No   þ     The aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 28, 2013 (the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second
fiscal quarter), based on the per share closing sale price of $69.27 on that date and the assumption for the purpose of this computation only that all of the registrant’s directors and executive officers are affiliates, was approximately
$38 billion. There is no non-voting common equity held by  non-affiliates  of the registrant. The number of shares of the registrant’s common stock, $1.00 par value, outstanding as of
January 31, 2014 was 543,187,695.    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 Portions of the registrant’s definitive 2014 proxy statement for use in connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 7,
2014 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.      
       

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page Number 
   


 
   Item 1. 
    
 Business 
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1A. 
    
 Risk Factors 
    
   
 6 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 1B. 
    
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
    
   
 13 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 2. 
    
 Properties 
    
   
 13 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 3. 
    
 Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 15 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 4. 
    
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 15 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 17 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 6. 
    
 Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 19 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 7. 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 20 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 7A. 
    
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
   
 47 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 8. 
    
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 48 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9. 
    
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 106 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9A. 
    
 Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 106 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 9B. 
    
 Other Information 
    
   
 106 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 10. 
    
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 107 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 11. 
    
 Executive Compensation 
    
   
 107 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
    
   
 108 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 13. 
    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
    
   
 109 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 14. 
    
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 109 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Item 15. 
    
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 109 
    
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART I    Item 1.     Business.    Company Overview    Baxter International Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops,
manufactures and markets products that save and sustain the lives of people with hemophilia, immune disorders, infectious diseases, kidney disease, trauma, and other chronic and acute medical conditions. As a global, diversified healthcare company,
Baxter applies a unique combination of expertise in medical devices, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology to create products that advance patient care worldwide. These products are used by hospitals, kidney dialysis centers, nursing homes,
rehabilitation centers, doctors’ offices, clinical and medical research laboratories, and by patients at home under physician supervision. Baxter manufactures products in 30 countries and sells them in more than 100 countries.  
 Baxter International Inc. was incorporated under Delaware law in 1931. As used in this report, “Baxter International” means Baxter
International Inc. and “Baxter,” the “company” or the “Company” means Baxter International and its consolidated subsidiaries.    Business Segments and Products    The company operates in two segments: BioScience and
Medical Products.    The BioScience business processes recombinant and plasma-based proteins to treat hemophilia and other bleeding disorders;
plasma-based therapies to treat immune deficiencies, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, burns and shock, and other chronic and acute blood-related conditions; biosurgery products; and select vaccines.  
 The Medical Products business manufactures intravenous (IV) solutions and administration sets, premixed drugs and drug-reconstitution systems,
pre-filled vials and syringes for injectable drugs, IV nutrition products, infusion pumps, and inhalation anesthetics. The business also provides products and services related to pharmacy compounding, drug formulation and packaging technologies. In
addition, the Medical Products business provides products and services to treat end-stage renal disease, or irreversible kidney failure, along with other renal therapies, which was enhanced in 2013 through the acquisition of Gambro AB (Gambro). The
Medical Products business now offers a comprehensive portfolio to meet the needs of patients across the treatment continuum, including technologies and therapies for peritoneal dialysis (PD), in-center hemodialysis (HD), home hemodialysis (HHD),
continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) and additional dialysis services.    For financial information about Baxter’s segments and
principal product categories, see Note 16 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Sales and Distribution
   The company has its own direct sales force and also makes sales to and through independent distributors, drug wholesalers acting as sales
agents and specialty pharmacy or other alternate site providers. In the United States, third parties such as Cardinal Health, Inc. and Owens & Minor, Inc. warehouse and ship a significant portion of the company’s products through their
distribution centers. These centers are generally stocked with adequate inventories to facilitate prompt customer service. Sales and distribution methods include frequent contact by sales and customer service representatives, automated
communications via various electronic purchasing systems, circulation of catalogs and merchandising bulletins, direct-mail campaigns, trade publication presence and advertising.    International sales are made and products are distributed on a direct basis or through independent distributors or sales agents in more than 100 countries.  
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  International Operations    The majority of the company’s revenues are generated outside of the United States and geographic expansion remains a core component of the company’s strategy. Baxter’s international
presence includes operations in Europe (including Eastern and Central Europe), the Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Canada. The company is subject to certain risks inherent in conducting business outside the United States. For
more information on these risks, see the information under the captions “We are subject to risks associated with doing business globally” and “We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk” in Item 1A of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.    For financial information about foreign and domestic operations and geographic information, see Note 16 in
Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For more information regarding foreign currency exchange risk, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled “Financial Instrument Market Risk” in Item 7 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.    Contractual Arrangements    Substantial portions of the company’s products are sold through contracts with customers, both within and outside the United States. Some of these contracts have terms of more than one year and place
limits on the company’s ability to increase prices. In the case of hospitals, governments and other facilities, these contracts may specify minimum quantities of a particular product or categories of products to be purchased by the customer.
   In keeping with the increased emphasis on cost-effectiveness in healthcare delivery, many hospitals and other customers of medical products
in the United States have joined group purchasing organizations (GPOs), or formed integrated delivery networks (IDNs), to enhance purchasing power. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with manufacturers and distributors, and the negotiated
prices are made available to members. Baxter has purchasing agreements with several of the major GPOs in the United States. GPOs may have agreements with more than one supplier for certain products. Accordingly, in these cases, Baxter faces
competition from other suppliers even where a customer is a member of a GPO under contract with Baxter. Purchasing power is similarly consolidated in many other countries. For example, public contracting authorities act as the purchasing entities
for the hospitals and other customers of medical products in their region and many hospitals and other customers have joined joint procurement entities and buying consortia. The result is that demand for healthcare products is increasingly
concentrated across the company’s markets globally.    Raw Materials    Raw materials essential to Baxter’s business are purchased from numerous suppliers worldwide in the ordinary course of business. Although most of these materials are generally available, Baxter at
times may experience shortages of supply. In an effort to manage risk associated with raw materials supply, Baxter works closely with its suppliers to help ensure availability and continuity of supply while maintaining high quality and reliability.
The company also seeks to develop new and alternative sources of supply where beneficial to its overall raw materials procurement strategy. In order to produce plasma-based therapies, the company also collects plasma at numerous collection
facilities in the United States and Europe. For more information on plasma collection, refer to the discussion under the caption “The nature of producing plasma-based therapies may prevent us from timely responding to market forces and
effectively managing our production capacity” in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    The company also utilizes
long-term supply contracts with some suppliers to help maintain continuity of supply and manage the risk of price increases. Baxter is not always able to recover cost increases for raw materials through customer pricing due to contractual limits and
market forces.  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Competition and Healthcare Cost Containment    Baxter’s BioScience and Medical Products businesses enjoy leading positions based on a number of competitive advantages. The BioScience business benefits from continued innovation in its products and
therapies, consistency of its supply of products, and strong customer relationships. The Medical Products business benefits from the breadth and depth of its product offering, as well as strong relationships with customers and patients, including
hospitals and clinics, customer purchasing groups, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and the many patients who self-administer the home-based therapies supplied by Baxter. Baxter as a whole benefits from efficiencies and cost advantages
resulting from shared manufacturing facilities and the technological advantages of its products.    Although no single company competes with
Baxter in all of its businesses, Baxter faces substantial competition in each of its segments from international and domestic healthcare and pharmaceutical companies of all sizes. BioScience continues to face competitors from pharmaceutical,
biotechnology and other companies. Medical Products faces competition from medical device manufacturers and pharmaceutical companies. In addition, global and regional competitors continue to expand their manufacturing capacity and sales and
marketing channels. Competition is primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, price, service, product performance, and technological innovation. There has been increasing consolidation in the company’s customer base and by its competitors, which
continues to result in pricing and market pressures.    Global efforts toward healthcare cost containment continue to exert pressure on product
pricing. Governments around the world use various mechanisms to control healthcare expenditures, such as price controls, the formation of public contracting authorities, product formularies (lists of recommended or approved products), and
competitive tenders which require the submission of a bid to sell products. Sales of Baxter’s products are dependent, in part, on the availability of reimbursement by government agencies and healthcare programs, as well as insurance companies
and other private payors. In the United States, the federal and many state governments have adopted or proposed initiatives relating to Medicaid and other health programs that may limit reimbursement or increase rebates that Baxter and other
providers are required to pay to the state. In addition to government regulation, managed care organizations in the United States, which include medical insurance companies, medical plan administrators, health-maintenance organizations, hospital and
physician alliances and pharmacy benefit managers, continue to put pressure on the price and usage of healthcare products. Managed care organizations seek to contain healthcare expenditures, and their purchasing strength has been increasing due to
their consolidation into fewer, larger organizations and a growing number of enrolled patients. Baxter faces similar issues outside of the United States. In Europe and Latin America, for example, the government provides healthcare at low cost to
patients, and controls its expenditures by purchasing products through public tenders, collective purchasing, regulating prices, setting reference prices in public tenders or limiting reimbursement or patient access to certain products.  
 Intellectual Property    Patents and other
proprietary rights are essential to Baxter’s business. Baxter relies on patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how and confidentiality agreements to develop, maintain and strengthen its competitive position. Baxter owns a number
of patents and trademarks throughout the world and has entered into license arrangements relating to various third-party patents and technologies. Products manufactured by Baxter are sold primarily under its own trademarks and trade names. Some
products distributed by the company are sold under the company’s trade names, while others are sold under trade names owned by its suppliers or partners. Trade secret protection of unpatented confidential and proprietary information is also
important to Baxter. The company maintains certain details about its processes, products and technology as trade secrets and generally requires employees, consultants, parties to collaboration agreements and other business partners to enter into
confidentiality agreements.    Baxter’s policy is to protect its products and technology through patents and trademarks on a worldwide
basis. This protection is sought in a manner that balances the cost of such protection against obtaining the greatest value  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
for the company. Baxter also recognizes the need to promote the enforcement of its patents and trademarks and takes commercially reasonable steps to enforce its patents and trademarks around the
world against potential infringers, including judicial or administrative action where appropriate.    Baxter operates in an industry susceptible
to significant patent litigation. At any given time, the company is involved as either a plaintiff or defendant in a number of patent infringement and other intellectual property-related actions. Such litigation can result in significant royalty or
other payments or result in injunctions that can prevent the sale of products. For more information on patent and other litigation, see Note 15 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 Research and Development    Baxter’s
investment in research and development (R&D) is essential to its future growth and its ability to remain competitive in each of its business segments. Accordingly, Baxter continues to focus its investment in R&D programs to enhance future
growth through clinical differentiation. Expenditures for Baxter’s R&D activities were $1.25 billion in 2013, $1.16 billion in 2012 and $946 million in 2011. These expenditures include costs associated with R&D activities performed at
the company’s R&D centers located around the world, which include facilities in Austria, Belgium, Sweden, Italy, Germany, China, Japan and the United States, as well as in-licensing, milestone and reimbursement payments made to partners for
R&D work performed at non-Baxter locations. Included in Baxter’s R&D activities in 2013 were upfront and milestone payments of $103 million related to collaboration arrangements and $73 million related to business optimization charges.
   The company’s research efforts emphasize self-manufactured product development, and portions of that research relate to multiple product
categories. Baxter supplements its own R&D efforts by acquiring various technologies and entering into development and other collaboration agreements with third parties. In July 2011, Baxter established Baxter Ventures, a strategic initiative to
invest up to $200 million in early-stage companies developing products and therapies to accelerate innovation and growth for the company. Through December 31, 2013, over 25% of Baxter Ventures’ funds have been invested, including in such
therapeutic areas as immunology, hematology and renal. In addition, Baxter’s BioScience business has been actively engaged in investigating new potential biosimilar and oncology treatments, primarily through business collaborations. For more
information on the company’s R&D activities, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled “Strategic Objectives” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 Quality Management    Baxter’s
success depends upon the quality of its products. Quality management plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer requirements, preventing defects, facilitating continuous improvement of the company’s processes, products and
services, and assuring the safety and efficacy of the company’s products. Baxter has one quality system deployed globally that enables the design, development, manufacturing, packaging, sterilization, handling, distribution and labeling of the
company’s products to ensure they conform to customer requirements. In order to continually improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the quality system, various measurements, monitoring and analysis methods such as management reviews and
internal, external and vendor audits are employed at local and central levels.    Each product that Baxter markets is required to meet specific
quality standards, both in packaging and in product integrity and quality. If either of those is determined to be compromised at any time, Baxter takes necessary corrective and preventive actions, such as notification of the customer of revised
labeling, correction of the product at the customer location, withdrawal of the product from the market and other actions. For more information on corrective actions taken by Baxter, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled “Certain
Regulatory Matters” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Government Regulation    The operations of Baxter and many of the products manufactured or sold by the company are subject to extensive regulation by numerous government agencies, both within and outside the United States. The
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in Europe, the China Food and Drug Administration (CFDA) in China and other government agencies inside and outside of the United States, administer
requirements covering the testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling, promotion and advertising, distribution and post-market surveillance of Baxter’s products. The company must obtain specific approval from FDA and
non-U.S. regulatory authorities before it can market and sell most of its products in a particular country. Even after the company obtains regulatory approval to market a product, the product and the company’s manufacturing processes and
quality systems are subject to continued review by FDA and other regulatory authorities globally. State agencies in the United States also regulate the facilities, operations, employees, products and services of the company within their respective
states. The company and its facilities are subject to periodic inspections and possible administrative and legal actions by FDA and other regulatory agencies inside and outside the United States. Such actions may include warning letters, product
recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, refusal of a government to grant approvals or licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing
approvals and licenses. As situations require, the company takes steps to ensure safety and efficacy of its products, such as removing products found not to meet applicable requirements from the market and improving the effectiveness of quality
systems. For more information on compliance actions taken by the company, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled “Certain Regulatory Matters” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 The company is also subject to various laws inside and outside the United States concerning our relationships with healthcare professionals and
government officials, price reporting and regulation, the promotion, sales and marketing of our products and services, the importation and exportation of our products, the operation of our facilities and distribution of our products. In the United
States, the company is subject to the oversight of FDA, Office of the Inspector General within the Department of Health and Human Services (OIG), the Center for Medicare/Medicaid Services (CMS), the Department of Justice (DOJ), Environmental
Protection Agency, Department of Defense and Customs and Border Protection in addition to others. The company supplies products and services to healthcare providers that are reimbursed by federally funded programs such as Medicare. As a result, the
company’s activities are subject to regulation by CMS and enforcement by OIG and DOJ. In each jurisdiction outside the United States, the company’s activities are subject to regulation by government agencies including the EMA in Europe,
CFDA in China and other agencies in other jurisdictions. Many of the agencies enforcing these laws have increased their enforcement activities with respect to healthcare companies in recent years. These actions appear to be part of a general trend
toward increased enforcement activity globally.    In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was enacted in the United
States. While this legislation provides for a number of changes in how companies are compensated for providing healthcare products and services, many of these changes are still being implemented by regulations. For more information on the expected
impact of healthcare reform on the company, refer to the information under the caption “The implementation of healthcare reform in the United States may adversely affect our business” in Item 1A of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.    Environmental policies of the company require compliance with all applicable environmental regulations and contemplate, among
other things, appropriate capital expenditures for environmental protection.    Employees  
 As of December 31, 2013, Baxter employed approximately 61,000 people.    Available Information    Baxter makes available free of charge on its website at
www.baxter.com its Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing
such material to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, and the charters for the committees of Baxter’s board of directors are available on Baxter’s website at
www.baxter.com under “Corporate Governance.” All the foregoing materials will be made available to shareholders in print upon request by writing to: Corporate Secretary, Baxter International Inc., One Baxter Parkway, Deerfield, Illinois
60015. Information contained on Baxter’s website shall not be deemed incorporated into, or to be a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.      
 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors.     In
addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, shareholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors. If any of the events described below occurs, our business, financial condition and
results of operations and future growth prospects could suffer.    If we are unable to successfully introduce new products or fail to keep
pace with advances in technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.    We need to
successfully introduce new products to achieve our strategic business objectives. Product development requires substantial investment and there is inherent risk in the research and development process. A successful product development process
depends on many factors, including our ability to properly anticipate and satisfy customer needs, adapt to new technologies, obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis, demonstrate satisfactory clinical results, manufacture products in an
economical and timely manner and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. If we cannot successfully introduce new products or adapt to changing technologies, our products may become obsolete and our revenue and profitability could
suffer.    We are subject to a number of existing laws and regulations, non-compliance with which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations, and we are susceptible to a changing regulatory environment.    As a participant in the
healthcare industry, our operations and products, and those of our customers, are regulated by numerous government agencies, both inside and outside the United States. The impact of this on us is direct to the extent we are subject to these laws and
regulations, and indirect in that in a number of situations, even though we may not be directly regulated by specific healthcare laws and regulations, our products must be capable of being used by our customers in a manner that complies with those
laws and regulations.    The manufacture, distribution, marketing and use of our products are subject to extensive regulation and scrutiny by
FDA and other regulatory authorities globally. Any new product must undergo lengthy and rigorous testing and other extensive, costly and time-consuming procedures mandated by FDA and foreign regulatory authorities. Changes to current products may be
subject to vigorous review, including additional 510(k) and other regulatory submissions, and approvals are not certain. Our facilities must be approved and licensed prior to production and remain subject to inspection from time to time thereafter.
Failure to comply with the requirements of FDA or other regulatory authorities, including a failed inspection or a failure in our adverse event reporting system, could result in adverse inspection reports, warning letters, product recalls or
seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt the manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, refusal of a government to grant approvals or licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing approvals and
licenses. Any of these actions could cause a loss of customer confidence in us and our products, which could adversely affect our sales. The requirements of regulatory authorities, including interpretative guidance, are subject to change and
compliance with additional or changing requirements or interpretative guidance may subject the company to further review, result in product launch delays or otherwise increase our costs. For information on current
 
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
regulatory issues affecting us, please refer to the caption entitled “Certain Regulatory Matters” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In connection with these
issues, there can be no assurance that additional costs or civil and criminal penalties will not be incurred, that additional regulatory actions with respect to the company will not occur, that the company will not face civil claims for damages from
purchasers or users, that substantial additional charges or significant asset impairments may not be required, that sales of other products may not be adversely affected, or that additional regulation will not be introduced that may adversely affect
the company’s operations and consolidated financial statements.    The sales, marketing and pricing of products and relationships that
pharmaceutical and medical device companies have with healthcare providers are under increased scrutiny by federal, state and foreign government agencies. Compliance with the Anti-Kickback Statute, False Claims Act, Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act
(including as these laws relate to off-label promotion of products) and other healthcare related laws, as well as competition, data and patient privacy and export and import laws, is under increased focus by the agencies charged with overseeing such
activities, including FDA, OIG, DOJ and the Federal Trade Commission. The DOJ and the Securities and Exchange Commission have also increased their focus on the enforcement of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), particularly as it
relates to the conduct of pharmaceutical companies. The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or
retaining business. Healthcare professionals in many countries are employed by the government and consequently may be considered government officials. Foreign governments have also increased their scrutiny of pharmaceutical and medical device
companies’ sales and marketing activities and relationships with healthcare providers and competitive practices generally. The laws and standards governing the promotion, sale and reimbursement of our products and those governing our
relationships with healthcare providers and governments, including the Sunshine Act recently enacted under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, can be complicated, are subject to frequent change and may be violated unknowingly. We have
compliance programs in place, including policies, training and various forms of monitoring, designed to address these risks. Nonetheless, these programs and policies may not always protect us from conduct by individual employees that violate these
laws. Violations, or allegations of violations, of these laws may result in large civil and criminal penalties, debarment from participating in government programs, diversion of management time, attention and resources and may otherwise have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information related to the Company’s ongoing government investigations, please refer to Note 15 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
   The laws and regulations discussed above are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur
substantial cost associated with compliance or to alter one or more of our sales and marketing practices and may subject us to enforcement actions which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Issues with product quality could have an adverse effect upon our business, subject us to regulatory actions and cause a loss of customer
confidence in us or our products.    Our success depends upon the quality of our products. Quality management plays an essential role in
determining and meeting customer requirements, preventing defects, improving the company’s products and services and assuring the safety and efficacy of our products. Our future success depends on our ability to maintain and continuously
improve our quality management program. While we have one quality system deployed globally that covers the lifecycle of our products, quality and safety issues may occur with respect to any of our products. A quality or safety issue may result in
adverse inspection reports, warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, costly litigation, refusal of a government to grant approvals
and licenses, restrictions on operations or withdrawal of existing approvals and licenses. An inability to address a quality or safety issue in an effective and timely manner may also cause negative publicity, a loss of customer confidence in us or
our current or future products, which may result in the loss of sales and difficulty in successfully launching new products. Additionally, Baxter  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
has made and continues to make significant investments in assets, including inventory and property, plant and equipment, which relate to potential new products or modifications to existing
products. Product quality or safety issues may restrict the company from being able to realize the expected returns from these investments, potentially resulting in asset impairments in the future.  
 Unaffiliated third party suppliers provide a number of goods and services to our R&D, clinical and manufacturing organizations. Third party suppliers
are required to comply with our quality standards. Failure of a third party supplier to provide compliant raw materials or supplies could result in delays, service interruptions or other quality related issues that may negatively impact our business
results. In addition, some of the raw materials employed in our production processes are derived from human and animal origins, requiring robust controls to eliminate the potential for introduction of pathogenic agents or other contaminants.
   For more information on regulatory matters currently affecting us, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled “Certain
Regulatory Matters” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    The implementation of healthcare reform in the United
States may adversely affect our business.    The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), which was signed into law in March
2010, includes several provisions which impact the company’s businesses in the United States, including increased Medicaid rebates and an expansion of the 340B Drug Pricing Program which provides certain qualified entities, such as hospitals
serving disadvantaged populations, with discounts on the purchase of drugs for outpatient use and an excise tax on the sale of certain drugs and medical devices. In 2011, the company became subject to a tax on the sales of its pharmaceutical
products to the government, and in 2013, the company became subject to a 2.3% tax on sales of certain of its medical devices. The impact of the increased Medicaid rebates and the expanded 340B Drug Pricing Program is largely to our BioScience
business, while the additional taxes impact both of our business segments. We may also experience downward pricing pressure as the PPACA reduces Medicare and Medicaid payments to hospitals. While it is intended to expand health insurance coverage
and increase access to medical care generally, the long-term impact of the PPACA on our business and the demand for our products is uncertain. Similarly, we cannot predict the impact of the additional regulations that need to be established to
implement many of the PPACA’s provisions.    If reimbursement for our current or future products is reduced or modified in the United
States or abroad, our business could suffer.    Sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of our products
are paid by both public and private payors. These payors include Medicare, Medicaid, and private health care insurers in the United States and foreign governments and third-party payors outside the United States. Public and private payors are
increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. We may continue to experience continued downward pricing pressures from any or all of these payors which could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operational results.    Austerity measures or other reforms by foreign governments may limit, reduce or eliminate payments for our
products and adversely affect both our pricing flexibility and demand for our products. Accordingly, reimbursement may not be available or sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a competitive basis. Legislation and regulations affecting
reimbursement for our products may change at any time and in ways that may be adverse to us.    There is substantial competition in the
product markets in which we operate and in the development of alliances with research, academic and governmental institutions.  
 Although no single company competes with us in all of our businesses, we face substantial competition in both of our segments from international and
domestic healthcare and pharmaceutical companies of all sizes. Competition is primarily focused on cost-effectiveness, price, service, product performance, and technological innovation.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Competition may increase further as additional companies begin to enter our markets or modify their existing products to compete directly with ours. If our competitors respond more quickly to new
or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, our products may be rendered obsolete or non-competitive. If our competitors develop more effective or affordable products, or achieve earlier patent protection or product
commercialization than we do, our operations will likely be negatively affected. If we are forced to reduce our prices due to increased competition, our business could become less profitable. The company’s sales could be adversely affected if
any of its contracts with GPOs, IDNs or other customers are terminated due to increased competition or otherwise.    We also face competition
for marketing, distribution and collaborative development agreements, for establishing relationships with academic and research institutions, and for licenses to intellectual property. In addition, academic institutions, government agencies and
other public and private research organizations may also conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for discovery, research, clinical development and marketing of products similar to ours. These companies and
institutions compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to our programs. If we are unable to successfully compete with these companies and
institutions, our business may suffer.    The nature of producing plasma-based therapies may prevent us from timely responding to market
forces and effectively managing our production capacity.    The production of plasma-based therapies is a lengthy and complex process.
Efforts to increase the collection of plasma or the production of plasma-based therapies may include the construction and regulatory approval of additional plasma collection facilities and/or plasma fractionation facilities. The development of such
facilities can be a lengthy regulatory and capital intensive process. As a result, our ability to match our collection and production of plasma-based therapies to market demand is imprecise and may result in a failure to meet the market demand for
our plasma-based therapies or potentially an oversupply of inventory. Failure to meet market demand for our plasma-based therapies may result in customers transitioning to available competitive products resulting in a loss of segment share or
customer confidence. In the event of an oversupply we may be forced to lower the prices we charge for some of our plasma-based therapies, close collection and processing facilities, record asset impairment charges or take other action which may
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.    If we are unable to obtain sufficient components or raw
materials on a timely basis or if we experience other manufacturing or supply difficulties, our business may be adversely affected.  
 The manufacture of our products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of quality components and materials. We manufacture our products in
more than 50 manufacturing facilities around the world. We acquire our components and materials from many suppliers in various countries. We work closely with our suppliers to ensure the continuity of supply but we cannot guarantee these efforts
will always be successful. Further, while efforts are made to diversify our sources of components and materials, in certain instances we acquire components and materials from a sole supplier. Due to the regulatory environment in which we operate, we
may be unable to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for some components or materials. A reduction or interruption in supply, and an inability to develop alternative sources for such supply, could adversely affect our ability to
manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner, and our ability to make product sales.    Many of our products are difficult to
manufacture. This is due to the complex nature of manufacturing pharmaceuticals, including biologics, and devices, as well as the strict regulatory regime governing our manufacturing operations. Variations in the manufacturing process may result in
production failures which could lead to launch delays, product shortage, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. A failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to our customers may
also result in a quality or safety issue of the type discussed above.  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Several of our products are manufactured at a single manufacturing facility. Loss or damage to a
manufacturing facility due to a natural disaster or otherwise could adversely affect our ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of key products to meet customer demand or contractual requirements which may result in a loss of revenue and other
adverse business consequences. Because of the time required to approve and license a manufacturing facility a third party manufacturer may not be available on a timely basis to replace production capacity in the event we lose manufacturing capacity
due to natural disaster, regulatory action or otherwise.    If we are unable to protect our patents or other proprietary rights, or if we
infringe the patents or other proprietary rights of others, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged.  
 Patent and other proprietary rights are essential to our business. Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and enforce
patents and licenses to patent rights, both in the United States and in other countries. We cannot guarantee that pending patent applications will result in issued patents, that patents issued or licensed will not be challenged or circumvented by
competitors, that our patents will not be found to be invalid or that the intellectual property rights of others will not prevent the company from selling certain products or including key features in the company’s products.  
 The patent position of a healthcare company is often uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions. Significant litigation concerning
patents and products is pervasive in our industry. Patent claims include challenges to the coverage and validity of our patents on products or processes as well as allegations that our products infringe patents held by competitors or other third
parties. A loss in any of these types of cases could result in a loss of patent protection or the ability to market products, which could lead to a significant loss of sales, or otherwise materially affect future results of operations. We also rely
on trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and know-how to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive positions. Third parties may know, discover or independently develop equivalent proprietary information or techniques, or they may gain access
to our trade secrets or disclose our trade secrets to the public. Misappropriation or other loss of our intellectual property would have an adverse effect on our competitive position and may cause us to incur substantial litigation costs.
   If our business development activities are unsuccessful, including our integration of Gambro, our business could suffer and our
financial performance could be adversely affected.    As part of our long-term strategy, we are engaged in business development
activities including evaluating acquisitions, joint development opportunities, technology licensing arrangements and other opportunities. These activities may result in substantial investment of the company’s resources. Our success developing
products or expanding into new markets from such activities will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to find suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance; whether we are able to complete an acquisition, investment
or alliance on terms that are satisfactory to us; the strength of the other company’s underlying technology, products and ability to execute its business strategies; any intellectual property and litigation related to these products or
technology; and our ability to successfully integrate the acquired company, business, product, technology or research into our existing operations, including the ability to adequately fund acquired in-process research and development projects and to
maintain adequate controls over the combined operations. Certain of these activities are subject to antitrust and competition laws, which laws could impact our ability to pursue strategic transactions and could result in mandated divestitures in the
context of proposed acquisitions. If we are unsuccessful in our business development activities, we may be unable to meet our financial targets and our financial performance could be adversely affected.  
 In September 2013, we completed the acquisition of Gambro for a total purchase price of $3.7 billion, excluding adjustments for net indebtedness, which
was financed in part by proceeds of approximately $3.0 billion from debt issuances in June 2013. These additional debt issuances significantly increased the company’s outstanding debt and will require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow
to servicing this debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash to fund other business initiatives. The integration of Gambro’s operations will require  
      10  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
significant efforts, including the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales, marketing, operations, manufacturing and finance. These efforts will result in
additional expenses and involve significant amounts of management’s time that cannot be dedicated to other projects. Our failure to successfully integrate Gambro’s operations into our own could result in a failure to achieve expected
synergies. A failure to achieve our strategic objectives with respect to the Gambro acquisition could result in slower growth, higher than expected costs, the closure of facilities, the recording of asset impairment charges and other actions which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.    For more information on recent business development
activities, see Note 4 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    We are subject to risks associated with doing business
globally.    Our operations are subject to risks inherent in conducting business globally and under the laws, regulations and customs of
various jurisdictions and geographies. These risks include changes in exchange controls and other governmental actions, loss of business in government and public tenders that are held annually in many cases, increasingly complex labor environments,
availability of raw materials, changes in taxation, export control restrictions, changes in or violations of U.S. or local laws, including the FCPA and the United Kingdom Bribery Act, dependence on a few government entities as customers,
pricing restrictions, economic and political instability (including instability as it relates to the Euro and currencies in certain emerging market countries), disputes between countries, diminished or insufficient protection of intellectual
property, and disruption or destruction of operations in a significant geographic region regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest. Failure to comply with, or material changes to, the laws and
regulations that affect our global operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  
 We are subject to foreign currency exchange risk.    We generate the majority of our revenue outside the United States. As a result, our financial results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We cannot predict with
any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or our ability to mitigate these risks. We may experience additional volatility as a result of inflationary pressures and other macroeconomic factors in certain emerging market countries. A
discussion of the financial impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and the ways and extent to which we attempt to mitigate such impact is contained under the caption “Financial Instrument Market Risk” in Item 7 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.    Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities may have a negative impact on our
operating results.    Tax policy reform continues to be a topic of discussion in the United States. A significant change to the tax
system in the United States, including changes to the taxation of international income, could have an adverse effect upon our results of operations. Because we operate in multiple income tax jurisdictions both inside and outside the United States,
we are subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness
of our tax provision. However, we may not accurately predict the outcome of these audits, and as a result the actual outcome of these audits may have an adverse impact on our financial results. For more information on ongoing audits, see Note 14 in
Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and
infrastructure.    We increasingly rely upon technology systems and infrastructure. Our technology systems are potentially vulnerable to
breakdown or other interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction, unauthorized access and  
      11  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
other events. Likewise, data privacy breaches by employees and others with both permitted and unauthorized access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized
persons or to the public, or may be permanently lost. While we have invested heavily in the protection of data and information technology and in related training, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent significant breakdowns,
breaches in our systems or other cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect upon the reputation, business, operations or financial condition of the company. In addition, significant implementation issues may arise as we continue to
consolidate and outsource certain computer operations and application support activities.    We may experience difficulties implementing
our new global enterprise resource planning system.    We are engaged in a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource
planning system (ERP). The ERP is designed to accurately maintain the company’s books and records and provide information important to the operation of the business to the company’s management team. The company’s ERP will continue to
require significant investment of human and financial resources. In implementing the ERP, we may experience significant delays, increased costs and other difficulties. Any significant disruption or deficiency in the design and implementation of the
ERP could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship product, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business.    If we fail to attract and retain key employees our business may suffer.    Our ability
to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract and retain key employees, including people in senior management, sales, marketing and research positions. Competition for top talent in healthcare can be intense. Our ability to recruit and
retain such talent will depend on a number of factors, including hiring practices of our competitors, compensation and benefits, work location, work environment and industry economic conditions. If we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified
employees, our business could suffer.    We are subject to a number of pending lawsuits.  
 We are a defendant in a number of pending lawsuits. In addition, we may be named as a defendant in future patent, product liability or other lawsuits.
These current and future matters may result in a loss of patent protection, reduced revenue, significant liabilities and diversion of our management’s time, attention and resources. Given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not
able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome in these current matters. In view of these uncertainties, the outcome of these matters may result in charges in excess of any established
reserves, and, to the extent available, liability insurance. We also continue to be self-insured with respect to product liability claims. The absence of third-party insurance coverage for current or future claims increases our potential exposure to
unanticipated claims and adverse decisions. Protracted litigation, including any adverse outcomes, may have an adverse impact on the business, operations or financial condition of the company. Even claims without merit could subject us to adverse
publicity and require us to incur significant legal fees. See Note 15 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding current lawsuits.    Current or worsening economic conditions may adversely affect our business and financial condition.    The company’s ability to generate cash flows from operations could be affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company’s products, in the solvency of its customers or
suppliers, or deterioration in the company’s key financial ratios or credit ratings. Current or worsening economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our customers (including governments) to pay for our products and services, and
the amount spent on healthcare generally. This could result in a decrease in the demand for our products and services, declining cash flows, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. These conditions
may also adversely affect certain of our suppliers, which could cause a disruption in our ability to produce our products. We continue to do business with foreign governments in certain countries, including Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy, that
have experienced a deterioration in credit and economic conditions. As of  
      12  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
December 31, 2013, the company’s net accounts receivable from the public sector in Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy totaled $561 million (of which $29 million is related to Greece).
This amount reflects an increase of $176 million during 2013 primarily as a result of the acquisition of Gambro. While the economic downturn has not significantly impacted our ability to collect receivables, global economic conditions and liquidity
issues in certain countries have resulted, and may continue to result, in delays in the collection of receivables and credit losses. These conditions may also impact the stability of the Euro. For more information on accounts receivable and credit
matters with respect to certain of these countries, refer to the discussion under the caption entitled “Credit Facilities, Access to Capital and Credit Ratings” in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
   
 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments.     None.      
 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties.     The
company’s corporate offices are owned and located at One Baxter Parkway, Deerfield, Illinois 60015.    Baxter owns or has long-term leases
on all of its manufacturing facilities. The company maintains 18 manufacturing facilities in the United States and its territories, including three in Puerto Rico. The company also manufactures in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile,
China, Colombia, Costa Rica, the Czech Republic, the Dominican Republic, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Malta, Mexico, the Philippines, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Tunisia, Turkey and the United
Kingdom. The company’s principal manufacturing facilities by segment are listed below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Business 
    
   Location 
    
   Owned/Leased 


 
   BioScience 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Orth, Austria 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Vienna, Austria 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Lessines, Belgium 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Hayward, California 
    
 Leased 
 
 
    
 Los Angeles, California 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Thousand Oaks, California 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Bohumil, Czech Republic 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Pisa, Italy 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Rieti, Italy 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Woodlands, Singapore 
    
 Owned/Leased(1) 
 
 
    
 Neuchatel, Switzerland 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Elstree, United Kingdom 
    
 Leased 
 
   Medical Products 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 Opelika, Alabama 
    
 Owned(2) 
 
 
    
 Mountain Home, Arkansas 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Toongabbie, Australia 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Lessines, Belgium 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Sao Paulo, Brazil 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Alliston, Canada 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Guangzhou, China 
    
 Owned(3) 
 
 
    
 Shanghai, China 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Suzhou, China 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Cali, Colombia 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Grasslands, Colorado 
    
 Leased 
 
 
    
 Cartago, Costa Rica 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Prerov, Czech Republic 
    
 Leased(2) 
      13  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   Business 
    
   Location 
    
   Owned/Leased 


 
   Medical Products 
    
 Haina, Dominican Republic 
    
 Leased 
 
 
    
 Daytona, Florida 
    
 Owned(2) 
 
 
    
 Meyzieu, France 
    
 Owned(2) 
 
 
    
 Halle, Germany 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Hechingen, Germany 
    
 Leased(2) 
 
 
    
 Joka, Germany 
    
 Owned(2) 
 
 
    
 Rostock, Germany 
    
 Leased(2) 
 
 
    
 Round Lake, Illinois 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Bloomington, Indiana 
    
 Owned/Leased(4) 
 
 
    
 Castlebar, Ireland 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Crevalcore, Italy 
    
 Leased(5) 
 
 
    
 Grosotto, Italy 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Medolla, Italy 
    
 Owned(2) 
 
 
    
 Poggio Rusco, Italy 
    
 Leased(5) 
 
 
    
 Sondalo, Italy 
    
 Owned(2) 
 
 
    
 Miyazaki, Japan 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Cuernavaca, Mexico 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Tijuana, Mexico 
    
 Owned(2) 
 
 
    
 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
    
 Leased(2) 
 
 
    
 Cleveland, Mississippi 
    
 Leased 
 
 
    
 Medina, New York 
    
 Leased 
 
 
    
 North Cove, North Carolina 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Aibonito, Puerto Rico 
    
 Leased 
 
 
    
 Guayama, Puerto Rico 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Jayuya, Puerto Rico 
    
 Leased 
 
 
    
 Woodlands, Singapore 
    
 Owned/Leased(1) 
 
 
    
 Sabinanigo, Spain 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Lund, Sweden 
    
 Leased(2) 
 
 
    
 San Vittore, Switzerland 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Liverpool, United Kingdom 
    
 Owned 
 
 
    
 Thetford, United Kingdom 
    
 Owned 
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Baxter owns the facility at Woodlands, Singapore, and leases the property upon which it rests. This facility is shared between the Medical Products and BioScience
businesses.      
 
 
 (2) 
 These plants were acquired in 2013 as part of the Gambro acquisition.      
 
 
 (3) 
 The Guangzhou, China facility is owned by a joint venture in which Baxter owns a majority share.  
   
 
 
 (4) 
 The Bloomington, Indiana location includes both owned and leased facilities.  
   
 
 
 (5) 
 These are temporary Gambro locations.    The
company also owns or operates shared distribution facilities throughout the world. In the United States and Puerto Rico, there are 8 shared distribution facilities with the principal facilities located in Memphis, Tennessee; Catano, Puerto
Rico; North Cove, North Carolina; and Round Lake, Illinois. Internationally, we have more than 100 shared distribution facilities located in Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Brunei, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, the
Czech Republic, Ecuador, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Panama, Peru, the Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, Venezuela and Vietnam.    The company continually evaluates its plants
and production lines and believes that its current facilities plus any planned expansions are generally sufficient to meet its expected needs and expected near-term growth. Expansion projects and facility closings will be undertaken as necessary in
response to market needs.  
      14  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings.   
 Incorporated by reference to Note 15 in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
   
 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures.     Not Applicable.    Executive Officers of the Registrant  
 Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. , age 63, is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Baxter, having served in that capacity since April 2004.
Prior to joining Baxter, Mr. Parkinson was Dean of Loyola University Chicago School of Business Administration and Graduate School of Business from 2002 to 2004. He retired from Abbott Laboratories in 2001 following a 25-year career, having
served in a variety of domestic and international management and leadership positions, including as President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Parkinson also serves on the Board of Directors of Chicago-based Northwestern Memorial HealthCare, as
Chairman of the Board of Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital, and as Chairman of the Loyola University Chicago Board of Trustees.    Phillip L.
Batchelor , age 52, is Corporate Vice President, Quality and Regulatory Affairs, having served in that capacity since February 2013. Mr. Batchelor served as Corporate Vice President, Quality from April 2010 to February 2013 and as Vice
President for BioScience Global Operations from April 2005 to April 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Batchelor served in a variety of positions with Baxter in quality management and manufacturing.  
 Sebastian J. Bufalino , age 53, is Corporate Vice President and Controller, having served in that capacity since March 2013. From April 2005
to March 2013, Mr. Bufalino served as Vice President of corporate audit. Mr. Bufalino joined Baxter in 2000 as Vice President of global finance for the company’s Medication Delivery business unit. Before joining Baxter,
Mr. Bufalino spent eight years at G.D. Searle, in roles of increasing responsibility. Mr. Bufalino also served in various audit roles at Coopers & Lybrand from 1982 to 1993.  
 Jean-Luc Butel,  age 57, is Corporate Vice President and President, International, having served in that capacity since February 2012. From August
2003 to February 2012, Mr. Butel held various positions with Medtronic, Inc., the most recent of which was Executive Vice President and Group President, International. Prior to Medtronic, Mr. Butel served as President of Independence
Technology, a Johnson & Johnson company, after serving in a variety of leadership roles at Becton, Dickinson Company from 1991 to 1999.    Robert M. Davis , age 47, is Corporate Vice President and President, Medical Products, having served in that capacity since October 2010. From May 2006 to July 2010, Mr. Davis served as
Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and from July to October 2010, he was Corporate Vice President and President, Renal. Prior to joining Baxter as Treasurer in 2004, Mr. Davis was with Eli Lilly and Company from 1990.
   Ludwig N. Hantson, Ph.D.,  age 51, is Corporate Vice President and President, BioScience, having served in that capacity
since October 2010. Dr. Hantson joined Baxter in May 2010 as Corporate Vice President and President, International. From 2001 to May 2010, Dr. Hantson held various positions at Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, the most recent of which
was Chief Executive Officer, Pharma North America. Prior to Novartis, Dr. Hantson spent 13 years with Johnson & Johnson in roles of increasing responsibility in marketing and clinical research and development.  
 Robert J. Hombach,  age 48, is Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, having served in that capacity since July 2010. From
February 2007 to March 2011, Mr. Hombach also served as Treasurer and from December 2004 to February 2007, he was Vice President of Finance, Europe. Prior to that, Mr. Hombach served in a number of finance positions of increasing
responsibility in the planning, manufacturing, operations and treasury areas at Baxter.  
      15  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Jeanne K. Mason ,  Ph.D.,  age 58, is Corporate Vice President, Human Resources. Prior to
joining Baxter in May 2006, Dr. Mason was with General Electric from 1988, holding various leadership positions, the most recent of which was with GE Insurance Solutions, a primary insurance and reinsurance business, where she was responsible
for global human resource functions.    David P. Scharf , age 46, is Corporate Vice President and General Counsel, having served in
this capacity since August 2009. Mr. Scharf has also served as Corporate Secretary from September 2013. Mr. Scharf joined Baxter in July 2005 and served in progressive leadership roles within the legal department. Prior to joining Baxter,
Mr. Scharf was with Guidant Corporation from 2002, in roles of increasing responsibility.    All executive officers hold office until the
next annual election of officers and until their respective successors are elected and qualified.  
      16  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART II  
   
 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.   
 The following table includes information about the company’s common stock repurchases during the three-month period ended December 31, 2013.
   Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased(1) 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program(1) 
   
    
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased Under the Program(1) 
   


 
     
   
 
   October 1, 2013 through October 31, 2013 
    
   
 765,000 
    
    
 $ 
 65.36 
    
    
   
 765,000 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   November 1, 2013 through November 30, 2013 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   December 1, 2013 through December 31, 2013 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 765,000 
    
    
 $ 
 65.36 
    
    
   
 765,000 
    
    
 $ 
 1,020,719,929 
    
 
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 In July 2012, the company announced that its board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to $2.0 billion of its common stock on the open market or in
private transactions. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the company repurchased 0.8 million shares for $50 million under this program. The remaining authorization under this program totaled approximately $1.0 billion at December 31, 2013. This
program does not have an expiration date.    Additional information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Note 17
in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      17  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Performance Graph    The following graph compares the change in Baxter’s cumulative total shareholder return (including reinvested dividends) on Baxter’s common stock with the Standard & Poor’s 500
Composite Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Health Care Index over the past five years.        


 
  
      18  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data.       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of or for the years ended December 31 
    
 2013 1,6 
   
    
 2012 2,6 
   
    
 2011 3,6 
   
    
 2010 4,6 
   
   
 2009 5,6 
   


 
     
   
 
   Operating Results 
    
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 15,259 
    
    
   
 14,190 
    
    
   
 13,893 
    
    
   
 12,843 
    
   
   
 12,562 
    
 
   (in millions) 
    
   Net income attributable to Baxter 7 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
    
    
   
 2,326 
    
    
   
 2,224 
    
    
   
 1,420 
    
   
   
 2,205 
    
 
 
    
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
 $ 
 823 
    
    
   
 712 
    
    
   
 670 
    
    
   
 685 
    
   
   
 638 
    
 
 
    
   Research and development expenses 
    
 $ 
 1,246 
    
    
   
 1,156 
    
    
   
 946 
    
    
   
 915 
    
   
   
 917 
    
 
     
   
 
   Balance Sheet and 
    
   Capital expenditures 
    
 $ 
 1,525 
    
    
   
 1,161 
    
    
   
 960 
    
    
   
 963 
    
   
   
 1,014 
    
 
 Cash Flow Information 
    
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 25,869 
    
    
   
 20,390 
    
    
   
 19,073 
    
    
   
 17,489 
    
   
   
 17,354 
    
 
   (in millions) 
    
   Long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
 $ 
 8,126 
    
    
   
 5,580 
    
    
   
 4,749 
    
    
   
 4,363 
    
   
   
 3,440 
    
 
     
   
 
 Common Stock Information 
    
   Average number of common shares outstanding (in millions) 8 
    
   
 543 
    
    
   
 551 
    
    
   
 569 
    
    
   
 590 
    
   
   
 607 
    
 
 
    
   Net income attributable to Baxter per common share 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 3.70 
    
    
   
 4.22 
    
    
   
 3.91 
    
    
   
 2.41 
    
   
   
 3.63 
    
 
 
    
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.66 
    
    
   
 4.18 
    
    
   
 3.88 
    
    
   
 2.39 
    
   
   
 3.59 
    
 
 
    
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
    
 $ 
 1.920 
    
    
   
 1.570 
    
    
   
 1.265 
    
    
   
 1.180 
    
   
   
 1.070 
    
 
 
    
   Year-end market price per common share 
    
 $ 
 69.55 
    
    
   
 66.66 
    
    
   
 49.48 
    
    
   
 50.62 
    
   
   
 58.68 
    
 
     
   
 
   Other Information 
    
   Total shareholder return 9 
    
   
 7.3% 
    
    
   
 38.3% 
    
    
   
 0.0% 
    
    
   
 (11.6% 
 )  
   
   
 11.6% 
    
 
 
    
   Common shareholders of record at year-end 
    
   
 36,718 
    
    
   
 42,067 
    
    
   
 43,534 
    
    
   
 43,715 
    
   
   
 48,286 
    
 
     
   
     
 
 
 1   
   Net income attributable to Baxter included a $280 million business optimization charge, charges totaling $192 million related to the acquisition and
integration of Gambro, business development charges totaling $103 million (primarily R&D charges for collaboration agreements), a net charge totaling $89 million related to tax and legal reserves associated with VAT matters in Turkey and
existing class-action and other related litigation, including litigation fees, a net loss of $52 million principally related to the company’s derivative instruments used to hedge the anticipated foreign currency cash outflows for the Gambro
acquisition, a charge of $17 million principally related to remediation efforts associated with modifications to the SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pump in conjunction with re-filing for 510(k) clearance, and a charge of $11 million related to the
Venezuelan currency devaluation announced by the government of Venezuela in February 2013.      
 
 
 2   
   Net income attributable to Baxter included a charge totaling $170 million primarily related to the settlement of certain pension obligations in the
United States, a $150 million business optimization charge, business development charges totaling $128 million (including $113 million in R&D charges for collaboration agreements), a benefit of $91 million related to the reduction of certain
contingent payment liabilities, and a net benefit of $23 million primarily related to an adjustment to the COLLEAGUE infusion pump reserves.      
 
 
 3   
   Net income attributable to Baxter included a $192 million business optimization charge, a $79 million charge related to litigation and certain
historical rebate and discount adjustments, and charges totaling $103 million principally related to the write-down of Greek government bonds and a contribution to the Baxter International Foundation.  
   
 
 
 4   
   Net income attributable to Baxter included a $588 million charge related to the recall of COLLEAGUE infusion pumps. The charge impacted net sales by
$213 million. Net income attributable to Baxter also included a $257 million business optimization charge, a $112 million impairment charge associated with the company’s divestiture of its U.S. multi-source generic injectables business, a $62
million litigation-related charge, a $39 million charge to write off a deferred tax asset, business development charges of $34 million and a $28 million charge to write down accounts receivable in Greece.  
   
 
 
 5   
   Net income attributable to Baxter included a $79 million business optimization charge, an impairment charge of $54 million and a charge of $27 million
relating to infusion pumps.      
 
 
 6   
   Refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding other charges and income items.  
   
 
 
 7   
   Excludes net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $32 million, $7 million, and $10 million in 2011, 2010, and 2009, respectively.
     
 
 
 8   
   Excludes common stock equivalents.      
 
 
 9   
   Represents the total of appreciation (decline) in market price plus cash dividends declared on common shares.  
      19  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    
 The following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.  
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW    Description of
the Company and Business Segments    Baxter International Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and markets products that
save and sustain the lives of people with hemophilia, immune disorders, infectious diseases, kidney disease, trauma, and other chronic and acute medical conditions. As a global, diversified healthcare company, Baxter applies a unique combination of
expertise in medical devices, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology to create products that advance patient care worldwide. These products are used by hospitals, kidney dialysis centers, nursing homes, rehabilitation centers, doctors’ offices,
clinical and medical research laboratories, and by patients at home under physician supervision.    The company operates in two segments:
BioScience and Medical Products.    The  BioScience  business processes recombinant and plasma-based proteins to treat hemophilia and other
bleeding disorders; plasma-based therapies to treat immune deficiencies, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, burns and shock, and other chronic and acute blood-related conditions; biosurgery products; and select vaccines.  
 The  Medical Products  business manufactures intravenous (IV) solutions and administration sets, premixed drugs and drug-reconstitution
systems, pre-filled vials and syringes for injectable drugs, IV nutrition products, infusion pumps, and inhalation anesthetics. The business also provides products and services related to pharmacy compounding, drug formulation and packaging
technologies. In addition, the Medical Products business provides products and services to treat end-stage renal disease, or irreversible kidney failure, along with other renal therapies, which was enhanced in 2013 through the acquisition of Gambro
AB (Gambro). The Medical Products business now offers a comprehensive portfolio to meet the needs of patients across the treatment continuum, including technologies and therapies for peritoneal dialysis (PD), in-center hemodialysis (HD), home
hemodialysis (HHD), continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) and additional dialysis services.    Baxter has approximately 61,000 employees
and conducts business in over 100 countries. The company generates approximately 60% of its revenues outside the United States, and maintains over 50 manufacturing facilities and over 100 distribution facilities in the United States, Europe,
Asia-Pacific, Latin America and Canada.    Financial Results    Baxter’s 2013 results reflect the company’s success in meeting its financial objectives while navigating a challenging and complex macroeconomic environment. Baxter has continued to improve
operational and commercial execution, while deriving significant benefits leveraging existing opportunities to bring products and therapies to various markets more effectively. Further, the company has made investments to further advance the product
pipeline and position Baxter for future growth and success. The company generated significant cash flows in 2013 while maintaining a disciplined capital allocation strategy of returning value to shareholders through both share repurchases and
increased dividends.    Baxter’s global net sales totaled $15.3 billion in 2013, an increase of 8% over 2012, with no significant foreign
currency impact. The acquisition of Gambro in September 2013 resulted in additional net sales of $513 million, which contributed four percentage points towards total Baxter net sales growth. International sales totaled $8.8 billion, an increase of
8% compared to 2012, including an unfavorable foreign currency impact of one percentage point. Sales in the United States totaled $6.5 billion in 2013, an increase of 7% over 2012.  
      20  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Baxter’s net income for 2013 totaled $2.0 billion, or $3.66 per diluted share, compared to $2.3
billion, or $4.18 per diluted share, in the prior year. Net income in 2013 included special items which reduced income before income taxes by $744 million and net income by $555 million, or $1.01 per diluted share, as further discussed in the
Results of Operations section below. Net income in 2012 included special items which reduced income before income taxes by $334 million and net income by $190 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, as further discussed in the Results of Operations
section below.    Baxter’s financial results included R&D expenses totaling $1.2 billion in 2013, which reflects the acceleration of
R&D spending to drive late-stage development programs through product approvals in both developed and emerging markets, while also focusing on enhancing the company’s early-stage and exploratory R&D. During the year, Baxter continued to
transform the new product pipeline into a robust portfolio of products and therapies that improve the quality of care and address key high-potential areas of unmet medical need. Additionally, included in R&D expenses in 2013 were upfront and
milestone payments of $103 million related to the company’s various collaboration arrangements and $73 million related to business optimization charges.    The company’s financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operations totaling $3.2 billion in 2013. The company has continued to execute on its disciplined capital allocation framework,
which was designed to optimize shareholder value creation through targeted capital investments, share repurchases and dividends, as well as acquisitions and other business development initiatives as discussed in Strategic Objectives below.
   Capital investments totaled $1.5 billion in 2013 as the company continues to invest across its businesses to support future growth, including
additional investments in support of new and existing product capacity expansions in the BioScience segment. The company’s investments in capital expenditures in 2013 were focused on projects that improve the company’s cost structure and
manufacturing capabilities and support its strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets.    The company also
continued to return value to its shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. During 2013, the company repurchased 13 million shares of common stock for $913 million, and paid cash dividends to its shareholders totaling $1.0
billion.    Strategic Objectives  
 Baxter continues to focus on several key objectives to successfully execute its long-term strategy to achieve sustainable growth and deliver shareholder
value. Baxter’s diversified healthcare model, its broad portfolio of products that treat life-threatening acute or chronic conditions, and its global presence are core components of the company’s strategy to achieve these objectives. The
company continues to focus on four key strategic growth vectors: advancing the core portfolio globally, driving innovation through the R&D pipeline, enhancing growth with acquisitions and collaborations, and developing unique public-private
partnerships.    Advancing the Core Portfolio Globally    Baxter is well-positioned in the market, despite challenging global economic conditions, due to the breadth and diversity of the company’s portfolio, which will serve as a solid foundation for future
growth. In the BioScience business, the company’s products treat bleeding disorders and a range of immune disorders. The Medical Products business offers innovative products for treatment of end-stage renal disease and other therapies and
technologies supporting the work of hospital pharmacies and serving the needs of patients in acute care settings.    While Baxter is a leader in
several of the markets noted above, there is significant potential to expand across the company’s core portfolio by ensuring the cost effectiveness and improved access to Baxter’s products and therapies globally.  
 Baxter remains committed to meeting patient demands by enhancing its plasma manufacturing footprint. The company completed planned modifications at an
existing Los Angeles, California plasma fractionation facility  
      21  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
during 2013 and continues to invest in a new manufacturing facility in Covington, Georgia. The investments in the facilities in Los Angeles and Covington position Baxter well to meet the growing
demand for immunoglobulin and other plasma-based therapies in both the short- and long-term.    Driving Innovation through the R&D
Pipeline    R&D innovation and scientific productivity continue to be key strategic priorities for Baxter. Key developments in 2013
included the following:    Product Approvals and Launches  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Approval by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Baxter’s FEIBA [Anti-Inhibitor Coagulant Complex], the first and only
FDA-approved treatment for routine prophylaxis to prevent or reduce the frequency of bleeding episodes in patients with hemophilia A or B who have developed inhibitors.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   FDA approval for RIXUBIS [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant)] for routine prophylactic treatment, control of bleeding episodes, and perioperative
management in adults with hemophilia B.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Marketing authorization received by the European Commission for the use of HyQvia (solution for subcutaneous use) as replacement therapy for adult
patients with primary and secondary immunodeficiencies.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Completion of CE marking in Europe for the VIVIA HD system, designed to deliver more frequent, extended duration, short daily or nocturnal home HD
therapy, known as High Dose HD therapy.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Launch of HEMOPATCH Sealing Hemostat, a novel collagen-based hemostatic device, following CE mark approval in Europe.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   FDA clearance and Health Canada approval for ONE-LINK Needle-Free IV Connectors featuring bonded and standard bore extension sets for use with low
pressure power injectors.    Other Developments  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Authorization by the European Medicines Agency for an update to the Summary of Product Characteristics for Baxter’s ADVATE [Antihemophilic Factor
(Recombinant) Plasma/Albumin Free Method, (in the European Union, ADVATE, octocog alfa)] to include findings of the Phase IV prophylaxis study.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Submission of a biologics license application (BLA) to FDA for the approval of OBI-1, a recombinant antihemophilic porcine sequence factor VIII, for
use by patients with acquired hemophilia A.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Completion of enrollment in Phase III clinical trial of BAX 855, an investigational extended half-life, recombinant factor VIII (rFVIII) treatment for
hemophilia A. The ongoing trial is aimed at assessing the efficacy of the compound in reducing annual bleed rates in both prophylaxis and on-demand treatment schedules, and will also evaluate its safety and pharmacokinetic profile.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Initiation of global Phase III study of BAX 817, a recombinant factor VIIa to treat severe bleeding in hemophilia A or B patients with inhibitors to
factor VIII or factor IX.    Enhancing Growth with Acquisitions and Collaborations  
 Acquisition of Gambro    On
September 6, 2013, Baxter acquired 100 percent of the voting equity interests in Indap Holding AB, the holding company for Gambro, a privately held dialysis product company based in Lund, Sweden. Gambro is a global medical technology company
focused on developing, manufacturing and supplying dialysis products and  
      22  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
therapies for patients with acute or chronic kidney disease. The transaction provides Baxter with a broad and complementary dialysis product portfolio, while further advancing the company’s
geographic footprint in the dialysis business. In addition, the company has augmented its pipeline with Gambro’s next-generation monitors, dialyzers, devices and dialysis solutions. The total cash consideration for the acquisition, as reduced
by assumed debt of $221 million, was $3.7 billion.    The acquisition of Gambro enhances Baxter’s global leadership in renal therapies and
provides a number of longer-term opportunities and significant cost synergies.    Other Acquisitions and Collaboration Arrangements
   Baxter has accelerated its pace of acquisitions and collaborations in recent years. Key developments in 2013 included the following:
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The acquisition of the investigational hemophilia compound OBI-1 and related assets from Inspiration BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (Inspiration), as well as
certain other OBI-1 related assets, including manufacturing operations, from Ipsen Pharma S.A.S. (Ipsen) in conjunction with Inspiration’s bankruptcy proceedings.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The execution of a global licensing agreement with Cell Therapeutics, Inc. (Cell Therapeutics) to develop and commercialize pacritinib, a novel
investigational JAK2/FLT3 inhibitor with activity against genetic mutations linked to myelofibrosis, leukemia and certain solid tumors.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The execution of an exclusive collaboration agreement with Coherus Biosciences, Inc. (Coherus) to develop and commercialize a biosimilar to etanercept
for Europe, Canada, Brazil and certain other markets. Baxter may select additional products in the collaboration.     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The execution of an exclusive collaboration agreement with JW Holdings Corporation (JW Holdings) for parenteral nutrition products containing a novel
formulation of omega 3 lipids, which provides Baxter with exclusive rights to co-develop and distribute the products globally (with the exception of Korea).    During 2013, Baxter accelerated its equity investments in companies developing high-potential technologies through Baxter Ventures, a strategic initiative established in 2011 to invest in early-stage
companies developing products and therapies to accelerate innovation and growth for the company.    The company expects to continue to further
supplement its internal R&D activities and pursue accelerated growth by fully capitalizing on Baxter’s diversified healthcare model with its investment in other business development opportunities, including acquisitions, collaborations and
alliances, that complement our current businesses, enhance our portfolio, and leverage our core strengths.    Public-Private Partnerships
   In addition to the company’s business development activities, Baxter is focused on pursuing innovation through unique business models
and the development of public-private partnerships. During 2013, Baxter made advances in its existing public-private partnerships primarily through the exclusive 20-year partnership with Hemobrás to provide hemophilia patients in Brazil
greater access to rFVIII therapy for the treatment of hemophilia A. Baxter recently became Brazil’s exclusive provider of rFVIII and will facilitate a technology transfer to support local manufacturing capacity and technical expertise. During
2013, Baxter commenced shipments of recombinant factor VIII therapy for treatment of hemophilia. Baxter expects peak annual sales related to this partnership to reach $200 million by 2017.  
      23  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Responsible Corporate Citizen    The company strives for continued growth and profitability, while furthering its focus on acting as a responsible corporate citizen. At Baxter, sustainability means creating a lasting social,
environmental and economic value by addressing the needs of the company’s wide-ranging stakeholder base.    Baxter’s comprehensive
sustainability program is focused on areas where the company is uniquely positioned to make a positive impact. Baxter and the Baxter International Foundation provide financial support and product donations in support of critical needs, from
assisting underserved communities to providing emergency relief for countries experiencing natural disasters.    Baxter’s priorities also
include sound environmental stewardship. Throughout 2013 the company continued to implement a range of water conservation strategies and facility-based energy saving initiatives. In the area of product stewardship and life cycle management, Baxter
is pursuing efforts such as sustainable design and reduced packaging. Baxter is also responding to the challenges of climate change through innovative greenhouse gas emissions-reduction programs, such as shifting to less carbon-intensive energy
sources and modes of product transport.    Risk Factors    The company’s ability to sustain long-term growth and successfully execute the strategies discussed above depends in part on the company’s ability to manage within an increasingly competitive
and regulated environment and to address the other risk factors described in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      24  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    Special Items    The following table provides a summary of the company’s special items
and the related impact by line item on the company’s results of operations for 2013, 2012, and 2011.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Gross Margin 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gambro acquisition and integration items 
    
 $ 
 (62 
 )  
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Currency-related items 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Product-related items 
    
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Business optimization charges (including certain asset impairments) 
    
   
 (125 
 )  
   
   
 (62 
 )  
   
   
 (95 
 )  
 
   COLLEAGUE infusion pump items 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Business development charges 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Total Special Items 
    
 $ 
 (205 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (45 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (95 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Impact on Gross Margin Ratio 
    
   
 (1.3 pts 
 )  
   
   
 (0.3 pts 
 )  
   
   
 (0.7 pts 
 )  
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Marketing and Administrative Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gambro acquisition and integration items 
    
 $ 
 115 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Tax and legal reserves 
    
   
 124 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Business optimization charges (including certain asset impairments) 
    
   
 82 
    
   
   
 60 
    
   
   
 97 
    
 
   Business development charges 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Pension-related items 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 170 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   AWP litigation and historical rebate and discount items 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 79 
    
 
   Asset impairment and other charges 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 41 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total Special Items 
    
 $ 
 321 
    
   
 $ 
 239 
    
   
 $ 
 217 
    
 
     
   
 
   Impact on Marketing and Administrative Expense Ratio 
    
   
 2.1 pts 
    
   
   
 1.7 pts 
    
   
   
 1.6 pts 
    
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Research and Development Expenses 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Business optimization charges (including certain asset impairments) 
    
 $ 
 73 
    
   
 $ 
 28 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Business development charges 
    
   
 103 
    
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total Special Items 
    
 $ 
 176 
    
   
 $ 
 141 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other (Income) Expense, Net 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Gambro acquisition and integration items 
    
 $ 
 15 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Currency-related items 
    
   
 62 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Tax and legal reserves 
    
   
 (35 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Gains on the reduction of contingent payment liabilities 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (91 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Asset impairment and other charges 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 62 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total Special Items 
    
 $ 
 42 
    
   
 $ 
 (91 
 )  
   
 $ 
 62 
    
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income Tax Expense 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Impact of special items 
    
 $ 
 (189 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (144 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (127 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total Special Items 
    
 $ 
 (189 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (144 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (127 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Impact on Effective Tax Rate 
    
   
 (0.9 pts 
 )  
   
   
 (2.4 pts 
 )  
   
   
 (1.7 pts 
 )  
   Special items are identified above because they are highly variable, difficult to predict, and of a size that may
substantially impact the company’s reported operations for a period. Management believes that providing the separate impact of the above items on the company’s GAAP results may provide a more complete understanding of the company’s
operations and can facilitate a fuller analysis of the company’s results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another. Upfront and milestone payments related to
 
      25  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
collaborative arrangements that have been expensed as R&D are uncertain and often result in a different payment and expense recognition pattern than internal R&D activities and therefore
are typically excluded as special items.    In 2013, the company recorded pre-tax charges of $192 million associated with the acquisition and
integration of Gambro and business development charges of $103 million related to upfront and milestone payments for collaboration agreements. Additionally, Baxter recorded pre-tax currency-related charges totaling $63 million in 2013 principally
related to derivative instruments used to hedge the anticipated foreign currency cash outflows for the Gambro acquisition and the Venezuelan currency devaluation announced by the government of Venezuela in February 2013. In 2013, the company also
recorded pre-tax charges of $17 million primarily related to remediation efforts associated with modifications to the SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pump in conjunction with re-filing for 510(k) clearance.  
 Marketing and administrative expenses in 2013 included charges totaling $124 million related to tax and legal reserves associated with VAT matters in
Turkey and existing class-action and other related litigation, including litigation fees. Income tax expense in 2013 included a net benefit of $6 million related to uncertain tax positions in Switzerland and Turkey. Other (income) expense, net in
2013 included the offsetting impact of $35 million in noncontrolling interest for the VAT and tax items above associated with the company’s non-wholly owned joint venture in Turkey.    In 2013, 2012 and 2011, the company’s results were impacted by costs associated with the company’s execution of certain strategies to optimize its organizational structure, as the company
implemented actions to optimize its overall cost structure on a global basis. These actions included streamlining the company’s international operations, rationalizing its manufacturing facilities, improving its general and administrative
infrastructure,  re-aligning  certain R&D activities and cancelling certain R&D programs. The company recorded pre-tax business optimization charges of $280 million, $150 million, and $192 million in
2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively, which impacted cost of sales, marketing and administrative expenses and, in 2012 and 2013, R&D expenses. The 2013 business optimization charge also included a benefit of $20 million related to an adjustment to
a business optimization reserve recorded in a prior period. Refer to Note 6 for further information regarding these charges.    In 2012, the
company recognized a net benefit of $23 million in cost of sales primarily related to an adjustment to the COLLEAGUE infusion pump reserve when the company substantially completed its recall activities in the United States. Refer to Note 6 for
further information regarding the COLLEAGUE infusion pump charge and related reserve adjustment.    In 2012, the company also recorded pre-tax
charges of $170 million primarily related to pension settlement charges and other pension-related items, and business development charges of $128 million principally related to upfront payments for collaboration agreements. Also included in 2012
results were gains of $91 million related to the reduction of certain contingent payment liabilities. Refer to Note 12 for further information regarding the pension settlement charges, Note 4 for further information regarding the business
development charges, and Note 9 for further information regarding the gains from reductions of contingent payment liabilities.    In 2011, the
company also recorded pre-tax charges of $79 million related to the resolution of litigation pertaining to average wholesale prices (AWP) and certain historical rebate and discount adjustments, $62 million in asset impairments primarily related to
the write-down of Greek government bonds, and $41 million principally related to a contribution to the Baxter International Foundation.  
      26  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Net Sales  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Percent change 
   
 
     
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 At actual currency rates 
   
   
 At constant currency rates 
   
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   BioScience 
    
 $ 
 6,564 
    
    
 $ 
 6,237 
    
    
 $ 
 6,053 
    
    
   
 5% 
    
    
   
 3% 
    
   
   
 6% 
    
    
   
 6% 
    
 
   Medical Products 
    
   
 8,695 
    
    
   
 7,953 
    
    
   
 7,840 
    
    
   
 9% 
    
    
   
 1% 
    
   
   
 10% 
    
    
   
 4% 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total net sales 
    
 $ 
 15,259 
    
    
 $ 
 14,190 
    
    
 $ 
 13,893 
    
    
   
 8% 
    
    
   
 2% 
    
   
   
 8% 
    
    
   
 5% 
    
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Percent change 
   
 
     
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 At actual currency rates 
   
   
 At constant currency rates 
   
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
     
   
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 6,451 
    
    
 $ 
 6,056 
    
    
 $ 
 5,709 
    
    
   
 7% 
    
    
   
 6% 
    
   
   
 7% 
    
    
   
 6% 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 8,808 
    
    
   
 8,134 
    
    
   
 8,184 
    
    
   
 8% 
    
    
   
 (1% 
 )  
   
   
 9% 
    
    
   
 4% 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total net sales 
    
 $ 
 15,259 
    
    
 $ 
 14,190 
    
    
 $ 
 13,893 
    
    
   
 8% 
    
    
   
 2% 
    
   
   
 8% 
    
    
   
 5% 
    
 
     
   
   Foreign currency did not have a significant impact on net sales in 2013 as the weakening of the U.S. Dollar relative
to the Euro was offset by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar relative to the Japanese Yen and certain other currencies. Foreign currency unfavorably impacted net sales by 3 percentage points in 2012 principally due to the strengthening of the
U.S. Dollar relative to the Euro. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, total net sales growth was 8% and 5% in 2013 and 2012, respectively, primarily driven by improved sales volumes (demand).  
 In 2013, the acquisition of Gambro in September 2013 contributed 4 percentage points towards sales growth. In 2012, the acquisitions of Synovis and Baxa
contributed 2 percentage points towards sales growth. Additionally, included in net sales in the Medical Products segment were sales of $58 million in 2011 related to the U.S. multi-source generic injectables business, which was divested by the
company in the first half of 2011. The divestiture of this business unfavorably impacted total net sales growth by 1 percentage point in 2012. Refer to Note 2 for further information regarding this divestiture and Note 4 for further information
regarding the Gambro, Synovis, and Baxa acquisitions.    The comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency
sales at the prior year’s foreign exchange rates. This measure provides information on the change in net sales assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and the current period. The company believes that the
non-GAAP measure of change in net sales at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the GAAP measure of change in net sales at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company’s operations and can
facilitate a fuller analysis of the company’s results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.  
 Franchise Net Sales Reporting    Effective
January 1, 2013, Baxter transitioned to a commercial franchise structure for reporting net sales within each segment. Prior period net sales have been reclassified to reflect the new commercial franchise structure. Refer to the segment net
sales discussions below for a description of each commercial franchise.  
      27  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  BioScience    The BioScience segment includes four commercial franchises: Hemophilia, BioTherapeutics, BioSurgery and Vaccines.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Hemophilia  includes sales of recombinant factor VIII products and plasma-derived hemophilia products (primarily plasma-derived factor IX, factor
VIII and inhibitor therapies). Recombinant and plasma-based hemophilia products were previously reported in separate product categories.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   BioTherapeutics  includes sales of the company’s antibody-replacement immunoglobulin therapies and other plasma-based therapies, such as
albumin and alpha-1 antitrypsin products. Antibody therapies and other plasma-based products were previously reported in separate product categories.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   BioSurgery  consists of biological products and medical devices used in surgical procedures for hemostasis, tissue sealing, adhesion prevention
and hard tissue repair, as well as soft tissue repair and microsurgery products.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Vaccines  consists primarily of vaccines for meningitis C and tick-borne encephalitis, as well as ongoing collaborations for the development of
seasonal and pandemic influenza vaccines.    The following is a summary of net sales by franchise in the BioScience segment.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Percent change 
   
 
     
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 At actual currency rates 
   
    
 At constant currency rates 
   
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Hemophilia 
    
 $ 
 3,437 
    
    
 $ 
 3,241 
    
    
 $ 
 3,216 
    
    
   
 6% 
    
    
   
 1% 
    
    
   
 7% 
    
    
   
 4% 
    
 
   BioTherapeutics 
    
   
 2,118 
    
    
   
 2,069 
    
    
   
 2,002 
    
    
   
 2% 
    
    
   
 3% 
    
    
   
 2% 
    
    
   
 4% 
    
 
   BioSurgery 
    
   
 717 
    
    
   
 673 
    
    
   
 580 
    
    
   
 7% 
    
    
   
 16% 
    
    
   
 6% 
    
    
   
 19% 
    
 
   Vaccines 
    
   
 292 
    
    
   
 254 
    
    
   
 255 
    
    
   
 15% 
    
    
   
 —% 
    
    
   
 18% 
    
    
   
 8% 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total BioScience net sales 
    
 $ 
 6,564 
    
    
 $ 
 6,237 
    
    
 $ 
 6,053 
    
    
   
 5% 
    
    
   
 3% 
    
    
   
 6% 
    
    
   
 6% 
    
 
     
   
   Net sales in the BioScience segment increased 5% and 3% in 2013 and 2012, respectively (with an unfavorable foreign
currency impact of 1 percentage point in 2013 and an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 3 percentage points in 2012). Excluding the impact of foreign currency, the principal drivers impacting net sales were the following:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In the Hemophilia franchise, sales growth in 2013 was driven primarily by strong demand globally for the company’s advanced recombinant therapy,
ADVATE, and the company’s plasma-based inhibitor bypass therapy, FEIBA. Also contributing to sales growth in 2013 were shipments to Brazil as part of Baxter’s ongoing partnership with Hemobrás. Sales growth in 2012 was driven
primarily by strong U.S. demand for ADVATE, which was partially offset by lower tender sales in Australia in 2012.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In the BioTherapeutics franchise, sales increased during 2013 primarily due to growth of immunoglobulin therapies resulting from improved product
availability and accelerated demand for GAMMAGARD LIQUID [Immune Globulin Intravenous (Human)], albumin and Alpha-1 treatments. Sales growth was partially offset in 2013 by lower international sales as a result of an exit from certain markets due to
previous supply constraints. Sales growth in 2012 was primarily the result of demand in the United States for GAMMAGARD LIQUID and the favorable impact from pricing benefits related to geographic mix as the company optimized its global supply in
light of a planned, temporary shutdown during the second half of 2012.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Sales in the BioSurgery franchise in both years were favorably impacted by sales growth for Synovis, which Baxter acquired during the first quarter of
2012, and solid growth for the company’s surgical sealants TISSEEL and FLOSEAL.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In the Vaccines franchise, sales growth in both years was primarily driven by higher international sales of FSME-IMMUN (a tick-borne encephalitis
vaccine) and milestone payments from ongoing collaborations relating to the development of influenza vaccines.  
      28  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Medical Products    The Medical Products segment includes four commercial franchises: Fluid Systems, Renal, Specialty Pharmaceuticals, and BioPharma Solutions.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Fluid Systems  principally includes IV therapies, infusion pumps, administration sets and premixed and oncology drug platforms. IV therapies were
previously reported with nutrition products in IV Therapies, and Infusion Systems and Global Injectables were previously reported in separate product categories.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Renal  consists of therapies for PD, HD, HHD and CRRT. Effective September 2013, the Renal franchise includes the results of Gambro. Refer to
Note 4 for additional information.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Specialty Pharmaceuticals  principally includes nutrition and anesthesia products. Nutrition products were previously reported within the IV
Therapies product category and anesthesia products were previously reported as a separate product category.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   BioPharma Solutions  principally includes sales from the pharmaceutical partnering business and pharmacy compounding services, which were
previously reported with the Global Injectables product category.    The following is a summary of net sales by franchise in
the Medical Products segment.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Percent change 
   
 
     
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 At actual currency rates 
   
   
 At constant currency rates 
   
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Fluid Systems 
    
 $ 
 3,106 
    
    
 $ 
 2,937 
    
    
 $ 
 2,973 
    
    
   
 6% 
    
   
   
 (1% 
 )  
   
   
 6% 
    
   
   
 0% 
    
 
   Renal 
    
   
 3,089 
    
    
   
 2,527 
    
    
   
 2,530 
    
    
   
 22% 
    
   
   
 —% 
    
   
   
 24% 
    
   
   
 2% 
    
 
   Specialty Pharmaceuticals 
    
   
 1,508 
    
    
   
 1,475 
    
    
   
 1,328 
    
    
   
 2% 
    
   
   
 11% 
    
   
   
 2% 
    
   
   
 14% 
    
 
   BioPharma Solutions 
    
   
 992 
    
    
   
 1,014 
    
    
   
 1,009 
    
    
   
 (2% 
 )  
   
   
 1% 
    
   
   
 (2% 
 )  
   
   
 2% 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total Medical Products net sales 
    
 $ 
 8,695 
    
    
 $ 
 7,953 
    
    
 $ 
 7,840 
    
    
   
 9% 
    
   
   
 1% 
    
   
   
 10% 
    
   
   
 4% 
    
 
     
   
   Net sales in the Medical Products segment increased 9% and 1% in 2013 and 2012, respectively (with an unfavorable foreign
currency impact of 1 percentage point in 2013 and an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 3 percentage points in 2012). Excluding the impact of foreign currency, the principal drivers impacting net sales were the following:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In the Fluid Systems franchise, sales growth in 2013 was primarily driven by increased sales of cyclophosphamide (a generic oncology drug) due to
improved pricing in the United States and strong demand for IV solutions. Sales growth in 2013 was partially offset by an expected decline in SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pump sales due to suspension of sales to new accounts commencing with the receipt
of the FDA Warning Letter in April 2013. Refer to Certain Regulatory Matters for additional information. In 2012, the favorable impact of price increases for cyclophosphamide in the United States was offset by lower global sales of access sets used
in the administration of IV solutions and lower sales of SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pumps, which principally related to the substantial completion of the COLLEAGUE infusion pump recall activities in the United States in the third quarter of 2012.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   In the Renal franchise, sales in 2013 included $513 million from Gambro following the acquisition in September 2013. Excluding the impact of Gambro,
sales grew 2 percent (or 4 percent on a constant currency basis) during 2013 driven by growth in the number of PD patients in the United States and emerging markets. During 2012, the favorable impact of PD patient growth in Asia, Latin America and
the United States was partially offset by lower sales of HD products.  
      29  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   In the Specialty Pharmaceuticals franchise, sales in both years were favorably impacted by strong, global sales of anesthetics. During 2012, sales also
benefited from a favorable contribution from the fourth quarter 2011 acquisition of Baxa. During 2013, sales growth was partially offset by lower sales of nutrition products due to supplier shortages of distributed vitamins and lipids.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Sales in the BioPharma Solutions franchise declined during 2013 as a result of delayed shipments from the company’s Bloomington, Indiana facility,
which was partially offset by an improvement in sales during the fourth quarter of 2013 as a result of timing of orders and shipments as supply constraints were alleviated. Sales during 2012 grew primarily due to improved sales in the international
pharmacy compounding business.    Gross Margin and Expense Ratios  
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
      
   
   
      
   
   
      
   
   
      
 Change 
   
 
 years ended December 31 (as a percent of net sales) 
      
 2013 
   
      
 2012 
   
      
 2011 
   
      
 2013 
   
      
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
      
   
 49.8% 
    
      
   
 51.5% 
    
      
   
 50.7% 
    
      
   
 (1.7 pts 
 )  
      
   
 0.8 pts 
    
 
   Marketing and administrative expenses 
      
   
 24.1% 
    
      
   
 23.4% 
    
      
   
 22.7% 
    
      
   
 0.7 pts 
    
      
   
 0.7 pts 
    
 
     
   
   Gross Margin    The special items identified above had an unfavorable impact of 1.3, 0.3 and 0.7 percentage points on the gross margin percentage in 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. Refer to the Special Items caption
above for additional detail.    In addition to the impact of the special items, the gross margin percentage in 2013 declined compared to 2012
primarily as a result of the integration of the lower margin Gambro business, which had an unfavorable impact of 0.5 percentage points on the gross margin percentage in 2013. Also contributing to the decline in the gross margin percentage during
2013 was an unfavorable impact from foreign currency, increased pension plan costs, government austerity measures and the realization of additional costs associated with modifications and the ramp-up of production at the company’s Los Angeles
fractionation facilities. These declines were partially offset by improved product mix and price improvements, particularly for cyclophosphamide.    In addition to the impact of the special items, the gross margin percentage in 2012 improved compared to 2011 due to the benefit from sales growth in higher margin products in the BioScience segment, the
resolution of prior year manufacturing issues at the company’s Castlebar, Ireland facility, and a modest favorable impact of foreign currency. These improvements in gross margin were partially offset by margin dilution from business development
activities, increased pension plan costs and government austerity measures.    Marketing and Administrative Expenses  
 The special items identified above had an unfavorable impact of 2.1, 1.7 and 1.6 percentage points on the marketing and administrative expenses ratio in
2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively. Refer to the Special Items caption above for additional detail.    In addition to the unfavorable impact of
the special items, the marketing and administrative expenses ratio in 2013 increased primarily as a result of the impact of Gambro’s operations since the September 2013 acquisition, which reflects a higher marketing and administrative expenses
ratio for Gambro compared to Baxter. In addition to the impact of the Gambro acquisition, the marketing and administrative expenses ratio in 2013 increased as the company’s focus on controlling discretionary spending was offset by increased
pension costs and select investments and spending on marketing and promotional programs for new launches and to enhance the company’s global presence in international markets.    In addition to the unfavorable impact of the special items, the marketing and administrative expenses ratio in 2012 increased as a result of incremental expenses from the operations of Baxa and Synovis,
acquisition-related  
      30  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
expenses, additional spending on marketing and promotional programs, and an increase in pension plan costs as described below. These factors were partially offset by savings from the
company’s business optimization initiatives and the company’s continued focus on controlling discretionary spending.    Pension
Plan Costs    Fluctuations in pension plan costs impacted the company’s gross margin and expense ratios. The pension cost in 2012
included settlement charges of $168 million primarily related to the settlement of certain U.S. pension obligations. Excluding the impact of the 2012 settlement charges, pension plan costs increased $70 million in 2013 and $43 million in 2012 due to
lower interest rates used to discount the plans’ projected benefit obligations and an increase in amortization of actuarial losses. The 2012 pension settlements resulted in savings to pre-tax income of $20 million in 2013.  
 The costs of the company’s pension plans are expected to decrease from $336 the plans’ projected benefit obligations. The amortization of
deferred losses is expected to decrease to $144 million from $245 million in 2013.    Business Optimization Items  
 The company has implemented certain business optimization initiatives in an effort to streamline its international operations, rationalize its
manufacturing facilities, enhance its general and administrative infrastructure and re-align certain R&D activities. In 2013, the company recorded business optimization charges of $314 million. The company estimates that the new initiatives will
yield annualized savings of approximately $0.17 per diluted share when the program is fully implemented in 2015. The savings from these actions will impact cost of sales, marketing and administrative expenses and R&D expenses, and benefit both
the BioScience and Medical Products segments. Refer to Note 6 for additional information regarding the company’s business optimization initiatives.    The company has previously recognized business optimization charges of $150 million and $192 million in 2012 and 2011, respectively, associated with initiatives that the company estimates have resulted in
annualized savings of approximately $0.13 per diluted share in 2013. The company expects additional annualized savings of approximately $0.11 per diluted share when these programs are fully implemented in 2015.  
 Research and Development      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
      
   
   
      
   
   
      
   
   
      
 Percent change 
   
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
      
 2013 
   
      
 2012 
   
      
 2011 
   
      
 2013 
   
      
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Research and development expenses 
      
   
 $1,246 
    
      
   
 $1,156 
    
      
   
 $946 
    
      
   
 8% 
    
      
   
 22% 
    
 
   as a percent of net sales 
      
   
 8.2% 
    
      
   
 8.1% 
    
      
   
 6.8% 
    
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
     
   
   R&D expenses increased in both 2013 and 2012. In addition to the special items identified above, R&D expenses
increased in 2013 principally as a result of the acquisition of Gambro. Additionally, R&D expenses grew in both years due to investments made by the company to advance a number of key R&D programs in the pipeline. Refer to the discussion
under Strategic Objectives above for additional detail.    Net Interest Expense    Net interest expense increased by $41 million in 2013 and increased by $33 million in 2012. The increase in 2013 was principally driven by an increase in debt from the issuance of $1.0 billion of senior
notes in August 2012 and $3.5 billion of senior notes in June 2013. The increase in 2012 was principally driven by an increase in debt from the issuances of $500 million 1.85% senior unsecured notes in December 2011, and $700 million 2.40% senior
unsecured notes and $300 million 3.65% senior unsecured notes in August 2012, as well as lower interest income. Refer to Note 2 for a summary of the components of net interest expense for 2013, 2012 and 2011.  
      31  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other (Income) Expense, Net    Other (income) expense, net was $9 million and $155 million of income in 2013 and 2012, respectively, and $83 million of expense in 2011. Refer to Note 2 for a table that details the components of other
(income) expense, net for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011. Other (income) expense, net in each year included amounts relating to equity method investments and foreign currency fluctuations, principally relating to intercompany
receivables, payables and loans denominated in a foreign currency.    During 2013, other (income) expense, net included the benefit from a net
loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of $31 million in 2013, which was mostly offset by foreign currency charges of $26 million and the company’s bridge loan facility fee of $13 million associated with the Gambro acquisition.
   During 2012, other (income) expense, net included gains of $53 million and $38 million for the reduction of certain contingent payment
liabilities related to the prior acquisitions of Prism and ApaTech, respectively. Additionally, other (income) expense, net included the benefit from a net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of $28 million in 2012, which was prospectively
classified as other (income) expense, net effective January 1, 2012.    During 2011, other (income) expense, net included asset impairment
charges totaling $62 million primarily related to the write-down of Greek government bonds.    Pre-Tax Income  
 Refer to Note 16 for a summary of financial results by segment. The following is a summary of significant factors impacting the segments’ financial
results.    BioScience    Pre-tax
income increased 5% in 2013 and decreased 4% in 2012. Included in pre-tax income during 2013 were R&D charges of $78 million primarily related to upfront and milestone payments associated with the company’s collaborations with Cell
Therapeutics and Coherus. Included in pre-tax income during 2012 were business development charges of $123 million, primarily related to R&D charges associated with the company’s collaborations with Onconova, Chatham and Momenta, and a gain
of $38 million related to the reduction of a contingent payment liability for certain milestones associated with the 2010 acquisition of ApaTech.    Excluding the impact of the above items, pre-tax income in 2013 increased by 5% primarily due to sales growth of higher margin products and the receipt of milestone payments related to ongoing
collaborations for the development of influenza vaccines. The increase in pre-tax income for both periods was partially offset by increased spending on marketing and promotional programs.    Excluding the impact of the above items, pre-tax income in 2012 declined by 1% as sales growth of certain higher margin products was more than offset by an increase in spending on R&D driven by
funding of key programs and the achievement of certain milestones, increased spending on new marketing and promotional programs, and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency.    Medical Products    Pre-tax income decreased 12% in 2013 and increased 5% in 2012. Included
in pre-tax income in 2013 were Gambro acquisition and integration-related costs of $192 million, in addition to product-related charges of $16 million principally related to remediation efforts associated with modifications to the SIGMA Spectrum
Infusion Pump in conjunction with re-filing for 510(k) clearance. Also included in pre-tax income in 2013 was an R&D charge of $25 million related to the company’s collaboration arrangement with JW Holdings.  
      32  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Included in pre-tax income in 2012 was a gain of $53 million related to the reduction of the contingent
payment liability for certain milestones associated with the 2011 acquisition of Prism and a net benefit from reserve adjustments of $23 million, which primarily related to an adjustment to the COLLEAGUE infusion pump reserves.  
 Excluding the impact of the above items, pre-tax income in 2013 increased by 7% primarily due to a favorable impact of sales growth of higher margin
products and the favorable impact from foreign currency.    Excluding the impact of the above items from 2012, pre-tax income in 2012 was flat
to 2011 as the favorable impact of the resolution of prior year manufacturing issues at the company’s Castlebar, Ireland facility was offset by increases in R&D spending, increases in marketing and administrative expenses, and the
unfavorable impact of foreign currency.    Other    Certain income and expense amounts are not allocated to a segment. These amounts are detailed in the table in Note 16 and primarily include net interest expense, certain foreign exchange fluctuations
(principally relating to intercompany receivables, payables and loans denominated in foreign currency) and certain foreign currency hedging activities, corporate headquarters costs, stock compensation expense, income and expense related to certain
non-strategic investments, certain employee benefit plan costs (including the 2012 pension settlement charges), certain nonrecurring gains and losses, certain charges (such as business optimization, litigation, and asset impairment), and
contributions to the Baxter International Foundation.    Income Taxes    Effective Income Tax Rate    The effective income tax rate was 21.1% in 2013 and 20% in both
2012 and 2011. The company anticipates that the effective income tax rate, calculated in accordance with GAAP, will be approximately 21.7% in 2014, excluding any impact from additional audit developments or other special items.  
 The company’s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate each year due to certain operations that are subject to tax
incentives, state and local taxes and foreign taxes that are different than the U.S. federal statutory rate. The average foreign effective tax rate on International pre-tax income was 18%, 17% and 15% for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012
and 2011, respectively. The company’s average foreign effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate as a result of the impact of tax incentives in Puerto Rico, Switzerland and certain other tax jurisdictions outside of the
United States, as well as foreign earnings in tax jurisdictions with lower statutory rates than the United States. In addition, as discussed further below, the company’s effective income tax rate can be impacted in each year by discrete factors
or events. Refer to Note 14 for further information regarding the company’s income taxes.    Factors impacting the company’s effective
tax rate in 2013 included the favorable settlement of the company’s bilateral Advance Pricing Agreement proceedings between the U.S. government and the government of Switzerland with respect to intellectual property, product, and service
transfer pricing arrangements, which was offset by other contingent tax matters principally related to transfer pricing. Additionally, the effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by increases in valuation allowances in respect of the tax benefit
from losses that the company does not believe that it is more likely than not to realize and interest expense related to the company’s unrecognized tax benefits. Partially offsetting these unfavorable items were $16 million of U.S. R&D
credits. Additionally, the company’s effective tax rate was impacted by a change in the earnings mix from lower tax to higher tax rate jurisdictions compared to the prior year.    Factors impacting the company’s effective tax rate in 2012 were gains of $53 million and $38 million for the reduction of certain contingent payment liabilities related to the prior acquisitions of
Prism and ApaTech,  
      33  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
respectively, for which there were no tax charges. Also impacting the effective tax rate was a cost of sales reduction of $37 million for an adjustment to the COLLEAGUE infusion pump reserves
when the company substantially completed the recall in the United States in 2012, for which there was no tax charge. These items were offset by a change in the earnings mix from lower tax to higher tax rate jurisdictions compared to the prior year
period.    Factors impacting the company’s effective tax rate in 2011 were tax benefits from the business optimization charge, the average
wholesale price (AWP) litigation and historical price reporting charge, and other charges in 2011 which were incurred in jurisdictions with rates higher than the effective rate.    Income and Earnings per Diluted Share   Net income attributable to Baxter was $2.0
billion in 2013, $2.3 billion in 2012 and $2.2 billion in 2011. The corresponding net earnings per diluted share were $3.66 in 2013, $4.18 in 2012 and $3.88 in 2011. The significant factors and events causing the net changes from 2012 to 2013 and
from 2011 to 2012 are discussed above. Additionally, net income attributable to Baxter per diluted share was positively impacted by the repurchase of 13 million shares in 2013, 25 million shares in 2012 and 30 million shares in 2011.
Refer to Note 11 for further information regarding the company’s stock repurchases.    LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  
 Cash Flows from Operations    Cash flows
from operations totaled $3.2 billion in 2013, $3.1 billion in 2012 and $2.8 billion in 2011. The increase in cash flows in 2013 from 2012 was primarily due to the factors discussed below and was partially offset by lower earnings before non-cash
items and adjustments. The increase in cash flows in 2012 from 2011 was primarily due to the factors discussed below and was partially offset by lower earnings before non-cash items and adjustments. Other non-cash items and adjustments of $42
million in 2012 included non-cash gains of $91 million from the reduction of certain contingent payment liabilities from prior acquisitions. Also included in other non-cash items and adjustments in 2012 was $113 million in R&D charges associated
with upfront payments made for the execution of 2012 collaboration agreements, which have been included in cash flows from investing activities.    Accounts Receivable    Cash flows relating to accounts receivable increased in both 2012 and
2013. Days sales outstanding were 55.9 days, 53.3 days and 53.5 days for 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Days sales outstanding in 2013 included an unfavorable impact of 3.4 days from the acquisition of Gambro in September 2013. Excluding the
impact of Gambro, days sales outstanding declined to 52.5 days in 2013 reflecting an improvement in collection periods in both the United States and certain international markets. The decrease in 2012 was due to collections of certain past due
balances in Europe, partially offset by longer collection periods in the United States and the unfavorable impact of foreign currency.  
 Inventories    Cash outflows for
inventories increased in 2013 and decreased in 2012. The following is a summary of inventories at December 31, 2013 and 2012, as well as inventory turns by segment for 2013, 2012 and 2011. Inventory turns for the year are calculated as the
annualized fourth quarter cost of sales divided by the year-end inventory balance.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Inventories 
   
    
 Inventory turns 
   
 
 (in millions, except inventory turn data) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   BioScience 
    
 $ 
 2,078 
    
    
 $ 
 1,745 
    
    
   
 1.49 
    
    
   
 1.48 
    
    
   
 1.52 
    
 
   Medical Products 
    
   
 1,421 
    
    
   
 1,058 
    
    
   
 4.36 
    
    
   
 4.25 
    
    
   
 4.52 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total company 
    
 $ 
 3,499 
    
    
 $ 
 2,803 
    
    
   
 2.66 
    
    
   
 2.52 
    
    
   
 2.66 
    
 
     
   
 
      34  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The increase in inventories in 2013 was principally due to additional inventories acquired as part of the
Gambro transaction and higher levels of plasma protein-related inventories in the BioScience segment to meet growing demand.    Inventory turns
for the total company increased during 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to strong sales and inventory management efforts. Inventory turns in 2013 also included the favorable impacts from purchase accounting related to the acquisition of Gambro
and the business optimization charge recorded in cost of sales in 2013.    Inventory turns for the total company in 2012 were unfavorably
impacted by the increase in inventories and the lower business optimization charge recorded in cost of sales in 2012 as compared to 2011. Refer to Note 6 for further information regarding these charges.  
 Other    Cash inflows related to accounts
payable and accrued liabilities were $329 million in 2013 compared to $18 million in 2012. The increase in cash inflows during 2013 was primarily driven by timing of payments to suppliers and the impact of lower litigation-related payments compared
to 2012.    Payments related to the execution of the COLLEAGUE infusion pump recall and the company’s business optimization initiatives
decreased by $158 million and $64 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, as the company completed its recall activities in the United States in the third quarter of 2012. Refer to Note 6 for further information regarding the COLLEAGUE infusion pump
recall and the business optimization initiatives.    Cash outflows related to other balance sheet items were $103 million in 2013 compared to
$171 million in 2012. The decrease in cash outflows during 2013 was primarily driven by hedging activity and lower pension plan contributions during 2013. Cash contributions to the company’s pension plans totaled $67 million, $78 million and
$251 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and included a discretionary cash contribution to the company’s U.S. pension plan of $150 million in 2011.    Cash Flows from Investing Activities    Capital Expenditures  
 Capital expenditures totaled $1.5 billion in 2013, $1.2 billion in 2012 and $960 million in 2011. The company’s investments in capital expenditures
in 2013 were primarily driven by additional investments in support of new and existing product capacity expansions in the BioScience segment. The company also invested in projects that enhance the company’s cost structure and manufacturing
capabilities and support the company’s strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets.    In addition, the
company continues to invest to support an ongoing strategic focus on R&D with the expansion of facilities, pilot manufacturing sites and laboratories. Capital expenditures also included the company’s multi-year initiative to implement a
global enterprise resource planning system designed to consolidate and standardize business processes, data and systems.    The company makes
investments in capital expenditures at a level sufficient to support the strategic and operating needs of the businesses, and continues to improve capital allocation discipline in making investments to enhance long-term growth. The company expects
to invest approximately $1.8 billion in capital expenditures in 2014, which includes Gambro-related expenditures and expected capital expenditures related to the construction of the plasma manufacturing facility in Covington, Georgia.  
 Acquisitions and Investments    Net cash
outflows related to acquisitions and investments were $3.9 billion in 2013, $515 million in 2012 and $590 million in 2011.  
      35  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Cash outflows relating to acquisitions and investments of $3.9 billion in 2013 principally included $3.6
billion for the third quarter acquisition of Gambro (net of cash acquired of $88 million) and a cash outflow of $51 million for the first quarter acquisition of the investigational hemophilia compound OBI-1 and related net assets from Inspiration
BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. and Ipsen Pharma S.A.S. Refer to Note 4 for further information about these acquisitions. Also included in cash outflows relating to acquisitions and investments in 2013 were $130 million principally related to upfront and
milestone-related payments associated with the company’s collaboration arrangements with Cell Therapeutics, Coherus and JW Holdings.    The
cash outflows in 2012 included $304 million associated with the acquisition of Synovis, $19 million related to the acquisition of Laboratoire Fasonut, and $50 million for an investment in the preferred stock of Onconova. Also included in cash
outflows related to acquisitions and investments in 2012 were upfront payments of $113 million made to execute collaboration agreements during the period. Refer to Note 4 for further information about these acquisitions and investments.  
 The cash outflows in 2011 principally included $360 million related to the acquisition of Baxa (which excludes a working capital adjustment received in
2012) and $170 million associated with the acquisition of Prism, as well as an $18 million payment to exercise an option related to the company’s collaboration agreement for the development of a home HD machine. Also included in cash outflows
in 2011 were $18 million related to an investment in the common stock of Enobia Pharma Corporation (Enobia) and a $10 million payment related to the arrangement with Ceremed, Inc. Refer to Note 4 for further information about the Baxa and Prism
acquisitions.    Divestitures and Other Investing Activities    Net cash inflows relating to divestitures and other investing activities were $14 million in 2013, $107 million in 2012 and $123 million in 2011. Cash inflows in 2013 primarily related to various sales of
certain investments and other assets. Cash inflows in 2012 primarily related to proceeds of $59 million from the sale and maturity of available-for-sale securities (including the sale of Greek government bonds) and $19 million from the sale of the
common stock of Enobia.    Cash Flows from Financing Activities    Debt Issuances, Net of Payments of Obligations    Net cash inflows related to debt and other
financing obligations were $3.0 billion in 2013, $765 million in 2012, and $733 million in 2011.    In June 2013, the company issued $3.5
billion of senior notes with various maturities to finance the acquisition of Gambro. Approximately $3.0 billion of the net proceeds of these debt issuances was used to finance the acquisition of Gambro in 2013 and the remainder was used for general
corporate purposes, including the repayment of commercial paper. This issuance was partially offset by the repayment of $300 million of 1.8% senior unsecured notes that matured in March 2013 and payment of assumed Gambro debt of $221 million after
completion of the acquisition in September 2013. Refer to Note 7 for additional information regarding the debt issuance and Note 4 regarding the Gambro acquisition.    In August 2012, the company issued $1.0 billion of senior notes, with $700 million maturing in August 2022 and bearing a 2.40% coupon rate, and $300 million maturing in August 2042 and bearing a 3.65%
coupon rate. The net proceeds of the debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes, which includes capital expenditures associated with previously announced plans to expand capacity to support longer-term growth of the company’s
plasma-based treatments, including with respect to the Covington, Georgia facility.    In December 2011, the company issued $500 million of
senior notes, maturing in January 2017 and bearing a 1.85% coupon rate. In addition, during 2011, the company issued and redeemed commercial paper, of which $250 million was outstanding as of December 31, 2011.  
      36  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The company’s debt instruments discussed above are unsecured and include certain covenants, including
restrictions relating to the company’s creation of secured debt.    Other Financing Activities  
 Cash dividend payments totaled $1.0 billion in 2013, $804 million in 2012 and $709 million in 2011. The increase in cash dividend payments was primarily
due to an increase in the quarterly dividend rate of approximately 9% to $0.49 per share, as announced in May 2013, and the July 2012 quarterly dividend rate increase of approximately 34% to $0.45 per share, first payable on October 1, 2012,
partially offset by the impact of fewer common shares outstanding as a result of the company’s stock repurchase program.    Proceeds and
realized excess tax benefits from stock issued under employee benefit plans totaled $508 million, $512 million and $448 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The significant increase in 2012 was mainly due to increases in stock option
exercises and the weighted-average exercise price. Realized excess tax benefits, which were $34 million in 2013, $24 million in 2012 and $21 million in 2011, are presented in the consolidated statements of cash flows as an outflow in the operating
section and an inflow in the financing section.    As authorized by the board of directors, the company repurchases its stock depending on the
company’s cash flows, net debt level and market conditions. The company repurchased 13 million shares for $913 million in 2013, 25 million shares for $1.5 billion in 2012 and 30 million shares for $1.6 billion in 2011. In
December 2010, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $2.5 billion of the company’s common stock, which was fully utilized as of December 31, 2012. In July 2012, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to
an additional $2.0 billion of the company’s common stock and $1.0 billion remained available as of December 31, 2013.    Also included
in financing activities in 2012 was a payment of $90 million for the exercise of the SIGMA purchase option. Refer to Note 2 for additional information.    Credit Facilities, Access to Capital and Credit Ratings    Credit Facilities
   The company’s primary revolving credit facility has a maximum capacity of $1.5 billion and matures in June 2015. The company also
maintains a Euro-denominated revolving credit facility with a maximum capacity of approximately $413 million at December 31, 2013. In 2013, the company amended the agreement related to this facility to extend the maturity date to December 2014.
The terms of the Euro-denominated credit facility did not substantially change, however certain provisions were amended to more closely align with the company’s primary credit facility. As of December 31, 2013 approximately $124 million
was outstanding under the Euro-denominated facility and there were no outstanding borrowings under the primary revolving credit facility. In 2012, there were no outstanding borrowings under either of these facilities. The company’s facilities
enable the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates, and contain various covenants, including a maximum net-debt-to-capital ratio. At December 31, 2013, the company was in compliance with the financial covenants
in these agreements. The non-performance of any financial institution supporting either of the credit facilities would reduce the maximum capacity of these facilities by each institution’s respective commitment.  
 In January 2013, Baxter entered into an agreement related to a 364-day bridge loan facility with a maximum capacity of $3.1 billion in connection with
the planned acquisition of Gambro. This facility was terminated in the second quarter of 2013 as a result of the company’s June 2013 issuance of debt. The company recognized a $13 million expense related to bridge loan facility structuring and
commitment fees in other (income) expense, net during the second quarter of 2013.    The company also maintains other credit arrangements, as
described in Note 7.  
      37  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Access to Capital    The company intends to fund short-term and long-term obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations or by issuing additional debt. The company had $2.7 billion of cash
and equivalents at December 31, 2013, with adequate cash available to meet operating requirements in each jurisdiction in which the company operates. The company invests its excess cash in certificates of deposit and money market funds, and
diversifies the concentration of cash among different financial institutions.    The company’s ability to generate cash flows from
operations, issue debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company’s products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers,
deterioration in the company’s key financial ratios or credit ratings or other significantly unfavorable changes in conditions. However, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing
arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company’s growth objectives.    The company continues to do
business with foreign governments in certain countries, including Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy, that have experienced a deterioration in credit and economic conditions. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the company’s net accounts
receivable from the public sector in Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy totaled $561 million and $385 million, respectively, (of which $29 million and $66 million, respectively, related to Greece). The company’s net accounts receivable from the
public sector for the countries identified above increased by $176 million during 2013 primarily as a result of the acquisition of Gambro. While the economic downturn has not significantly impacted the company’s ability to collect receivables,
global economic conditions and liquidity issues in certain countries have resulted, and may continue to result, in delays in the collection of receivables and credit losses.    Credit Ratings    The company’s credit ratings at December 31, 2013 were as
follows.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 Standard & Poor’s 
    
 Fitch 
    
 Moody’s 


 
   Ratings 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Senior debt 
    
 A 
    
 A 
    
 A3 
 
   Short-term debt 
    
 A1 
    
 F1 
    
 P2 
 
   Outlook 
    
 Stable 
    
 Negative 
    
 Stable 
 
     
   In 2013, Moody’s upgraded the Company’s outlook from negative to stable.  
 If Baxter’s credit ratings or outlooks were to be downgraded, the company’s financing costs related to its credit arrangements and any future
debt issuances could be unfavorably impacted. However, any future credit rating downgrade or change in outlook would not affect the company’s ability to draw on its credit facilities, and would not result in an acceleration of the scheduled
maturities of any of the company’s outstanding debt, unless, with respect to certain debt instruments, preceded by a change in control of the company.  
      38  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Contractual Obligations    As of December 31, 2013, the company had contractual obligations, excluding accounts payable and accrued liabilities (other than the current portion of unrecognized tax benefits), payable or maturing
in the following periods.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Total 
   
    
 Less than one year 
   
    
   One to   three years 
   
    
   Three to   five years 
   
    
   More than   five years 
   


 
     
   
 
   Short-term debt 
    
 $ 
 181 
    
    
 $ 
 181 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Long-term debt and capital lease obligations, including current maturities 
    
   
 9,020 
    
    
   
 859 
    
    
   
 1,924 
    
    
   
 1,909 
    
    
   
 4,328 
    
 
   Interest on short- and long-term debt and capital lease obligations 1  
    
   
 2,843 
    
    
   
 271 
    
    
   
 470 
    
    
   
 336 
    
    
   
 1,766 
    
 
   Operating leases 
    
   
 1,085 
    
    
   
 216 
    
    
   
 338 
    
    
   
 260 
    
    
   
 271 
    
 
   Other long-term liabilities 2 
    
   
 1,630 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 331 
    
    
   
 139 
    
    
   
 1,160 
    
 
   Purchase obligations 3 
    
   
 1,686 
    
    
   
 914 
    
    
   
 617 
    
    
   
 145 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Unrecognized tax benefits 4 
    
   
 118 
    
    
   
 118 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   Contractual obligations 5 
    
 $ 
 16,563 
    
    
 $ 
 2,559 
    
    
 $ 
 3,680 
    
    
 $ 
 2,789 
    
    
 $ 
 7,535 
    
 
     
   
     
 
 
 1   
   Interest payments on debt and capital lease obligations are calculated for future periods using interest rates in effect at the end of 2013. Projected
interest payments include the related effects of interest rate swap agreements. Certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on changes in floating interest rates, foreign currency fluctuations or other factors or
events. The projected interest payments only pertain to obligations and agreements outstanding at December 31, 2013. Refer to Note 7 and Note 8 for further discussion regarding the company’s debt instruments and related interest rate
agreements outstanding at December 31, 2013.      
 
 
 2   
   The primary components of other long-term liabilities in the company’s consolidated balance sheet are liabilities relating to pension and other
postemployment benefit plans, litigation, foreign currency hedges, and certain income tax-related liabilities. The company projected the timing of the future cash payments based on contractual maturity dates (where applicable) and estimates of the
timing of payments (for liabilities with no contractual maturity dates). The actual timing of payments could differ from the estimates.    The company contributed $67 million, $78 million and $251 million to its defined benefit pension plans in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. Most of the company’s plans are funded. The timing of
funding in the future is uncertain and is dependent on future movements in interest rates and investment returns, changes in laws and regulations, and other variables. Therefore, the table above excludes pension plan cash outflows. The pension plan
balance included in other long-term liabilities (and excluded from the table above) totaled $1.4 billion at December 31, 2013.      
 
 
 3   
   Includes the company’s significant contractual unconditional purchase obligations. For cancelable agreements, includes any penalty due upon
cancellation. These commitments do not exceed the company’s projected requirements and are in the normal course of business. Examples include firm commitments for raw material purchases, utility agreements and service contracts.
     
 
 
 4   
   Due to the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of uncertain tax positions, the long-term liability relating to unrecognized tax benefits
of $275 million at December 31, 2013 has been excluded from the table above.      
 
 
 5   
   Excludes contingent liabilities, including contingent milestone payments of $2.0 billion associated with joint development and commercialization
arrangements and contingent milestone payments of $446 million associated with acquisitions, as well as the company’s unfunded commitment at December 31, 2013 of $50 million as a limited partner in multiple investment companies. These
amounts have been excluded from the contractual obligations above due to uncertainty regarding the timing and amount of future payments. Refer to Note 4, Note 9 and Note 10 for additional information regarding these commitments.
 
      39  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements    Baxter periodically enters into off-balance sheet arrangements. Certain contingencies arise in the normal course of business, and are not recorded in the consolidated balance sheet in accordance with GAAP
(such as contingent joint development and commercialization arrangement payments). Also, upon resolution of uncertainties, the company may incur charges in excess of presently established liabilities for certain matters (such as contractual
indemnifications). For a discussion of the company’s significant off-balance sheet arrangements, refer to Note 10 for information regarding joint development and commercialization arrangements and indemnifications, Note 9 regarding receivable
securitizations and Note 15 regarding legal contingencies.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT MARKET RISK  
 The company operates on a global basis and is exposed to the risk that its earnings, cash flows and equity could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in
foreign exchange and interest rates. The company’s hedging policy attempts to manage these risks to an acceptable level based on the company’s judgment of the appropriate trade-off between risk, opportunity and costs. Refer to Note 8 and
Note 9 for further information regarding the company’s financial instruments and hedging strategies.    Currency Risk  
 The company is primarily exposed to foreign exchange risk with respect to recognized assets and liabilities, forecasted transactions and net assets
denominated in the Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Brazilian Real, Colombian Peso, and Swedish Krona. The company manages its foreign currency exposures on a consolidated basis, which allows the company to net
exposures and take advantage of any natural offsets. In addition, the company uses derivative and nonderivative financial instruments to further reduce the net exposure to foreign exchange. Gains and losses on the hedging instruments offset losses
and gains on the hedged transactions and reduce the earnings and shareholders’ equity volatility relating to foreign exchange. Financial market and currency volatility may limit the company’s ability to cost-effectively hedge these
exposures.    The company may use options, forwards and cross-currency swaps to hedge the foreign exchange risk to earnings relating to
forecasted transactions denominated in foreign currencies and recognized assets and liabilities. The maximum term over which the company has cash flow hedge contracts in place related to forecasted transactions at December 31, 2013 is 24
months. The company also enters into derivative instruments to hedge certain intercompany and third-party receivables and payables and debt denominated in foreign currencies.    In 2012, the company entered into option contracts with a total notional amount of $2.8 billion to hedge anticipated foreign currency cash outflows associated with the acquisition of Gambro. In the first
quarter of 2013, the company entered into an additional $900 million of Gambro-related option contracts. These contracts matured in the second quarter of 2013 and the company entered into forward contracts with a total notional amount of $1.5
billion to also hedge anticipated foreign currency cash outflows associated with the acquisition of Gambro, which matured in the third quarter of 2013.    Currency restrictions enacted in Venezuela require Baxter to obtain approval from the Venezuelan government to exchange Venezuelan Bolivars for U.S. Dollars and require such exchange to be made at the
official exchange rate established by the government. Since January 1, 2010, Venezuela has been designated as a highly inflationary economy under GAAP and as a result, the functional currency of the company’s subsidiary in Venezuela is the
U.S. Dollar. Effective February 8, 2013, the Venezuelan government devalued the official exchange rate from 4.3 to 6.3, which resulted in a charge of $11 million during 2013. As of December 31, 2013, the company’s subsidiary in
Venezuela had net assets of $30 million denominated in the Venezuelan Bolivar. In 2013, net sales in Venezuela represented less than 1% of Baxter’s total net sales.    As part of its risk-management program, the company performs sensitivity analyses to assess potential changes in the fair value of its foreign exchange instruments relating to hypothetical and reasonably
possible near-term movements in foreign exchange rates.  
      40  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  A sensitivity analysis of changes in the fair value of foreign exchange option and forward contracts
outstanding at December 31, 2013, while not predictive in nature, indicated that if the U.S. Dollar uniformly weakened by 10% against all currencies, on a net-of-tax basis, the net asset balance of $18 million with respect to those
contracts would decrease by $71 million, resulting in a net liability position. A similar analysis performed with respect to option and forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2012 indicated that, on a net-of-tax basis, the net asset
balance of $37 million would increase by $10 million.    The sensitivity analysis model recalculates the fair value of the foreign exchange
option and forward contracts outstanding at December 31, 2013 by replacing the actual exchange rates at December 31, 2013 with exchange rates that are 10% weaker compared to the actual exchange rates for each applicable currency. All other
factors are held constant. These sensitivity analyses disregard the possibility that currency exchange rates can move in opposite directions and that gains from one currency may or may not be offset by losses from another currency. The analyses also
disregard the offsetting change in value of the underlying hedged transactions and balances.    Interest Rate and Other Risks  
 The company is also exposed to the risk that its earnings and cash flows could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in interest rates. The company’s
policy is to manage interest costs using a mix of fixed- and floating-rate debt that the company believes is appropriate. To manage this mix in a cost-efficient manner, the company periodically enters into interest rate swaps in which the company
agrees to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional amount. The company also periodically uses forward-starting interest rate swaps and treasury
rate locks to hedge the risk to earnings associated with fluctuations in interest rates relating to anticipated issuances of term debt.    As
part of its risk management program, the company performs sensitivity analyses to assess potential gains and losses in earnings relating to hypothetical movements in interest rates. A 31 basis-point increase in interest rates (approximately 10% of
the company’s weighted-average interest rate during 2013) affecting the company’s financial instruments, including debt obligations and related derivatives, would have an immaterial effect on the company’s 2013, 2012 and 2011 earnings
and on the fair value of the company’s fixed-rate debt as of the end of each fiscal year.    As discussed in Note 9, the fair values of the
company’s long-term litigation liabilities and related insurance receivables were computed by discounting the expected cash flows based on currently available information. A 10% movement in the assumed discount rate would have an immaterial
effect on the fair values of those assets and liabilities.    With respect to the company’s investments in affiliates, the company believes
any reasonably possible near-term losses in earnings, cash flows and fair values would not be material to the company’s consolidated financial position.    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS    Refer to Note 1 for information on changes in accounting
standards.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES    The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. A
summary of the company’s significant accounting policies is included in Note 1. Certain of the company’s accounting policies are considered critical because these policies are the most important to the depiction of the company’s
financial statements and require significant, difficult or complex judgments by the company, often requiring the use of estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual results that differ from the company’s
estimates could have an unfavorable effect on the company’s results of operations and financial position. The company applies estimation methodologies consistently from year to year. Other than changes required due to the issuance of new
accounting pronouncements, there have been no significant changes in the company’s  
      41  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
application of its critical accounting policies during 2013. The company’s critical accounting policies have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The following
is a summary of accounting policies that the company considers critical to the consolidated financial statements.    Revenue Recognition and
Related Provisions and Allowances    The company’s policy is to recognize revenues from product sales and services when earned. Refer to
Note 1 for additional information regarding the company’s accounting policy for revenue recognition, including the company’s accounting for arrangements in which it commits to delivering multiple products or services to its customers.
   Provisions for discounts, rebates to customers, chargebacks to wholesalers, and returns are provided for at the time the related sales are
recorded, and are reflected as a reduction of sales. These estimates are reviewed periodically and, if necessary, revised, with any revisions recognized immediately as adjustments to sales.    The company periodically and systematically evaluates the collectibility of accounts receivable and determines the appropriate reserve for doubtful accounts. In determining the amount of the reserve, the
company considers historical credit losses, the past-due status of receivables, payment history and other customer-specific information, and any other relevant factors or considerations.    The company also provides for the estimated costs that may be incurred under its warranty programs when the cost is both probable and reasonably estimable, which is at the time the related revenue is
recognized. The cost is determined based on actual company experience for the same or similar products as well as other relevant information. Estimates of future costs under the company’s warranty programs could change based on developments in
the future. The company is not able to estimate the probability or amount of any future developments that could impact the reserves, but believes presently established reserves are adequate.    Pension and Other Postemployment Benefit (OPEB) Plans    The company provides pension and
other postemployment benefits to certain of its employees. These employee benefit expenses are reported in the same line items in the consolidated income statement as the applicable employee’s compensation expense. The valuation of the
funded status and net periodic benefit cost for the plans is calculated using actuarial assumptions. These assumptions are reviewed annually, and revised if appropriate. The significant assumptions include the following:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   interest rates used to discount pension and OPEB plan liabilities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the long-term rate of return on pension plan assets;      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   rates of increases in employee compensation (used in estimating liabilities);  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   anticipated future healthcare costs (used in estimating the OPEB plan liability); and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other assumptions involving demographic factors such as retirement, mortality and turnover (used in estimating liabilities).
   Selecting assumptions involves an analysis of both short-term and long-term historical trends and known economic and market
conditions at the time of the valuation (also called the measurement date). The use of different assumptions would result in different measures of the funded status and net cost. Actual results in the future could differ from expected results. The
company is not able to estimate the probability of actual results differing from expected results, but believes its assumptions are appropriate.    The company’s key assumptions are listed in Note 12. The most critical assumptions relate to the plans covering U.S. and Puerto Rico employees, because these plans are the most significant to
the company’s consolidated financial statements.  
      42  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Discount Rate Assumption    For the U.S. and Puerto Rico plans, at the measurement date (December 31, 2013), the company used a discount rate of 4.85% and 4.90% to measure its benefit obligations for the pension plans and OPEB plan,
respectively. These discount rates will be used in calculating the net periodic benefit cost for these plans for 2014. The company used a broad population of approximately 240 Aa-rated corporate bonds as of December 31, 2013 to determine the
discount rate assumption. All bonds were denominated in U.S. Dollars, with a minimum amount outstanding of $50 million. This population of bonds was narrowed from a broader universe of over 490 Moody’s Aa rated, non-callable (or callable
with make-whole provisions) bonds by eliminating the top 10th percentile and bottom 40th percentile to adjust for any pricing anomalies and to represent the bonds Baxter would most likely select if it were to actually annuitize its pension and OPEB
plan liabilities. This portfolio of bonds was used to generate a yield curve and associated spot rate curve to discount the projected benefit payments for the U.S. and Puerto Rico plans. The discount rate is the single level rate that produces the
same result as the spot rate curve.    For plans in Canada, Japan, the United Kingdom and the Eurozone, the company uses a method essentially
the same as that described for the U.S. and Puerto Rico plans. For the company’s other international plans, the discount rate is generally determined by reviewing country- and region-specific government and corporate bond interest rates.
   To understand the impact of changes in discount rates on pension and OPEB plan cost, the company performs a sensitivity analysis. Holding all
other assumptions constant, for each 50 basis point (i.e., one-half of one percent) increase (decrease) in the discount rate, global pre-tax pension and OPEB plan cost would decrease (increase) by approximately $53 million.  
 Return on Plan Assets Assumption    In
measuring net periodic cost for 2013, the company used a long-term expected rate of return of 7.50% for the pension plans covering U.S. and Puerto Rico employees. For measuring the net periodic benefit cost for these plans for 2014, this assumption
will remain at 7.50%. This assumption is not applicable to the company’s OPEB plan because it is not funded.    The company establishes the
long-term asset return assumption based on a review of historical compound average asset returns, both company-specific and relating to the broad market (based on the company’s asset allocation), as well as an analysis of current market and
economic information and future expectations. The current asset return assumption is supported by historical market experience for both the company’s actual and targeted asset allocation. In calculating net pension cost, the expected return on
assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over five years. The difference between this expected return and the actual return on plan assets is a component
of the total net unrecognized gain or loss and is subject to amortization in the future.    To understand the impact of changes in the expected
asset return assumption on net cost, the company performs a sensitivity analysis. Holding all other assumptions constant, for each 50 basis point increase (decrease) in the asset return assumption, global pre-tax pension plan cost would
decrease (increase) by approximately $18 million.    Other Assumptions    The company used the RP 2000 mortality table to calculate the pension and OPEB plan benefit obligations for its plans in the United States and Puerto Rico. For all other pension plans, the company
utilized country- and region-specific mortality tables to calculate the plans’ benefit obligations. The company periodically analyzes and updates its assumptions concerning demographic factors such as retirement, mortality and turnover,
considering historical experience as well as anticipated future trends.    The assumptions relating to employee compensation increases and
future healthcare costs are based on historical experience, market trends, and anticipated future company actions. Refer to Note 12 for information regarding the sensitivity of the OPEB plan obligation and the total of the service and interest cost
components of OPEB plan cost to potential changes in future healthcare costs.  
      43  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Legal Contingencies    The company is involved in product liability, patent, commercial, regulatory and other legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of business. Refer to Note 15 for further information. The company
records a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a probable loss is a range, and no amount within the range is a better estimate, the minimum amount in the range is
accrued. If a loss is not probable or a probable loss cannot be reasonably estimated, no liability is recorded. The company has established reserves for certain of its legal matters. The company is not able to estimate the amount or range of any
loss for certain of the legal contingencies for which there is no reserve or additional loss for matters already reserved. The company also records any insurance recoveries that are probable of occurring. At December 31, 2013, total legal
liabilities were $160 million and total related receivables were $7 million.    The company’s loss estimates are generally developed in
consultation with outside counsel and are based on analyses of potential results. With respect to the recording of any insurance recoveries, after completing the assessment and accounting for the company’s legal contingencies, the company
separately and independently analyzes its insurance coverage and records any insurance recoveries that are probable of occurring at the gross amount that is expected to be collected. In performing the assessment, the company reviews available
information, including historical company-specific and market collection experience for similar claims, current facts and circumstances pertaining to the particular insurance claim, the financial viability of the applicable insurance company or
companies, and other relevant information.    While the liability of the company in connection with certain claims cannot be estimated with any
certainty, and although the resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a significant impact on the company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period, the outcome of these legal proceedings is not
expected to have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial position. While the company believes it has valid defenses in these matters, litigation is inherently uncertain, excessive verdicts do occur, and the company may
in the future incur material judgments or enter into material settlements of claims.    Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowances and Reserves
for Uncertain Tax Positions    The company maintains valuation allowances unless it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the
deferred tax asset will be realized. Changes in valuation allowances are included in the company’s tax provision in the period of change. In determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, the company evaluates factors such as prior
earnings history, expected future earnings, carryback and carryforward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. The realizability assessments made at a given balance sheet date
are subject to change in the future, particularly if earnings of a subsidiary are significantly higher or lower than expected, or if the company takes operational or tax planning actions that could impact the future taxable earnings of a subsidiary.
   In the normal course of business, the company is audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, and is periodically challenged
regarding the amount of taxes due. These challenges relate to the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. The company believes its tax positions comply with applicable tax law and the company
intends to defend its positions. In evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, the company records reserves for uncertain tax positions in accordance with GAAP, based on the technical support for the positions, the
company’s past audit experience with similar situations, and potential interest and penalties related to the matters. The company’s results of operations and effective tax rate in a given period could be impacted if, upon final resolution
with taxing authorities, the company prevailed in positions for which reserves have been established, or was required to pay amounts in excess of established reserves.    Valuation of Intangible Assets, Including IPR&D    The company acquires intangible assets
and records them at fair value. Valuations are generally completed for business acquisitions using a discounted cash flow analysis, incorporating the stage of completion and consideration of market participant assumptions. The most significant
estimates and assumptions inherent in a  
      44  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
discounted cash flow analysis include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to measure the risks inherent in the future cash flows, the assessment of the
asset’s life cycle, and the competitive and other trends impacting the asset, including consideration of technical, legal, regulatory, economic and other factors. Each of these factors and assumptions can significantly affect the value of the
intangible asset.    Acquired in-process R&D (IPR&D) is the value assigned to acquired technology or products under development which
have not received regulatory approval and have no alternative future use.    Acquired IPR&D included in a business combination is
capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. Development costs incurred after the acquisition are expensed as incurred. Upon receipt of regulatory approval of the related technology or product, the indefinite-lived intangible asset is then
accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset and amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life. If the R&D project is abandoned, the indefinite-lived asset is charged to expense.  
 R&D acquired in transactions that are not business combinations is expensed immediately. For such transactions, payments made to third parties
subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the related asset, and are classified as intangible assets.    Due to the inherent uncertainty associated with R&D projects, there is no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from the underlying assumptions used to prepare discounted cash flow
analyses, nor that the R&D project will result in a successful commercial product.    Impairment of Assets  
 Goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are subject to impairment reviews annually, and whenever indicators of impairment exist. Intangible
assets with definite lives and other long-lived assets (such as fixed assets) are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Refer to Note 1 for further
information. The company’s impairment reviews are based on an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, foreign
currency exchange rates, the selection of an appropriate discount rate, asset groupings, and other assumptions and estimates. The estimates and assumptions used are consistent with the company’s business plans and a market participant’s
views of the company and similar companies. The use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair values of the assets, and potentially result in different impacts to the company’s results of operations.
Actual results may differ from the company’s estimates.    Stock-Based Compensation Plans  
 Stock-based compensation cost is estimated at the grant date based on the fair value of the award, and the cost is recognized as expense ratably over the
substantive vesting period. Determining the appropriate fair value model to use requires judgment. Determining the assumptions that enter into the model is highly subjective and also requires judgment. The company’s stock compensation costs
primarily relate to awards of stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), and performance share units (PSUs). The company uses the Black-Scholes model for estimating the fair value of stock options, and significant assumptions include long-term
projections regarding stock price volatility, employee exercise, post-vesting termination and pre-vesting forfeiture behaviors, interest rates and dividend yields. The fair value of RSUs is equal to the quoted price of the company’s common
stock on the date of grant.    In 2013, the company changed the vesting condition for 50% of the PSUs granted to senior management beginning
with its 2013 annual equity awards. The vesting condition for the new PSUs is based on return on invested capital, with annual performance targets set at the beginning of the year for each tranche of the award during the three-year service period.
The remaining 50% of the PSUs continued to include conditions for vesting based on Baxter stock performance relative to the company’s peer group, similar to previous years. Compensation cost for the new PSUs is measured based on the fair value
of the awards on the date that the  
      45  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
specific vesting terms for each tranche of the award are established, and the company adjusts compensation cost at each reporting date to reflect the estimated probability of achieving the
vesting condition. For the remaining PSUs, the company uses a Monte Carlo model for estimating the fair value of PSUs, and significant inputs include the risk-free rate, volatility of returns and correlation of returns. Refer to Note 11 for
additional information.    CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS    In January 2014, the company received a Warning Letter from FDA primarily directed to quality systems for the company’s Round Lake, Illinois, facility, particularly in that facility’s capacity
as a specification developer for certain of the company’s medical devices. The letter also included observations related to the company’s ambulatory infusor business in Irvine, California, which previously had been subject to agency
action. The company is working with FDA to resolve this matter, as well as each of the matters listed below.    In June 2013, the company
received a Warning Letter from FDA regarding operations and processes at its North Cove, North Carolina and Jayuya, Puerto Rico facilities. The Warning Letter addresses observations related to Current Good Manufacturing Practice (CGMP) violations at
the two facilities.    In April 2013, the company received a Warning Letter from FDA regarding the 510(k) clearance status of modifications to
the SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pump. The company subsequently has completed a new 510(k) submission related to the SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pump.  
 In June 2010, the company received a Warning Letter from FDA in connection with an inspection of its Renal franchise’s McGaw Park, Illinois
facility. The Warning Letter pertains to the processes by which the company analyzes and addresses product complaints through corrective and preventative actions, and reports relevant information to FDA.  
 Please see Item 1A of the 2013 Annual Report for additional discussion of regulatory matters and how they may impact the company.  
 FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION    This annual
report includes forward-looking statements, including statements with respect to accounting estimates and assumptions, litigation-related matters including outcomes, future regulatory filings and the company’s R&D pipeline, strategic
objectives, credit exposure to foreign governments, potential developments with respect to credit ratings, investment of foreign earnings, estimates of liabilities including those related to uncertain tax positions, contingent payments, future
pension plan contributions, costs, discount rates and rates of return, the company’s exposure to financial market volatility and foreign currency and interest rate risks, geographic expansion, the integration of Gambro, future sales related to
the Hemobras partnership, business development activities, business optimization initiatives, future capital and R&D expenditures, future stock repurchases and debt issuances, the impact of healthcare reform, the sufficiency of the
company’s facilities and financial flexibility, the adequacy of credit facilities, tax provisions and reserves, the effective tax rate in 2014, the impact on the company of recent tax legislation and all other statements that do not relate to
historical facts. The statements are based on assumptions about many important factors, including:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   demand for and market acceptance risks for and competitive pressures related to new and existing products, such as ADVATE and plasma-based therapies
(including Antibody Therapy), and other therapies;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in supply and demand and the pricing of plasma-based therapies;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of U.S. healthcare reform and other similar actions undertaken by foreign governments with respect to pricing, reimbursement, taxation and
rebate policies;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   additional legislation, regulation and other governmental pressures in the United States or globally, which may affect pricing, reimbursement, taxation
and rebate policies of government agencies and private payers or other elements of the company’s business;  
      46  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
   
 • 
   
   future actions of third parties, including third-party payors, as healthcare reform and other similar measures are implemented in the United States and
globally;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the company’s ability to identify business development and growth opportunities;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   product quality or patient safety issues, leading to product recalls, withdrawals, launch delays, sanctions, seizures, litigation, or declining sales;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   future actions of FDA, EMA or any other regulatory body or government authority that could delay, limit or suspend product development, manufacturing
or sale or result in seizures, recalls, injunctions, monetary sanctions or criminal or civil liabilities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the company’s ability to successfully integrate and realize the anticipated benefits of the Gambro acquisition;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates;      

 
 
   
 • 
   
   product development risks, including satisfactory clinical performance, the ability to manufacture at appropriate scale, and the general
unpredictability associated with the product development cycle;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the ability to enforce the company’s patent rights or patents of third parties preventing or restricting the company’s manufacture, sale or
use of affected products or technology;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of geographic and product mix on the company’s sales;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of competitive products and pricing, including generic competition, drug reimportation and disruptive technologies;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   inventory reductions or fluctuations in buying patterns by wholesalers or distributors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the availability and pricing of acceptable raw materials and component supply;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   global regulatory, trade and tax policies;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   any changes in law concerning the taxation of income, including income earned outside the United States;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   actions by tax authorities in connection with ongoing tax audits;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits of its business optimization and transformation initiatives;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the successful implementation of the company’s global enterprise resource planning system;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the company’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from its joint product development and commercialization arrangements, governmental
collaborations and other business development activities;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in credit agency ratings;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of global economic conditions on the company and its customers and suppliers, including foreign governments in certain countries in which
the company operates; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other factors identified elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including those factors described in Item 1A and other filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, all of which are available on the company’s website.    Actual results may differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. The company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements.      
 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.     Incorporated by reference to the section entitled “Financial Instrument Market Risk” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in
Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
      47  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions, except share information) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Current Assets 
    
   Cash and equivalents 
    
 $ 
 2,733 
    
   
 $ 
 3,270 
    
 
 
    
   Accounts and other current receivables, net 
    
   
 2,911 
    
   
   
 2,425 
    
 
 
    
   Inventories 
    
   
 3,499 
    
   
   
 2,803 
    
 
 
    
   Short-term deferred income taxes 
    
   
 393 
    
   
   
 344 
    
 
 
    
   Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 468 
    
   
   
 418 
    
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Total current assets 
    
   
 10,004 
    
   
   
 9,260 
    
 
     
   
 
   Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 
    
   
 7,832 
    
   
   
 6,098 
    
 
     
   
 
   Other Assets 
    
   Goodwill 
    
   
 4,205 
    
   
   
 2,502 
    
 
 
    
   Other intangible assets, net 
    
   
 2,294 
    
   
   
 814 
    
 
 
    
   Other 
    
   
 1,534 
    
   
   
 1,716 
    
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Total other assets 
    
   
 8,033 
    
   
   
 5,032 
    
 
     
   
 
 
    
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 25,869 
    
   
 $ 
 20,390 
    
 
     
   
 
   Current Liabilities 
    
   Short-term debt 
    
 $ 
 181 
    
   
 $ 
 27 
    
 
 
    
   Current maturities of long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 859 
    
   
   
 323 
    
 
 
    
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 4,866 
    
   
   
 4,409 
    
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 5,906 
    
   
   
 4,759 
    
 
     
   
 
   Long-Term Debt and Lease Obligations 
    
   
 8,126 
    
   
   
 5,580 
    
 
     
   
 
   Other Long-Term Liabilities 
    
   
 3,351 
    
   
   
 3,073 
    
 
     
   
 
   Commitments and Contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Equity 
    
   Common stock, $1 par value, authorized 2,000,000,000 shares, issued 683,494,944 shares in 2013 and 2012 
    
   
 683 
    
   
   
 683 
    
 
 
    
   Common stock in treasury, at cost, 140,456,989 shares in 2013 and 137,281,399 shares in 2012 
    
   
 (7,914 
 )  
   
   
 (7,592 
 )  
 
 
    
   Additional contributed capital 
    
   
 5,818 
    
   
   
 5,769 
    
 
 
    
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 11,852 
    
   
   
 10,888 
    
 
 
    
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (1,976 
 )  
   
   
 (2,810 
 )  
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Total Baxter International Inc. (Baxter) shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 8,463 
    
   
   
 6,938 
    
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 23 
    
   
   
 40 
    
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Total equity 
    
   
 8,486 
    
   
   
 6,978 
    
 
     
   
 
 
    
   Total liabilities and equity 
    
 $ 
 25,869 
    
   
 $ 
 20,390 
    
 
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      48  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions, except per share data) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 15,259 
    
   
 $ 
 14,190 
    
   
 $ 
 13,893 
    
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 7,664 
    
   
   
 6,889 
    
   
   
 6,847 
    
 
     
   
 
   Gross margin 
    
   
 7,595 
    
   
   
 7,301 
    
   
   
 7,046 
    
 
     
   
 
   Marketing and administrative expenses 
    
   
 3,681 
    
   
   
 3,324 
    
   
   
 3,154 
    
 
   Research and development expenses 
    
   
 1,246 
    
   
   
 1,156 
    
   
   
 946 
    
 
   Net interest expense 
    
   
 128 
    
   
   
 87 
    
   
   
 54 
    
 
   Other (income) expense, net 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (155 
 )  
   
   
 83 
    
 
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 2,549 
    
   
   
 2,889 
    
   
   
 2,809 
    
 
   Income tax expense 
    
   
 537 
    
   
   
 563 
    
   
   
 553 
    
 
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 2,012 
    
   
   
 2,326 
    
   
   
 2,256 
    
 
     
   
 
   Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 32 
    
 
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Baxter 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
    
   
 $ 
 2,326 
    
   
 $ 
 2,224 
    
 
     
   
 
   Net income attributable to Baxter per common share 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
 $ 
 3.70 
    
   
 $ 
 4.22 
    
   
 $ 
 3.91 
    
 
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
 $ 
 3.66 
    
   
 $ 
 4.18 
    
   
 $ 
 3.88 
    
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
    
   
 543 
    
   
   
 551 
    
   
   
 569 
    
 
     
   
 
   Diluted 
    
   
 549 
    
   
   
 556 
    
   
   
 573 
    
 
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      49  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
    
   
 $ 
 2,326 
    
   
 $ 
 2,256 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation adjustments, net of tax expense (benefit) of $41 in 2013, $22 in 2012 and ($12) in 2011 
    
   
 236 
    
   
   
 (98 
 )  
   
   
 (205 
 )  
 
   Pension and other employee benefits, net of tax expense (benefit) of $309 in 2013, ($1) in 2012 and ($151) in
2011 
    
   
 592 
    
   
   
 (111 
 )  
   
   
 (263 
 )  
 
   Hedging activities, net of tax expense (benefit) of $7 in 2013, ($6) in 2012 and $5 in 2011 
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Other, net of tax expense (benefit) of ($3) in 2013, ($2) in 2012 and $1 in 2011 
    
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
    
   
 834 
    
   
   
 (219 
 )  
   
   
 (462 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
   
 2,846 
    
   
   
 2,107 
    
   
   
 1,794 
    
 
     
   
 
   Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 22 
    
 
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income attributable to Baxter 
    
 $ 
 2,846 
    
   
 $ 
 2,107 
    
   
 $ 
 1,772 
    
 
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      50  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) (brackets denote cash outflows) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Cash Flows 
    
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 2,012 
    
   
 $ 
 2,326 
    
   
 $ 
 2,256 
    
 
   from Operations 
    
   Adjustments 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 823 
    
   
   
 712 
    
   
   
 670 
    
 
 
    
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (224 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 172 
    
 
 
    
   Stock compensation 
    
   
 150 
    
   
   
 130 
    
   
   
 119 
    
 
 
    
   Realized excess tax benefits from stock issued under employee benefit plans 
    
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 (21 
 )  
 
 
    
   Business optimization charges 
    
   
 282 
    
   
   
 150 
    
   
   
 192 
    
 
 
    
   Asset impairment and other charges 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 182 
    
 
 
    
   Net periodic pension benefit and OPEB costs 
    
   
 381 
    
   
   
 477 
    
   
   
 255 
    
 
 
    
   Other 
    
   
 54 
    
   
   
 (42 
 )  
   
   
 32 
    
 
 
    
   Changes in balance sheet items 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Accounts and other current receivables, net 
    
   
 (36 
 )  
   
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 (229 
 )  
 
 
    
   Inventories 
    
   
 (311 
 )  
   
   
 (129 
 )  
   
   
 (315 
 )  
 
 
    
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 329 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 98 
    
 
 
    
   Business optimization and infusion pump payments 
    
   
 (125 
 )  
   
   
 (283 
 )  
   
   
 (347 
 )  
 
 
    
   Other 
    
   
 (103 
 )  
   
   
 (171 
 )  
   
   
 (247 
 )  
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Cash flows from operations 
    
   
 3,198 
    
   
   
 3,106 
    
   
   
 2,817 
    
 
     
   
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
    
   Capital expenditures (including additions to the pool of equipment placed with or leased to customers of $148 in 2013, $150 in
2012 and $155 in 2011) 
    
   
 (1,525 
 )  
   
   
 (1,161 
 )  
   
   
 (960 
 )  
 
 
    
   Acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired 
    
   
 (3,851 
 )  
   
   
 (515 
 )  
   
   
 (590 
 )  
 
 
    
   Divestitures and other investing activities 
    
   
 14 
    
   
   
 107 
    
   
   
 123 
    
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Cash flows from investing activities 
    
   
 (5,362 
 )  
   
   
 (1,569 
 )  
   
   
 (1,427 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Cash Flows from 
    
   Issuances of debt 
    
   
 3,636 
    
   
   
 1,037 
    
   
   
 506 
    
 
   Financing Activities 
    
   Payments of obligations 
    
   
 (540 
 )  
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
 
 
    
   (Decrease) increase in debt with original maturities of three months or less, net 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (250 
 )  
   
   
 250 
    
 
 
    
   Cash dividends on common stock 
    
   
 (1,023 
 )  
   
   
 (804 
 )  
   
   
 (709 
 )  
 
 
    
   Proceeds and realized excess tax benefits from stock issued under employee benefit plans 
    
   
 508 
    
   
   
 512 
    
   
   
 448 
    
 
 
    
   Purchases of treasury stock 
    
   
 (913 
 )  
   
   
 (1,480 
 )  
   
   
 (1,583 
 )  
 
 
    
   Other 
    
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (108 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
 
 
    
     
   
 
 
    
   Cash flows from financing activities 
    
   
 1,645 
    
   
   
 (1,115 
 )  
   
   
 (1,137 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Effect of Foreign Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Equivalents 
    
   
 (18 
 )  
   
   
 (57 
 )  
   
   
 (33 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Equivalents 
    
   
 (537 
 )  
   
   
 365 
    
   
   
 220 
    
 
     
   
 
   Cash and Equivalents at Beginning of Year 
    
   
 3,270 
    
   
   
 2,905 
    
   
   
 2,685 
    
 
     
   
 
   Cash and Equivalents at End of Year 
    
 $ 
 2,733 
    
   
 $ 
 3,270 
    
   
 $ 
 2,905 
    
 
     
   
 
   Other supplemental information 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest paid, net of portion capitalized 
    
 $ 
 200 
    
   
 $ 
 135 
    
   
 $ 
 88 
    
 
   Income taxes paid 
    
 $ 
 648 
    
   
 $ 
 415 
    
   
 $ 
 357 
    
 
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      51  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  
    
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   


 
     
   
 
   Common Stock 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance, beginning and end of year 
    
   
 683 
    
   
 $ 
 683 
    
   
   
 683 
    
   
 $ 
 683 
    
   
   
 683 
    
   
 $ 
 683 
    
 
     
   
 
   Common Stock in Treasury 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning of year 
    
   
 137 
    
   
   
 (7,592 
 )  
   
   
 123 
    
   
   
 (6,719 
 )  
   
   
 103 
    
   
   
 (5,655 
 )  
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 (913 
 )  
   
   
 25 
    
   
   
 (1,480 
 )  
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 (1,583 
 )  
 
   Stock issued under employee benefit plans and other 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 591 
    
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 607 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 519 
    
 
     
   
 
   End of year 
    
   
 140 
    
   
   
 (7,914 
 )  
   
   
 137 
    
   
   
 (7,592 
 )  
   
   
 123 
    
   
   
 (6,719 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Additional Contributed Capital 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning of year 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 5,769 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,783 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,753 
    
 
   Stock issued under employee benefit plans and other 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 45 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 17 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 30 
    
 
   Exercise of SIGMA purchase option 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 4 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   End of year 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 5,818 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,769 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,783 
    
 
     
   
 
   Retained Earnings 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning of year 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 10,888 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 9,429 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7,925 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Baxter 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 2,012 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,326 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,224 
    
 
   Dividends declared on common stock 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,048 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (866 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (719 
 )  
 
   Stock issued under employee benefit plans 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   End of year 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 11,852 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,888 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 9,429 
    
 
     
   
 
   Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning of year 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (2,810 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (2,591 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (2,139 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Baxter 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 834 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (219 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (452 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   End of year 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,976 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (2,810 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (2,591 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total Baxter shareholders’ equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 8,463 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 6,938 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 6,585 
    
 
     
   
 
   Noncontrolling Interests 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning of year 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 40 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 243 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 229 
    
 
   Elimination of SIGMA noncontrolling ownership interest 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (159 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Change in noncontrolling interests 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (44 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 14 
    
 
     
   
 
   End of year 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 23 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 40 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 243 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total equity 
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 8,486 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 6,978 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 6,828 
    
 
     
   
 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
      52  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
  NOTE 1  
  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES      
     Nature of Operations  
 Baxter International Inc. (Baxter or the company), through its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures and markets products that save and sustain the lives
of people with hemophilia, immune disorders, infectious diseases, kidney disease, trauma, and other chronic and acute medical conditions. As a global, diversified healthcare company, Baxter applies a unique combination of expertise in medical
devices, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology to create products that advance patient care worldwide. The company operates in two segments, BioScience and Medical Products, which are described in Note 16.  
 Use of Estimates    The preparation of the
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires the company to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
   Basis of Consolidation    The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Baxter and its majority-owned subsidiaries, any minority-owned subsidiaries that Baxter controls, and variable interest entities (VIEs) in which Baxter is the primary beneficiary, after
elimination of intercompany transactions. During 2012, the company exercised its option to purchase the remaining equity of Sigma International General Medical Apparatus, LLC (SIGMA), which Baxter previously consolidated as the primary beneficiary
of a VIE. The company has not subsequently entered into any new arrangements in which it determined that it was the primary beneficiary of a VIE, and there were no VIEs consolidated by the company as of December 31, 2013. Refer to Note 2 for
additional information about the SIGMA option exercise.    On September 6, 2013, Baxter acquired Indap Holding AB, the holding company for
Gambro AB (Gambro), a privately held dialysis product company based in Lund, Sweden, for cash consideration of $3.7 billion. Beginning September 6, 2013, Baxter’s financial statements include the assets, liabilities, and operating results
of Gambro. Refer to Note 4 for additional information.    Certain reclassifications have been made to conform the prior period consolidated
financial statements to the current period presentation.    Revenue Recognition    The company recognizes revenues from product sales and services when earned. Specifically, revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred (or services have
been rendered), the price is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. For product sales, revenue is not recognized until title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. The shipping terms for the majority of the
company’s revenue arrangements are FOB destination. The recognition of revenue is delayed if there are significant post-delivery obligations, such as training, installation or other services. Provisions for discounts, rebates to customers,
chargebacks to wholesalers and returns are provided for at the time the related sales are recorded, and are reflected as a reduction to gross sales to arrive at net sales.    The company sometimes enters into arrangements in which it commits to delivering multiple products or services to its customers. In these cases, total arrangement consideration is allocated to the
deliverables based on their relative selling prices. Then the allocated consideration is recognized as revenue in accordance with the principles described above. Selling prices are determined by applying a selling price hierarchy. Selling prices are
 
      53  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
determined using vendor specific objective evidence (VSOE), if it exists. Otherwise, selling prices are determined using third party evidence (TPE). If neither VSOE nor TPE is available, the
company uses its best estimate of selling prices.    Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  
 In the normal course of business, the company provides credit to its customers, performs credit evaluations of these customers and maintains reserves for
potential credit losses. In determining the amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts, the company considers, among other items, historical credit losses, the past-due status of receivables, payment histories and other customer-specific
information. Receivables are written off when the company determines they are uncollectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $169 million at December 31, 2013 and $127 million at December 31, 2012.  
 Product Warranties    The company provides
for the estimated costs relating to product warranties at the time the related revenue is recognized. The cost is determined based on actual company experience for the same or similar products, as well as other relevant information. Product warranty
liabilities are adjusted based on changes in estimates.    Cash and Equivalents    Cash and equivalents include cash, certificates of deposit and money market funds with an original maturity of three months or less.    Inventories      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Raw materials 
    
 $ 
 920 
    
    
 $ 
 765 
    
 
   Work in process 
    
   
 1,136 
    
    
   
 898 
    
 
   Finished goods 
    
   
 1,443 
    
    
   
 1,140 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
 $ 
 3,499 
    
    
 $ 
 2,803 
    
 
     
   
   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or market value. Market value for raw materials
is based on replacement costs, and market value for work in process and finished goods is based on net realizable value. The company reviews inventories on hand at least quarterly and records provisions for estimated excess, slow-moving and obsolete
inventory, as well as inventory with a carrying value in excess of net realizable value.    Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Land 
    
 $ 
 220 
    
   
 $ 
 190 
    
 
   Buildings and leasehold improvements 
    
   
 2,670 
    
   
   
 2,181 
    
 
   Machinery and equipment 
    
   
 7,360 
    
   
   
 6,691 
    
 
   Equipment with customers 
    
   
 1,361 
    
   
   
 1,295 
    
 
   Construction in progress 
    
   
 2,184 
    
   
   
 1,512 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total property, plant and equipment, at cost 
    
   
 13,795 
    
   
   
 11,869 
    
 
   Accumulated depreciation 
    
   
 (5,963 
 )  
   
   
 (5,771 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment (PP&E), net 
    
 $ 
 7,832 
    
   
 $ 
 6,098 
    
 
     
   
   Depreciation expense is calculated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets,
which range from 20 to 50 years for buildings and improvements and from three to 15 years for machinery and equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the related facility lease
 
      54  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
(including any renewal periods, if appropriate) or the asset, whichever is shorter. Baxter capitalizes certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with
developing or obtaining software for internal use as part of machinery and equipment. Capitalized software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the software, and are included in depreciation expense below.
Straight-line and accelerated methods of depreciation are used for income tax purposes. Depreciation expense was $681 million in 2013, $597 million in 2012 and $572 million in 2011. Repairs and maintenance expense was $351 million in 2013, $297
million in 2012 and $269 million in 2011.    Acquisitions    Results of operations of acquired companies are included in the company’s results of operations as of the respective acquisition dates. The purchase price of each acquisition is allocated to the net
assets acquired based on estimates of their fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any purchase price in excess of these net assets is recorded as goodwill. The allocation of purchase price in certain cases may be subject to revision based on
the final determination of fair values during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date.    Contingent
consideration is recognized at the estimated fair value on the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of contingent payments are recognized in earnings. Contingent payments related to acquisitions consist of regulatory, development
and commercial milestone payments, in addition to sales-based payments, and are valued using discounted cash flow techniques. The fair value of development and commercial milestone payments reflects management’s expectations of probability of
payment, and increases as the probability of payment increases or expectation of timing of payments is accelerated. The fair value of sales-based payments is based upon probability-weighted future revenue estimates, and increases as revenue
estimates increase, probability weighting of higher revenue scenarios increases or expectation of timing of payment is accelerated.  
 Research and Development    Research and
development (R&D) costs are expensed as incurred. Acquired in-process R&D (IPR&D) is the value assigned to technology or products under development acquired in a business combination which have not received regulatory approval and have
no alternative future use. Valuations are generally completed for business acquisitions using a discounted cash flow analysis, incorporating the stage of completion and consideration of market participant assumptions. The most significant estimates
and assumptions inherent in a discounted cash flow analysis include the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to measure the risks inherent in future cash flows, the assessment of the asset’s life cycle, and
competitive and other trends impacting the asset, including consideration of technical, legal, regulatory, economic and other factors. Each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the IPR&D.  
 Acquired IPR&D is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. Development costs incurred after the acquisition are expensed as incurred.
Upon receipt of regulatory approval of the related technology or product, the indefinite-lived intangible asset is accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset and generally amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic life of
the related product, subject to impairment reviews as discussed below. If the R&D project is abandoned, the indefinite-lived asset is charged to expense.    R&D acquired in transactions that are not business acquisitions is expensed immediately. Payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized as intangible assets and
amortized over the remaining estimated economic life of the related product.    Collaborative Arrangements  
 In the normal course of business, Baxter enters into collaborative arrangements with third parties. Certain of these collaborative arrangements include
joint operating activities involving active participation by both partners, where both Baxter and the other entity are exposed to risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of  
      55  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
the activity. These collaborative arrangements exist in both of the company’s segments, take a number of forms and structures, principally pertain to the joint development and
commercialization of new products, and are designed to enhance and expedite long-term sales and profitability growth.    The company’s
joint product development and commercialization arrangements generally provide that Baxter license certain rights to develop, market, and sometimes manufacture, a product under development. Baxter’s consideration for the rights generally
consists of some combination of upfront payments, contingent milestone payments relating to the achievement of specified development, clinical, regulatory and sales milestones, and royalties. Baxter may also be responsible for ongoing R&D cost
reimbursements and costs associated with certain development, manufacturing and commercial activities associated with these arrangements. Joint steering committees exist to manage the various stages and activities of the arrangement. Control over
the R&D activities may be shared, may be held by Baxter, or may be held by the partner, and governance may contractually change during the development or later periods. Baxter typically controls the commercialization phase, sometimes purchasing
inventories from the collaboration partner.    During the development phase, Baxter’s R&D costs are expensed as incurred. These costs
may include upfront and milestone payments made to the partner prior to the date the product receives regulatory approval, in addition to potential R&D cost reimbursements. Milestone payments made to the partner subsequent to regulatory approval
are capitalized as other intangible assets and amortized to cost of sales over the estimated economic life of the related product. Royalty payments are expensed as cost of sales when they become due and payable. Any purchases of inventory from the
partner during the development stage are expensed as R&D, while such purchases during the commercialization phase are capitalized as inventory and recognized as cost of sales when the related finished products are sold. Baxter generally records
the amount invoiced to the third-party customer for the finished product as sales, as Baxter is the principal and primary obligor in the arrangement.    Payments to collaborative partners classified in cost of sales were not significant in 2013, 2012 and 2011. Payments to collaborative partners classified in R&D expenses were $129 million, $138
million and $18 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. In 2013 and 2012, the payments related primarily to upfront payments for the business development arrangements described in Note 4. In 2011, the payments primarily related to the
development of longer-acting forms of blood clotting proteins to treat hemophilia and a home hemodialysis (HHD) device.    Business
Optimization Charges    The company records liabilities for costs associated with exit or disposal activities in the period in which the
liability is incurred. Employee termination costs are primarily recorded when actions are probable and estimable. Costs for one-time termination benefits in which the employee is required to render service until termination in order to receive the
benefits are recognized ratably over the future service period. Refer to the discussion below regarding the accounting for asset impairment charges.    Impairment Reviews    Baxter has made and continues to make significant investments in
assets, including inventory and PP&E, which relate to potential new products or modifications to existing products. Additionally, Baxter has made and continues to make significant investments related to business development activities, which
result in the acquisition of certain intangible assets and other long-lived assets. The company’s ability to realize value from these investments is contingent on, among other things, regulatory approvals, market acceptance of these new or
modified products, and realization of synergies associated with business acquisitions. The company may not be able to realize the expected returns from these investments, potentially resulting in asset impairments in the future.  
 Goodwill    Goodwill is not amortized, but
is subject to an impairment review annually and whenever indicators of impairment exist. Goodwill would be impaired if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeded the fair value of that reporting unit, calculated as the present value of
estimated cash flows discounted using a risk-free market  
      56  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
rate adjusted for a market participant’s view of similar companies and perceived risks in the cash flows. The implied fair value of goodwill is then determined by subtracting the fair value
of all identifiable net assets other than goodwill from the fair value of the reporting unit, with an impairment charge recorded for the excess, if any, of carrying amount of goodwill over the implied fair value.  
 The company assesses goodwill for impairment based on its reporting units, which are the same as its operating segments, BioScience and Medical Products.
As of December 31, 2013, the date of the company’s annual impairment review, the fair values of the company’s reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values.  
 Intangible Assets Not Subject to Amortization    Indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as trademarks with indefinite lives and certain acquired IPR&D, are subject to an impairment review annually and whenever indicators of impairment exist.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets would be impaired if the carrying amount of the asset exceeded the fair value of the asset.    Other
Long-Lived Assets    The company reviews the carrying amounts of long-lived assets, other than goodwill and intangible assets not subject to
amortization, for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Examples of such a change in circumstances include a significant decrease in market price, a
significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is being used, or a significant adverse change in the legal or business climate. In evaluating recoverability, the company groups assets and liabilities at the lowest level such
that the identifiable cash flows relating to the group are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. The company then compares the carrying amounts of the assets or asset groups with the related estimated undiscounted
future cash flows. In the event impairment exists, an impairment charge is recorded as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the fair value. Depending on the asset and the availability of information, fair value
may be determined by reference to estimated selling values of assets in similar condition, or by using a discounted cash flow model. In addition, the remaining amortization period for the impaired asset would be reassessed and, if necessary,
revised.    Shipping and Handling Costs    Shipping costs, which are costs incurred to physically move product from Baxter’s premises to the customer’s premises, are classified as marketing and administrative expenses. Handling costs,
which are costs incurred to store, move and prepare products for shipment, are classified as cost of sales. Approximately $293 million in 2013, $265 million in 2012 and $260 million in 2011 of shipping costs were classified in marketing and
administrative expenses.    Income Taxes    Deferred taxes are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between financial and income tax reporting based on enacted tax laws and rates. The company maintains valuation allowances
unless it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. With respect to uncertain tax positions, the company determines whether the position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on the technical
merits of the position. Any tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured and recognized in the consolidated financial statements at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. The liability relating to uncertain tax positions is classified as current in the consolidated balance sheets to the extent the company anticipates making a payment within one year. Interest and penalties associated
with income taxes are classified in the income tax expense line in the consolidated statements of income.  
      57  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Foreign Currency Translation    Currency translation adjustments (CTA) related to foreign operations are included in other comprehensive income (OCI). For foreign operations in highly inflationary economies, translation gains and losses
are included in other (income) expense, net, and were not material in 2013, 2012 and 2011.    Derivatives and Hedging Activities
   All derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets and are
classified as short-term or long-term based on the scheduled maturity of the instrument. Based upon the exposure being hedged, the company designates its hedging instruments as cash flow or fair value hedges.  
 For each derivative instrument that is designated and effective as a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is accumulated in accumulated
other comprehensive income (AOCI) and then recognized in earnings consistent with the underlying hedged item. Option premiums or net premiums paid are initially recorded as assets and reclassified to OCI over the life of the option, and then
recognized in earnings consistent with the underlying hedged item. Cash flow hedges are classified in net sales, cost of sales, and net interest expense, and primarily related to forecasted third-party sales denominated in foreign currencies,
forecasted intercompany sales denominated in foreign currencies and anticipated issuances of debt, respectively.    For each derivative
instrument that is designated and effective as a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is recognized immediately to earnings, and offsets the loss or gain on the underlying hedged item. Fair value hedges are classified in net interest
expense, as they hedge the interest rate risk associated with certain of the company’s fixed-rate debt.    For derivative instruments that
are not designated as hedges, the change in fair value is recorded directly to other (income) expense, net.    If it is determined that a
derivative or nonderivative hedging instrument is no longer highly effective as a hedge, the company discontinues hedge accounting prospectively. If the company removes the cash flow hedge designation because the hedged forecasted transactions are
no longer probable of occurring, any gains or losses are immediately reclassified from AOCI to earnings. Gains or losses relating to terminations of effective cash flow hedges in which the forecasted transactions are still probable of occurring are
deferred and recognized consistent with the income or loss recognition of the underlying hedged items. If the company terminates a fair value hedge, an amount equal to the cumulative fair value adjustment to the hedged items at the date of
termination is amortized to earnings over the remaining term of the hedged item.    Derivatives, including those that are not designated as a
hedge, are principally classified in the operating section of the consolidated statements of cash flows in the same category as the related consolidated balance sheet account.    Refer to Note 8 for further information regarding the company’s derivative and hedging activities.    Changes in Accounting Standards    Effective January 1, 2013, the company has
prospectively adopted new accounting guidance that requires an entity to report the effect of significant reclassifications out of AOCI on the respective line items in the consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 13 for related disclosures.
   On January 1, 2012, the company adopted a new accounting standard which eliminated the company’s previous election to present other
comprehensive income within the consolidated statements of changes in equity, and provided the option to present the components of net income and other comprehensive income either as one continuous statement of comprehensive income or as two
separate but consecutive statements. The standard is reflected in the company’s consolidated statements of comprehensive income, presented as a separate consecutive statement to the consolidated statements of income, and was
retrospectively applied to all prior periods presented.  
      58  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTE 2  
  SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION      
     Other Long-Term Assets  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 876 
    
    
 $ 
 1,156 
    
 
   Other long-term receivables 
    
   
 216 
    
    
   
 154 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 442 
    
    
   
 406 
    
 
     
   
 
   Other long-term assets 
    
 $ 
 1,534 
    
    
 $ 
 1,716 
    
 
     
   
   Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Accounts payable, principally trade 
    
 $ 
 1,103 
    
    
 $ 
 766 
    
 
   Income taxes payable 
    
   
 302 
    
    
   
 451 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 760 
    
    
   
 878 
    
 
   Common stock dividends payable 
    
   
 266 
    
    
   
 246 
    
 
   Employee compensation and withholdings 
    
   
 667 
    
    
   
 567 
    
 
   Property, payroll and certain other taxes 
    
   
 237 
    
    
   
 152 
    
 
   Infusion pump reserves 
    
   
 64 
    
    
   
 37 
    
 
   Business optimization reserves 
    
   
 199 
    
    
   
 151 
    
 
   Accrued rebates 
    
   
 346 
    
    
   
 291 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 922 
    
    
   
 870 
    
 
     
   
 
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 4,866 
    
    
 $ 
 4,409 
    
 
     
   
   Other Long-Term Liabilities      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Pension and other employee benefits 
    
 $ 
 2,049 
    
    
 $ 
 2,427 
    
 
   Litigation reserves 
    
   
 72 
    
    
   
 32 
    
 
   Infusion pump reserves 
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 90 
    
 
   Business optimization reserves 
    
   
 89 
    
    
   
 69 
    
 
   Contingent payment liabilities 
    
   
 340 
    
    
   
 86 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 782 
    
    
   
 369 
    
 
     
   
 
   Other long-term liabilities 
    
 $ 
 3,351 
    
    
 $ 
 3,073 
    
 
     
   
   Net Interest Expense      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
   Interest costs 
    
 $ 
 225 
    
   
 $ 
 165 
    
   
 $ 
 132 
    
 
   Interest costs capitalized 
    
   
 (70 
 )  
   
   
 (52 
 )  
   
   
 (40 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 155 
    
   
   
 113 
    
   
   
 92 
    
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 (38 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Net interest expense 
    
 $ 
 128 
    
   
 $ 
 87 
    
   
 $ 
 54 
    
 
     
   
 
      59  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other (Income) Expense, Net  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Impairment charges 
    
 $ 
 21 
    
   
 $ 
 9 
    
   
 $ 
 62 
    
 
   Net gains related to contingent payment liabilities 
    
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 (91 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Foreign exchange 
    
   
 26 
    
   
   
 (49 
 )  
   
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Securitization and factoring arrangements 
    
   
 18 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Equity method investments 
    
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Noncontrolling interests 
    
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 (15 
 )  
   
   
 13 
    
 
     
   
 
   Other (income) expense, net 
    
 $ 
 (9 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (155 
 )  
   
 $ 
 83 
    
 
     
   
   Other (income) expense, net includes the benefit from net losses attributable to noncontrolling interests of
$31 million and $28 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, which has been prospectively reclassified as other (income) expense, net effective January 1, 2012 based on materiality.    During 2012, the company recorded gains of $53 million and $38 million related to the reduction of contingent payment liabilities for certain milestones associated with the 2011 acquisition of Prism
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Prism) and the 2010 acquisition of ApaTech Limited (ApaTech), respectively. The $53 million gain related to the Prism acquisition was included in the Medical Products segment’s pre-tax income and the $38 million gain
related to the ApaTech acquisition was included in the BioScience segment’s pre-tax income. Refer to Note 9 for further information about these gains.    During 2011, the company recorded impairment charges of $62 million principally related to the write-down of the company’s Greek government bonds, which was recorded at the corporate level and not
allocated to a segment.    Sale of Business    In May 2011, the company completed the divestiture of its U.S. multi-source generic injectables business to Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC (Hikma). The consideration for the divestiture arrangement totaled
$104 million, after closing-related adjustments. Hikma acquired Baxter’s high-volume, multi-source generic injectable products in vials and ampoules, including chronic pain, anti-infective and anti-emetic products, along with a manufacturing
facility located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, and a warehouse and distribution center located in Memphis, Tennessee.    Net sales related to the
U.S. multi-source generic injectables business, which were reported in the Medical Products segment prior to the divestiture, totaled $58 million in 2011. Pre-tax earnings related to this business were not significant to Baxter’s consolidated
financial statements in 2011.    Exercise of SIGMA Option    In April 2012, the company exercised its option to purchase the remaining equity of SIGMA for a cash payment of $90 million. Since the 2009 acquisition of a 40% stake in SIGMA, the company has
consolidated the financial statements of SIGMA, with the equity owned by existing SIGMA equity holders reported as noncontrolling interests. As a result, the exercise of the option was treated as an equity transaction and no additional assets were
recognized by Baxter related to the additional ownership interest acquired. On the date of exercise, the carrying value of the noncontrolling interest was eliminated to reflect Baxter’s change in ownership interest in SIGMA’s equity and
the carrying value of the call option was also eliminated. The exercise of the SIGMA purchase option had no direct impact on the company’s results of operations, and the payment was classified as a financing activity on the consolidated
statement of cash flows. Effective as of the date of the option exercise, 100% of SIGMA’s pre-tax income has been reflected in the company’s results of operations and, as a result, the company no longer reports noncontrolling interest
related to SIGMA.  
      60  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTE 3  
  EARNINGS PER SHARE      
     The numerator for both basic and diluted earnings
per share (EPS) is net income attributable to Baxter. The denominator for basic EPS is the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. The dilutive effect of outstanding stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs) and
performance share units (PSUs) is reflected in the denominator for diluted EPS using the treasury stock method.    The following is a
reconciliation of basic shares to diluted shares.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Basic shares 
    
   
 543 
    
    
   
 551 
    
    
   
 569 
    
 
   Effect of dilutive securities 
    
   
 6 
    
    
   
 5 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
     
   
 
   Diluted shares 
    
   
 549 
    
    
   
 556 
    
    
   
 573 
    
 
     
   
   The effect of dilutive securities included unexercised stock options, unvested RSUs and contingently issuable shares
related to granted PSUs. The computation of diluted EPS excluded stock options to purchase 5 million, 16 million and 19 million shares in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive
effect on diluted EPS. Refer to Note 11 for additional information regarding items impacting basic shares.  
  NOTE 4  
  ACQUISITIONS AND COLLABORATIONS      
     Acquisition of Gambro  
 Description of transaction    On
September 6, 2013, Baxter acquired 100 percent of the voting equity interests in Indap Holding AB, the holding company for Gambro, a privately held dialysis product company based in Lund, Sweden. Gambro is a global medical technology company
focused on developing, manufacturing and supplying dialysis products and therapies for patients with acute or chronic kidney disease. The transaction provides Baxter with a broad and complementary dialysis product portfolio, while further advancing
the company’s geographic footprint in the dialysis business. In addition, the company has augmented its pipeline with Gambro’s next-generation monitors, dialyzers, devices and dialysis solutions.  
 Fair value of consideration transferred and net assets acquired    The total cash consideration for the acquisition, as reduced by assumed debt of $221 million, was $3.7 billion. In the fourth quarter of 2013, the company substantially completed its valuation of the
consideration transferred and certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed. As a result, Baxter adjusted its preliminary estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date to reflect the updated
valuations. The measurement period adjustments included reductions of $360 million, $128 million and $118 million to other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, and other long-term liabilities, respectively, in addition to other
immaterial adjustments to working capital. The adjustments above resulted in a corresponding increase in goodwill of $368 million. The measurement period adjustments did not have a material impact on Baxter’s results of operations in 2013.
 
      61  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following table summarizes the fair value of the consideration transferred and the amounts recognized
for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date. Additional measurement period adjustments may occur as the company finalizes its valuation of the acquisition date assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
     
   


 
   Consideration transferred 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 3,704 
    
 
     
   
 
   Fair value of consideration transferred 
    
 $ 
 3,704 
    
 
     
   
 
   Assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 88 
    
 
   Accounts receivable 
    
   
 490 
    
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 368 
    
 
   Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 54 
    
 
   Property, plant, and equipment 
    
   
 726 
    
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
   
 1,290 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 11 
    
 
   Current-maturities of long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
 
   Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 (340 
 )  
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 (261 
 )  
 
   Other long-term liabilities (including pension obligations of $209) 
    
   
 (340 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total identifiable net assets 
    
   
 2,084 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 1,620 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
    
 $ 
 3,704 
    
 
     
   
   The results of operations, assets and liabilities of Gambro are included in the Medical Products segment, together with
the related goodwill. Goodwill includes expected synergies, as well as an expanded dialysis product portfolio and global footprint for the company’s Medical Products business, particularly the Renal franchise. The goodwill is not deductible for
tax purposes. Other intangible assets include developed technology of $916 million, trademarks of $206 million, and indefinite-lived IPR&D of $168 million. Other intangible assets, excluding IPR&D, are being amortized on a straight-line
basis over a weighted-average estimated useful life of approximately 15.0 years, as of the date of acquisition. The acquired IPR&D relates to next generation monitors, dialyzers, fluids, and other technologies used in both chronic and acute
therapies. The projects range in levels of completion and are expected to be completed over the next five years. The value of the IPR&D was calculated using cash flow projections adjusted for the inherent technical, regulatory,
commercial and obsolescence risk in such activities, discounted at a rate of 12%. Additional research and development will be required before these projects reach technological feasibility, and, as of the acquisition date, incremental R&D
costs of approximately $85 million are expected to complete the projects.    Long-term debt and lease obligations includes $221 million of
Gambro’s pre-existing Euro-denominated debt assumed by Baxter on the date of closing, which was subsequently paid off in September 2013. The debt settlement has been classified as a financing activity in the consolidated statement of cash
flows.    Acquisition-related costs    The company incurred acquisition-related costs of $101 million during 2013, which were recorded in marketing and administrative expenses.  
      62  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Actual and pro forma impact of acquisition    The following table presents information for Gambro that has been included in Baxter’s consolidated statement of income from the acquisition date through December 31, 2013.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Gambro’s operations included in Baxter’s results 
   


 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 513 
    
 
   Net loss 
    
 $ 
 (45 
 )  
 
     
   
   Net loss related to Gambro includes purchase accounting impacts related to fair value adjustments associated with
acquisition-date inventory that was sold in 2013 (approximately $62 million on a pre-tax basis).    The following table presents supplemental
pro forma information as if the acquisition of Gambro had occurred on January 1, 2012 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Unaudited Pro Forma Consolidated Results 
   
 
   
    
 Years ended December 31, 
   
 
 (in millions, except per share information) 
    
       2013 
   
    
       2012 
   


 
   Net sales 
    
 $ 
 16,288 
    
    
 $ 
 15,767 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 2,138 
    
    
   
 2,021 
    
 
   Basic earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 3.94 
    
    
 $ 
 3.67 
    
 
   Diluted earnings per share 
    
 $ 
 3.89 
    
    
 $ 
 3.63 
    
 
     
   
   The unaudited pro forma consolidated results were prepared using the acquisition method of accounting and are based on
the historical information of Baxter and Gambro. The unaudited pro forma consolidated results are not necessarily indicative of what the consolidated results of operations would have been had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2012.
In addition, the unaudited pro forma consolidated results are not projections of future results of operations of the combined company nor do they reflect the expected realization of any cost savings or synergies associated with the acquisition.
   The unaudited pro forma consolidated results reflect primarily the following pro forma pre-tax adjustments:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Conversion of Gambro’s historical results of operations from International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) to GAAP.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Elimination of Gambro’s historical intangible asset amortization expense and property, plant and equipment depreciation expense.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Addition of amortization expense related to the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Addition of depreciation expense related to the fair value of property, plant and equipment acquired.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Elimination of a $62 million charge related to the fair value of acquisition-date inventory from the year ended December 31, 2013.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Addition of a $62 million charge related to the fair value of acquisition-date inventory to the year ended December 31, 2012.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Elimination of Gambro’s historical interest expense and addition of interest expense associated with debt that was issued in 2013 to partially
finance the acquisition.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Elimination of $244 million of acquisition, integration and currency-related charges from the year ended December 31, 2013 and addition of these
costs to the year ended December 31, 2012. These costs were directly attributable to the acquisition and non-recurring in nature, and included acquisition and integration related charges incurred by Baxter, in addition to post-acquisition
restructuring costs and losses from foreign currency hedging activity related to the acquisition.  
      63  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other Acquisitions    The following table summarizes the fair value of consideration transferred and the recognized amounts of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date for the company’s other
significant acquisitions in 2013, 2012 and 2011.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
 
    
 Inspiration / Ipsen OBI-1 Business 
   
    
 Synovis 
   
    
 Baxa 
   
   
 Prism 
   


 
   Consideration transferred 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash, net of cash acquired 
    
 $ 
 51 
    
    
 $ 
 304 
    
    
 $ 
 358 
    
   
 $ 
 170 
    
 
   Contingent payments 
    
   
 269 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 67 
    
 
     
   
 
   Fair value of consideration transferred 
    
 $ 
 320 
    
    
 $ 
 304 
    
    
 $ 
 358 
    
   
 $ 
 237 
    
 
     
   
 
   Assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 288 
    
    
 $ 
 115 
    
    
 $ 
 145 
    
   
 $ 
 229 
    
 
   Other assets (liabilities), net 
    
   
 25 
    
    
   
 25 
    
    
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 (64 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total identifiable net assets 
    
   
 313 
    
    
   
 140 
    
    
   
 121 
    
   
   
 165 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 164 
    
    
   
 237 
    
   
   
 72 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
    
 $ 
 320 
    
    
 $ 
 304 
    
    
 $ 
 358 
    
   
 $ 
 237 
    
 
     
   
   Pro forma financial information has not been included because these acquisitions, individually and in the aggregate, did
not have a material impact on the company’s financial position or results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.    The company’s acquisitions have provided Baxter with complementary and expanded product portfolios in its BioScience and Medical Products businesses. Additional information regarding the above
acquisitions has been provided below.    Inspiration / Ipsen OBI-1 business    In March 2013, Baxter acquired the investigational hemophilia compound OBI-1 and related assets from Inspiration BioPharmaceuticals, Inc. (Inspiration), as well as certain other OBI-1 related assets,
including manufacturing operations, from Ipsen Pharma S.A.S. (Ipsen) in conjunction with Inspiration’s bankruptcy proceedings. OBI-1 is a recombinant porcine factor VIII (rpFVIII) being investigated for treatment of bleeding in people with
acquired hemophilia A and congenital hemophilia A patients with inhibitors. Ipsen was Inspiration’s senior secured creditor and had been providing Inspiration with debtor-in-possession financing to fund Inspiration’s operations and the
sales process. Additionally, Ipsen was the owner of certain assets acquired by Baxter in the transaction.    The acquired net assets comprised a
business based on the acquired inputs, processes and outputs and, as a result, the transaction has been accounted for as an acquisition of a business. In March 2013, Baxter made an upfront payment of $51 million for the Inspiration / Ipsen OBI-1
business. The terms of the acquisition also included contingent consideration, including up to $135 million in payments related to the achievement of certain regulatory and sales milestones. Additionally, Baxter will be responsible for specified
sales-based payments.    The estimated fair value of contingent payment liabilities at the acquisition date was $269 million, based on the
probability of achieving the specified milestones and sales-based payments and the discounting of expected future cash flows, and was recorded in other long-term liabilities as part of the consideration transferred. As of December 31, 2013, the
estimated fair value of the contingent payments was $291 million, with changes in the estimated fair value recognized in earnings. Refer to Note 9 for additional information regarding the Inspiration / Ipsen OBI-1 business contingent payment
liability.  
      64  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Goodwill of $7 million principally includes the value associated with the assembled workforce at the
acquired manufacturing facility. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. Other intangible assets of $288 million related to acquired IPR&D activities, which were accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets. The acquired IPR&D
primarily relates to certain indications for OBI-1 related to the treatment of people with acquired hemophilia A and congenital hemophilia A patients. The projects range in levels of completion and are expected to be completed over the next
five years. The value of the IPR&D was calculated using cash flow projections adjusted for the inherent technical, regulatory, commercial and obsolescence risk in such activities, discounted at a rate of 13%. Additional research and
development will be required before the activities related to OBI-1 reach technological feasibility, and, as of the acquisition date, incremental R&D costs of approximately $50 million are expected to complete the projects.  
 The results of operations, assets and liabilities of the Inspiration / Ipsen OBI-1 business are included in the BioScience segment, together with the
related goodwill.    Synovis Life Technologies, Inc.    In February 2012, the company acquired Synovis Life Technologies, Inc. (Synovis), a publicly-traded company which develops, manufactures and markets biological and mechanical products for soft tissue
repair used in a variety of surgical procedures.    Goodwill of $164 million includes expected synergies and other benefits the company believes
will result from the acquisition, including an expanded product portfolio and the impact of a larger sales force to support surgeons across a range of procedures. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Other intangible assets of $115
million relate to developed technology and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated average useful life of 12 years.  
 The results of operations, assets and liabilities of Synovis are included in the BioScience segment, together with the related goodwill.  
 Baxa Corporation    In November 2011, the
company acquired privately-held Baxa Corporation (Baxa), which manufactures and markets devices, systems and software for the safe and efficient preparation, handling, packaging and administration of fluid medications.  
 Goodwill of $237 million includes expected synergies and other benefits the company believes will result from the acquisition, including additional
growth opportunities and an enhanced ability to treat all patient segments. The goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. Other intangible assets of $145 million primarily relate to customer relationships and are being amortized on a
straight-line basis over an estimated average useful life of 13 years, as of the date of the acquisition. The results of operations, assets and liabilities of Baxa are included in the Medical Products segment, together with the related goodwill.
   Prism Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
 In May 2011, the company acquired privately-held Prism Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Prism), a specialty pharmaceutical company whose products include NEXTERONE
(amiodarone HCl), an antiarrhythmic agent used for ventricular tachyarrhythmias, or fast forms of irregular heartbeat.    Goodwill of $72
million includes expected synergies in manufacturing and formulation expertise and other benefits the company believes will result from the acquisition, including opportunities for revenue growth through existing sales channels. The goodwill is not
deductible for tax purposes. Other intangible assets of $225 million, excluding IPR&D of $4 million, primarily relate to developed technology and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated average useful life of 14
years, as of the date of the acquisition. The results of operations, assets and liabilities of Prism are included in the Medical Products segment, together with the related goodwill.  
      65  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The terms of the acquisition included contingent payments of up to $168 million associated with the
achievement of specified sales milestones through 2017. The estimated fair value of the contingent payments at the acquisition date was $67 million, based on the probability of achieving the specified sales milestones, and was recorded in other
long-term liabilities as part of the consideration transferred. As of December 31, 2013, the estimated fair value of the contingent payments was $17 million, with changes in the estimated fair value recognized in earnings. Refer to Note 9 for
additional information regarding the Prism contingent payment liability.    Collaborations  
 Cell Therapeutics, Inc.    In November
2013, Baxter entered into an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement with Cell Therapeutics, Inc. (Cell Therapeutics), to develop and commercialize pacritinib, a novel investigational JAK2/FLT3 inhibitor with activity against genetic mutations
linked to myelofibrosis, leukemia and certain solid tumors. Pacritinib is currently in Phase III development for patients with myelofibrosis, a chronic malignant bone marrow disorder. Under the terms of the agreement, Baxter gained exclusive
commercialization rights for all indications for pacritinib outside the United States and Baxter and Cell Therapeutics will jointly commercialize pacritinib in the United States. In the fourth quarter of 2013, Baxter recognized an R&D charge of
$33 million related to an upfront cash payment associated with the execution of the agreement. As of December 31, 2013, Baxter may make additional payments of up to $112 million related to the achievement of clinical, regulatory and commercial
milestones, in addition to future sales milestones and royalties.    In November 2013, Baxter acquired approximately 16 million shares of
Cell Therapeutics common stock for $27 million.    Coherus Biosciences, Inc.  
 In August 2013, Baxter and Coherus Biosciences, Inc. (Coherus) entered into an exclusive collaboration to develop and commercialize a biosimilar to
etanercept for Europe, Canada, Brazil and certain other markets. Baxter also has specified rights to include additional products in the collaboration. In the fourth quarter of 2013, Baxter recognized an R&D charge of $30 million
related to its decision to continue to pursue development of etanercept. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2013, Baxter recognized an R&D charge of $15 million related to a milestone payment under the agreement. As of December 31,
2013, Baxter may make additional payments of up to $154 million relating to the achievement of development and regulatory milestones, as well as royalties based on net sales.    JW Holdings Corporation    In July 2013, Baxter and JW Holdings Corporation (JW Holdings)
entered into a collaboration agreement for parenteral nutritional products containing a novel formulation of omega 3 lipids. Baxter has exclusive rights to co-develop and distribute the products globally, with the exception of Korea. In the third
quarter of 2013, Baxter recognized an R&D charge of $25 million related to an upfront cash payment associated with the execution of the agreement. As of December 31, 2013, Baxter may make additional payments of up to $11 million relating to
the achievement of regulatory milestones, in addition to future royalties.    Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.  
 In September 2012, Baxter executed a licensing agreement with Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. (Onconova) for rigosertib, a novel targeted anti-cancer compound
for the treatment of a group of rare hematologic malignancies called Myelodysplastic Syndromes and pancreatic cancer. The agreement provides Baxter with commercialization rights for the compound in Europe for those indications. In the third quarter
of 2012, Baxter recognized an R&D charge of $50 million related to an upfront cash payment associated with the execution of the agreement. As of December 31, 2013, Baxter may make additional payments of up to $357 million related to the
achievement of development and regulatory milestones, in addition to future sales milestones and royalties.  
      66  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  In July 2012, Baxter acquired approximately 3 million shares of Onconova preferred stock for $50
million. Refer to Note 9 for additional information regarding this investment.    Chatham Therapeutics, LLC  
 In May 2012, Baxter executed an exclusive agreement with Chatham Therapeutics, LLC (Chatham), an affiliate of Asklepios BioPharmaceutical, Inc., for the
development and commercialization of potential treatments for hemophilia B utilizing Chatham’s gene therapy technology. Under the agreement, Baxter and Chatham will investigate Chatham’s gene therapy technology through U.S.-based
hemophilia B clinical trials and Baxter has global rights for the marketing and commercialization of new treatments. In the second quarter of 2012, Baxter recognized an R&D charge of $30 million related to upfront cash payments associated with
the execution of the agreement. As of December 31, 2013, Baxter may make additional payments of up to $60 million over the next several years related to the achievement of development and commercial milestones. In addition, Baxter has certain
responsibilities related to development and commercialization activities under the agreement.    Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
   In 2011, the company announced a global collaboration with Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Momenta) to develop and commercialize
biosimilars. In February 2012, Baxter made an upfront cash payment of $33 million to Momenta for the development of up to six biosimilars, which was recognized as an R&D charge. As of December 31, 2013, Baxter may make additional payments
of up to approximately $131 million over the next several years related to option exercises and the achievement of technical, development and regulatory milestones for these products. Baxter may be responsible for additional future payments
contingent upon the company’s exercise of the remaining product options. The arrangement also includes specified funding by Baxter, as well as other responsibilities, relating to development and commercialization activities.  
  NOTE 5  
  GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET      
     Goodwill  
 The following is a summary of the activity in goodwill by segment.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
 BioScience 
   
    
   Medical   Products 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
 806 
    
    
 $ 
 1,511 
    
   
 $ 
 2,317 
    
 
   Additions 
    
   
 161 
    
    
   
 21 
    
   
   
 182 
    
 
   Currency translation and other adjustments 
    
   
 8 
    
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 3 
    
 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2012 
    
   
 975 
    
    
   
 1,527 
    
   
   
 2,502 
    
 
   Additions 
    
   
 7 
    
    
   
 1,622 
    
   
   
 1,629 
    
 
   Currency translation and other adjustments 
    
   
 9 
    
    
   
 65 
    
   
   
 74 
    
 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 991 
    
    
 $ 
 3,214 
    
   
 $ 
 4,205 
    
 
     
   
   Goodwill additions in 2013 principally related to the third quarter acquisition of Gambro in the Medical Products segment
and the first quarter acquisition of the Inspiration / Ipsen OBI-1 business in the BioScience segment. Goodwill additions in 2012 principally related to the acquisition of Synovis and an additional $19 million from the 2012 acquisition of
Laboratoire Fasonut (Fasonut), a privately-held French pharmaceutical company specializing in parenteral nutrition compounding for hospitals, in which Baxter had previously held a 20% equity interest. Synovis is included in the BioScience segment
and Fasonut is included in the Medical Products segment. See Note 4 for further information.    As of December 31, 2013, there were no
accumulated goodwill impairment losses.  
      67  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Other Intangible Assets, Net    The following is a summary of the company’s other intangible assets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
   Developed technology, 
 including patents 
   
   
   Other amortized   intangible assets 
   
   
   Indefinite-lived 
 intangible assets 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2013 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Gross other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 2,144 
    
   
 $ 
   494 
    
   
 $ 
 465 
    
    
 $ 
 3,103 
    
 
   Accumulated amortization 
    
   
 (665 
 )  
   
   
 (144 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (809 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
    
 $ 
    1,479 
    
   
 $ 
 350 
    
   
 $ 
 465 
    
    
 $ 
    2,294 
    
 
     
   
 
   December 31, 2012 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Gross other intangible assets 
    
 $ 
 1,192 
    
   
 $ 
 280 
    
   
 $ 
 22 
    
    
 $ 
 1,494 
    
 
   Accumulated amortization 
    
   
 (578 
 )  
   
   
 (102 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (680 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Other intangible assets, net 
    
 $ 
 614 
    
   
 $ 
 178 
    
   
 $ 
 22 
    
    
 $ 
 814 
    
 
     
   
   Intangible asset amortization expense was $129 million in 2013, $101 million in 2012 and $81 million in 2011. The
anticipated annual amortization expense for intangible assets recorded as of December 31, 2013 is $182 million in 2014, $180 million in 2015, $177 million in 2016, $159 million in 2017 and $154 million in 2018.  
 Refer to Note 4 for further information regarding significant acquisitions impacting other intangible assets, net.  
  NOTE 6  
  INFUSION PUMP AND BUSINESS OPTIMIZATION CHARGES      
     Infusion Pump Charges 
 From 2005 through 2012, the company recorded total charges and adjustments of $888 million related to COLLEAGUE and SYNDEO infusion pumps, including $742
million of cash costs and $146 million principally related to asset impairments.    During 2012, the company recorded an adjustment of $37
million in cost of sales to reduce the COLLEAGUE infusion pump reserves as the company substantially completed its recall activities in the United States. The company also further refined the original expectations for cash and non-cash activities
based on expected usage of the reserves and recorded a $63 million adjustment to increase reserves for cash costs with a corresponding decrease to non-cash reserves, which had no impact on the results of operations. The net impact of these
adjustments was an increase in cash reserves of $26 million during 2012.    During 2013, the company further refined its expectations for cash
and non-cash activities based on expected usage of the reserves and recorded a $17 million adjustment to decrease reserves for cash costs with a corresponding increase to non-cash reserves, which had no impact on the results of operations. The
following table summarizes cash activity in the company’s COLLEAGUE and SYNDEO infusion pump reserves through December 31, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
   
   


 
     
   
 
   Charges and adjustments in 2005 through 2011 
    
 $ 
 716 
    
 
   Utilization in 2005 through 2011 
    
   
 (440 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Reserves at December 31, 2011 
    
   
 276 
    
 
   Utilization 
    
   
 (175 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 26 
    
 
     
   
 
   Reserves at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 127 
    
 
   Utilization 
    
   
 (27 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (17 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Reserves at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 83 
    
 
     
   
 
      68  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The reserve for remediation activities in the United States has been substantially utilized, with remaining
reserves related to remediation activities outside of the United States continuing to be utilized through 2015. In January 2013, Baxter received license approvals in Canada for a replacement infusion pump that will allow the company to complete
remediation activities in Canada. The company believes that the remaining infusion pump reserves are adequate. However, additional adjustments may be recorded in the future as the programs are completed.  
 It is possible that substantial additional cash and non-cash charges may be required in future periods based on new information, changes in estimates,
and actions the company may be required to undertake in markets outside the United States.    Business Optimization Charges 
 In 2013, 2012 and 2011, the company recorded total charges of $314 million, $150 million and $192 million, respectively, primarily related to costs
associated with optimizing its overall cost structure on a global basis, as the company streamlined its international operations, rationalized its manufacturing facilities, enhanced its general and administrative infrastructure and re-aligned
certain R&D activities. The charges included severance costs, as well as asset impairments and contract terminations associated with discontinued products and projects. The total 2013 business optimization charges also included severance and
other non-cash impairment losses associated with the discontinuation of certain R&D programs associated with the Vaccines franchise, in addition to Gambro post-acquisition restructuring activities. In 2013, the company also recorded adjustments
of $20 million to previous business optimization reserves that are no longer probable of being utilized, which were recorded in cost of sales.  
 Included in the 2013, 2012 and 2011 charges were cash costs of $182 million, $98 million and $156 million, respectively, principally pertaining to
severance and other employee-related costs in Europe and the United States. Also included in total charges were asset impairments relating to fixed assets, inventory and other assets associated with discontinued products and projects. These other
costs totaled $132 million, $52 million and $36 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.    Of the total 2013 charge, $145 million was
recorded in cost of sales, $96 million was recorded in marketing and administrative expenses, and $73 million was recorded in research and development expenses. Of the total 2012 charge, $62 million was recorded in cost of sales, $60 million was
recorded in marketing and administrative expenses, and $28 million was recorded in research and development expenses. Of the total 2011 charge, $95 million was recorded in cost of sales and $97 million was recorded in marketing and administrative
expenses.    The following table summarizes cash activity in the reserves related to the company’s business optimization initiatives.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
   
   


 
     
   
 
   Reserve at December 31, 2010 
    
 $ 
 180 
    
 
   2011 Charge 
    
   
 156 
    
 
   Utilization in 2011 
    
   
 (110 
 )  
 
   CTA 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Reserve at December 31, 2011 
    
   
 225 
    
 
   2012 Charge 
    
   
 98 
    
 
   Utilization in 2012 
    
   
 (99 
 )  
 
   CTA 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Reserve at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 220 
    
 
   2013 Charge 
    
   
 182 
    
 
   Reserve adjustments 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
 
   Utilization in 2013 
    
   
 (98 
 )  
 
   CTA 
    
   
 4 
    
 
     
   
 
   Reserve at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 288 
    
 
     
   
 
      69  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The reserves are expected to be substantially utilized by the end of 2015. The company believes that the
reserves are adequate. However, adjustments may be recorded in the future as the programs are completed.  
  NOTE 7  
  DEBT, CREDIT FACILITIES AND LEASE COMMITMENTS      
     Debt Outstanding  
 At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the company had the following debt outstanding.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
   
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Commercial paper 
   
 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Other short-term debt 
   
 
    
   
 181 
    
    
   
 27 
    
 
     
   
 
   Short-term debt 
   
 
    
 $ 
 181 
    
    
 $ 
 27 
    
 
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 Effective interest rate in 2013 1 
   
    
 2013 2 
   
   
 2012 2 
   


 
     
   
 
   1.8% notes due 2013 
    
   
 1.7% 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 301 
    
 
   4.0% notes due 2014 
    
   
 4.1% 
    
    
   
 351 
    
   
   
 358 
    
 
   Floating rate notes due 2014 
    
   
 0.7% 
    
    
   
 500 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Variable-rate loan due 2015 
    
   
 0.9% 
    
    
   
 194 
    
   
   
 243 
    
 
   4.625% notes due 2015 
    
   
 4.8% 
    
    
   
 625 
    
   
   
 646 
    
 
   5.9% notes due 2016 
    
   
 6.0% 
    
    
   
 622 
    
   
   
 631 
    
 
   0.95% notes due 2016 
    
   
 1.1% 
    
    
   
 500 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   1.85% notes due 2017 
    
   
 2.0% 
    
    
   
 500 
    
   
   
 500 
    
 
   Variable-rate loan due 2017 
    
   
 1.1% 
    
    
   
 136 
    
   
   
 170 
    
 
   5.375% notes due 2018 
    
   
 5.5% 
    
    
   
 499 
    
   
   
 499 
    
 
   1.85% notes due 2018 
    
   
 1.9% 
    
    
   
 750 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   4.5% notes due 2019 
    
   
 4.6% 
    
    
   
 534 
    
   
   
 566 
    
 
   4.25% notes due 2020 
    
   
 4.4% 
    
    
   
 299 
    
   
   
 299 
    
 
   2.40% notes due 2022 
    
   
 2.5% 
    
    
   
 684 
    
   
   
 697 
    
 
   3.2% notes due 2023 
    
   
 3.2% 
    
    
   
 1,246 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   6.625% debentures due 2028 
    
   
 6.7% 
    
    
   
 133 
    
   
   
 133 
    
 
   6.25% notes due 2037 
    
   
 6.3% 
    
    
   
 499 
    
   
   
 499 
    
 
   3.65% notes due 2042 
    
   
 3.7% 
    
    
   
 298 
    
   
   
 298 
    
 
   4.5% notes due 2043 
    
   
 4.4% 
    
    
   
 500 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 115 
    
   
   
 63 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total debt and capital lease obligations 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 8,985 
    
   
   
 5,903 
    
 
   Current portion 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (859 
 )  
   
   
 (323 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Long-term portion 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 8,126 
    
   
 $ 
 5,580 
    
 
     
   
     
 
 
 1 
   Excludes the
effect of any related interest rate swaps.  
 
 
 2   
   Book values include any discounts, premiums and adjustments related to hedging instruments.  
 Significant Debt Issuances    In June
2013, the company issued $500 million of floating rate senior notes maturing in December 2014, $500 million of senior notes bearing a coupon rate of 0.95% and maturing in June 2016, $750 million of senior notes bearing a coupon rate of 1.85% and
maturing in June 2018, $1.25 billion of senior notes bearing a coupon rate of 3.2% and maturing in June 2023, and $500 million of senior notes bearing a coupon rate of 4.5% and maturing in June 2043. The interest rate on the floating rate senior
notes was 0.4126% as of December 31, 2013.  
      70  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
Approximately $3.0 billion of the net proceeds from the June 2013 debt issuances was used to finance the acquisition of Gambro in 2013 and the remainder was used for general corporate purposes,
including the repayment of commercial paper.    In August 2012, the company issued $1.0 billion of senior notes, with $700 million maturing in
August 2022 and bearing a 2.40% coupon rate, and $300 million maturing in August 2042 and bearing a 3.65% coupon rate. In December 2011, the company issued $500 million of senior notes maturing in January 2017 and bearing a 1.85% coupon rate.
   The net proceeds of the August 2012 debt issuance were used for general corporate purposes, which included capital expenditures associated
with previously announced plans to expand capacity to support longer-term growth of the company’s plasma-based treatments. The net proceeds of the debt issuances from prior years were used for general corporate purposes, which in some cases
included the refinancing of indebtedness. The debt instruments are unsecured and include certain covenants, including restrictions relating to the company’s creation of secured debt.    Commercial Paper    During 2013, the company issued and redeemed commercial paper, and there
was no balance outstanding at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012.    Credit Facilities  
 The company had $2.7 billion of cash and equivalents at December 31, 2013, and $3.3 billion of cash and equivalents at December 31, 2012. The
company’s primary revolving credit facility has a maximum capacity of $1.5 billion and matures in June 2015. The company also maintains a Euro-denominated revolving credit facility with a maximum capacity of approximately $413 million at
December 31, 2013. In 2013, the company amended the agreement related to this facility to extend the maturity date to December 2014. The terms of the Euro-denominated credit facility did not substantially change, however certain provisions were
amended to more closely align with the company’s primary credit facility. As of December 31, 2013 approximately $124 million was outstanding under the Euro-denominated facility and there were no outstanding borrowings under the primary
revolving credit facility. In 2012, there were no outstanding borrowings under either of these facilities. The company’s facilities enable the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates, and contain various
covenants, including a maximum net-debt-to-capital ratio. At December 31, 2013, the company was in compliance with the financial covenants in these agreements. The non-performance of any financial institution supporting either of the credit
facilities would reduce the maximum capacity of these facilities by each institution’s respective commitment.    The company also maintains
other credit arrangements, which totaled $587 million at December 31, 2013 and $332 million at December 31, 2012. Borrowings outstanding under these facilities totaled $181 million at December 31, 2013 and $27 million at
December 31, 2012.    In January 2013, Baxter entered into an agreement related to a 364-day bridge loan facility with a maximum capacity
of $3.1 billion in connection with the planned acquisition of Gambro. This facility was terminated in the second quarter of 2013 as a result of the company’s June 2013 issuance of debt. The company recognized a $13 million expense related to
bridge loan facility structuring and commitment fees in other (income) expense, net during the second quarter of 2013.    Leases
   The company leases certain facilities and equipment under capital and operating leases expiring at various dates. The leases generally
provide for the company to pay taxes, maintenance, insurance and certain other operating costs of the leased property. Most of the operating leases contain renewal options. Operating lease rent expense was $214 million in 2013, $202 million in 2012
and $203 million in 2011.  
      71  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Future Minimum Lease Payments and Debt Maturities  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 Operating leases 
    
 Debt maturities and capital leases 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $   216 
    
 $ 
    859 
    
 
   2015 
    
 180 
    
   
 813 
    
 
   2016 
    
 158 
    
   
 1,111 
    
 
   2017 
    
 140 
    
   
 647 
    
 
   2018 
    
 120 
    
   
 1,262 
    
 
   Thereafter 
    
 271 
    
   
 4,328 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total obligations and commitments 
    
 1,085 
    
   
 9,020 
    
 
   Interest on capital leases, discounts and premiums, and adjustments relating to hedging instruments 
    
 n/a 
    
   
 (35 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total debt and lease obligations 
    
 $1,085 
    
 $ 
 8,985 
    
 
   
   
 
  NOTE 8  
  DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITY      
     Foreign Currency and Interest Rate Risk
Management    The company operates on a global basis and is exposed to the risk that its earnings, cash flows and equity could be adversely
impacted by fluctuations in foreign exchange and interest rates. The company’s hedging policy attempts to manage these risks to an acceptable level based on the company’s judgment of the appropriate trade-off between risk, opportunity and
costs.    The company is primarily exposed to foreign exchange risk with respect to recognized assets and liabilities, forecasted transactions
and net assets denominated in the Euro, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Australian Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Brazilian Real, Colombian Peso and Swedish Krona. The company manages its foreign currency exposures on a consolidated basis, which allows the
company to net exposures and take advantage of any natural offsets. In addition, the company uses derivative and nonderivative instruments to further reduce the net exposure to foreign exchange. Gains and losses on the hedging instruments offset
losses and gains on the hedged transactions and reduce the earnings and equity volatility resulting from foreign exchange. Financial market and currency volatility may limit the company’s ability to cost-effectively hedge these exposures.
   The company is also exposed to the risk that its earnings and cash flows could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in interest rates. The
company’s policy is to manage interest costs using a mix of fixed- and floating-rate debt that the company believes is appropriate. To manage this mix in a cost-efficient manner, the company periodically enters into interest rate swaps in which
the company agrees to exchange, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and floating interest amounts calculated by reference to an agreed-upon notional amount.    The company does not hold any instruments for trading purposes and none of the company’s outstanding derivative instruments contain credit-risk-related contingent features.  
 Cash Flow Hedges    The company may use
options, including collars and purchased options, forwards and cross-currency swaps to hedge the foreign exchange risk to earnings relating to forecasted transactions and recognized assets and liabilities. The company periodically uses
forward-starting interest rate swaps and treasury rate locks to hedge the risk to earnings associated with movements in interest rates relating to anticipated issuances of debt. Certain other firm commitments and forecasted transactions are also
periodically hedged. Cash flow hedges primarily related to forecasted intercompany sales denominated in foreign currencies, and anticipated issuances of debt.  
      72  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The notional amounts of foreign exchange contracts were $2.1 billion and $1.5 billion as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The company did not have any interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges outstanding at December 31, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, $250 million of interest rate contracts
designated as cash flow hedges were outstanding. The maximum term over which the company has cash flow hedge contracts in place related to forecasted transactions at December 31, 2013 is 24 months.  
 Fair Value Hedges    The company uses
interest rate swaps to convert a portion of its fixed-rate debt into variable-rate debt. These instruments hedge the company’s earnings from changes in the fair value of debt due to fluctuations in the designated benchmark interest rate.
   The total notional amount of interest rate contracts designated as fair value hedges was $1.2 billion and $500 million as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    Dedesignations    In 2013, the company had $1 billion of interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges that matured or were terminated, resulting in a net gain of $5 million that was deferred in AOCI. The
company determined that certain forecasted transactions associated with these contracts were no longer probable of occurring and therefore dedesignated the hedge relationship, which, together with ineffectiveness, resulted in the immediate
reclassification of a net gain of $11 million from AOCI to net interest expense. The remaining deferred net loss of $6 million from the matured or terminated interest rate contracts is being amortized as an increase to net interest expense over
the remaining terms of the underlying debt.   The company terminated $175 million of interest rate contracts in 2012, which had been designated
as fair value hedges. The termination resulted in a net gain of $21 million in 2012 that was deferred and is being amortized as a reduction of net interest expense over the remaining terms of the underlying debt.  
 There were no hedge dedesignations in 2012 resulting from changes in the company’s assessment of the probability that the hedged forecasted
transactions would occur.    Undesignated Derivative Instruments    The company uses forward contracts to hedge earnings from the effects of foreign exchange relating to certain of the company’s intercompany and third-party receivables and payables denominated in a
foreign currency. These derivative instruments are generally not formally designated as hedges and the terms of these instruments generally do not exceed one month.    The total notional amount of undesignated derivative instruments was $381 million as of December 31, 2013 and $3.2 billion as of December 31, 2012. In the fourth quarter of 2012 and the first
quarter of 2013, the company entered into option contracts with a total notional amount of $3.7 billion to hedge anticipated foreign currency cash outflows associated with the planned acquisition of Gambro. These contracts matured in June 2013, and
in the second quarter of 2013, the company entered into undesignated forward contracts with a total notional amount of $1.5 billion also to hedge anticipated foreign currency cash outflows associated with the planned acquisition of Gambro, which
matured in 2013.    The company recorded losses of $23 million in 2013 associated with the Gambro-related option and forward contracts.
 
      73  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments    The following tables summarize the gains and losses on the company’s derivative instruments for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gain (loss) recognized in OCI 
   
   
 Location of gain (loss) in income statement 
   
    
 Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into income 
   
 
 (in millions) 
    
     2013 
   
    
     2012 
   
   
    
     2013 
   
   
     2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Cash flow hedges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 $ 
 26 
    
    
 $ 
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 Net interest expense 
    
    
 $ 
  10 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 Net sales 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (3 
 )  
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
   
 36 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 Cost of sales 
    
    
   
 32 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 63 
    
    
 $ 
 (13 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
  41 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   Location of gain (loss) in 
 income statement 
   
    
 Gain (loss) recognized in income 
   
 
 (in millions) 
    
    
     2013 
   
   
     2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Fair value hedges 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
   
 Net interest expense 
    
    
 $ 
 (46 
 )  
   
 $ 
 11 
    
 
     
   
 
   Undesignated derivative instruments 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
   
 Other (income) expense, net 
    
    
 $ 
 11 
    
   
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
 
     
   
   For the company’s fair value hedges, equal and offsetting gain of $46 million and loss of $11 million was recognized
in net interest expense in 2013 and 2012, respectively, as adjustments to the underlying hedged items, fixed-rate debt. Ineffectiveness related to the company’s cash flow and fair value hedges for the year ended December 31, 2013 was not
material.    The following table summarizes net-of-tax activity in AOCI, a component of shareholders’ equity, related to the company’s
cash flow hedges.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2 
    
   
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
 
   Gain (loss) in fair value of derivatives during the year 
    
   
 41 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (31 
 )  
 
   Amount reclassified to earnings during the year 
    
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 36 
    
 
     
   
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 10 
    
   
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2 
    
 
     
   
   As of December 31, 2013, $3 million of deferred, net after-tax gains on derivative instruments included in AOCI are
expected to be recognized in earnings during the next 12 months, coinciding with when the hedged items are expected to impact earnings.  
      74  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Fair Values of Derivative Instruments    The following table summarizes the classification and fair value amounts of derivative instruments reported in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2013.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 
 Derivatives in asset positions 
   
    
   Derivatives in liability positions 
   
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Balance sheet location 
    
 Fair value 
   
    
 Balance sheet location 
    
 Fair value 
   


 
     
   
 
   Derivative instruments designated as hedges 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
       Interest rate
contracts 
    
 Other long-term assets 
    
 $ 
 35 
    
    
 Other long-term liabilities 
    
 $ 
 14 
    
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
 Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 37 
    
    
   Accounts payable   and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 7 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total derivative instruments designated as hedges 
    
 $ 
 72 
    
    
 
    
 $ 
 21 
    
 
     
   
 
   Undesignated derivative instruments 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
 Prepaid expenses and other 
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
   Accounts payable   and accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 1 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total derivative instruments 
    
 $ 
   72 
    
    
 
    
 $ 
 22 
    
 
     
   
   The following table summarizes the classification and fair value amounts of derivative instruments reported in the
consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
 
 Derivatives in asset positions 
   
    
 
 Derivatives in liability positions 
   
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Balance sheet location 
    
 Fair value 
   
    
 Balance sheet location 
    
 Fair value 
   


 
     
   
 
   Derivative instruments designated as hedges 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 Other long-term assets 
    
 $ 
 67 
    
    
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 21 
    
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
 Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 28 
    
    
   Accounts payable   and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 5 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total derivative instruments designated as hedges 
    
 $ 
 95 
    
    
 
    
 $ 
 26 
    
 
     
   
 
   Undesignated derivative instruments 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
 Prepaid expenses and other 
    
 $ 
 47 
    
    
   Accounts payable   and accrued liabilities 
    
 $ 
 11 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total derivative instruments 
    
 $ 
 142 
    
    
 
    
 $ 
 37 
    
 
     
   
   While the company’s derivatives are all subject to master netting arrangements, the company presents its assets and
liabilities related to derivative instruments on a gross basis within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, the company is not required to post collateral for any of its outstanding derivatives. The following table provides
information on the company’s derivative positions as if they were presented on a net basis, allowing for the right of offset by counterparty:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 2013 
   
   
 December 31, 2012 
   
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Asset 
   
   
 Liability 
   
   
 Asset 
   
   
 Liability 
   


 
     
   
 
   Gross amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet 
    
 $ 
 72 
    
   
 $ 
 22 
    
   
 $ 
 142 
    
   
 $ 
 37 
    
 
   Gross amount subject to offset in master netting arrangements not offset in the consolidated balance sheet 
    
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 (37 
 )  
   
   
 (37 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 55 
    
   
 $ 
 5 
    
   
 $ 
 105 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
      75  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTE 9  
  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RELATED FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS  
         Receivable Securitizations    For trade receivables originated in Japan, the company has
entered into agreements with financial institutions in which the entire interest in and ownership of the receivable is sold. The company continues to service the receivables in its Japanese securitization arrangement. Servicing assets or liabilities
are not recognized because the company receives adequate compensation to service the sold receivables. The Japanese securitization arrangement includes limited recourse provisions, which are not material.  
 The following is a summary of the activity relating to the securitization arrangement.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Sold receivables at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 157 
    
   
 $ 
 160 
    
   
 $ 
 157 
    
 
   Proceeds from sales of receivables 
    
   
 506 
    
   
   
 630 
    
   
   
 615 
    
 
   Cash collections (remitted to the owners of the receivables) 
    
   
 (519 
 )  
   
   
 (624 
 )  
   
   
 (622 
 )  
 
   Effect of currency exchange rate changes 
    
   
 (30 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 10 
    
 
     
   
 
   Sold receivables at end of year 
    
 $ 
 114 
    
   
 $ 
 157 
    
   
 $ 
 160 
    
 
     
   
   The net losses relating to the sales of receivables were immaterial for each year.  
 Concentrations of Credit Risk    The
company invests excess cash in certificates of deposit or money market funds and diversifies the concentration of cash among different financial institutions. With respect to financial instruments, where appropriate, the company has diversified its
selection of counterparties, and has arranged collateralization and master-netting agreements to minimize the risk of loss.    The company
continues to do business with foreign governments in certain countries, including Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy, that have experienced a deterioration in credit and economic conditions. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the company’s
net accounts receivable from the public sector in Greece, Spain, Portugal and Italy totaled $561 million and $385 million, respectively, (of which $29 million and $66 million, respectively, related to Greece). The company’s net accounts
receivable from the public sector for the countries identified above increased by $176 million during 2013 primarily as a result of the acquisition of Gambro. Refer to the discussion below for information regarding the Greek government bonds
previously held by the company.    Global economic conditions and liquidity issues in certain countries have resulted, and may continue to
result, in delays in the collection of receivables and credit losses. Global economic conditions, governmental actions and customer-specific factors may require the company to re-evaluate the collectibility of its receivables and the company could
potentially incur additional credit losses. These conditions may also impact the stability of the Euro.    Fair Value Measurements
   The fair value hierarchy under the accounting standard for fair value measurements consists of the following three levels:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets that the company has the ability to access for identical assets or liabilities;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 2 — Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not
active, and model-based valuations in which all significant inputs are observable in the market; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 3 — Valuations using significant inputs that are unobservable in the market and include the use of judgment by the company’s
management about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.  
      76  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following tables summarize the bases used to measure financial assets and liabilities that are carried
at fair value on a recurring basis in the consolidated balance sheets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
   Basis of fair value
measurement 
 
 (in millions) 
    
   Balance at   December 31, 2013 
    
   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 
 (Level 1) 
    
   Significant other observable inputs 
 (Level 2) 
    
   Significant unobservable inputs 
 (Level 3) 


 
     
 
   Assets 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Foreign currency hedges 
    
 $  37 
    
 $  — 
    
 $  37 
    
 $  — 
 
   Interest rate hedges 
    
 35 
    
 — 
    
 35 
    
 — 
 
   Available-for-sale securities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Equity securities 
    
 102 
    
 102 
    
 — 
    
 — 
 
   Foreign government debt securities 
    
 18 
    
 — 
    
 18 
    
 — 
 
     
 
   Total assets 
    
 $192 
    
 $102 
    
 $  90 
    
 $  — 
 
     
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Foreign currency hedges 
    
 $    8 
    
 $  — 
    
 $8 
    
 $  — 
 
   Interest rate hedges 
    
 14 
    
 — 
    
 14 
    
 — 
 
   Contingent payments related to acquisitions and investments 
    
 340 
    
 — 
    
 — 
    
 340 
 
     
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $362 
    
 $  — 
    
 $  22 
    
 $340 
 
     
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   
    
   Basis of fair value
measurement 
 
 (in millions) 
    
   Balance at   December 31, 2012 
    
   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 
 (Level 1) 
    
   Significant other observable inputs 
 (Level 2) 
    
   Significant unobservable inputs 
 (Level 3) 


 
     
 
   Assets 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Foreign currency hedges 
    
 $  75 
    
 $  — 
    
 $  75 
    
 $  — 
 
   Interest rate hedges 
    
 67 
    
 — 
    
 67 
    
 — 
 
   Available-for-sale securities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Equity securities 
    
 15 
    
 15 
    
 — 
    
 — 
 
   Preferred Stock 
    
 51 
    
 — 
    
 — 
    
 51 
 
   Foreign government debt securities 
    
 16 
    
 — 
    
 16 
    
 — 
 
     
 
   Total assets 
    
 $224 
    
 $  15 
    
 $158 
    
 $  51 
 
     
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Foreign currency hedges 
    
 $  16 
    
 $  — 
    
 $  16 
    
 $  — 
 
   Interest rate hedges 
    
 21 
    
 — 
    
 21 
    
 — 
 
   Contingent payments related to acquisitions and investments 
    
 86 
    
 — 
    
 — 
    
 86 
 
     
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $123 
    
 $  — 
    
 $  37 
    
 $  86 
 
     
   As of December 31, 2013, cash and equivalents of $2.7 billion included money market funds of approximately $568
million, which would be considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.    For assets that are measured using quoted prices in active markets,
the fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units held, without consideration of transaction costs. The majority of the derivatives entered into by the company are valued using internal valuation techniques as
no quoted market prices exist for such instruments. The principal techniques used to value these instruments are discounted cash flow and Black-Scholes models. The key inputs are considered observable and vary depending on the type of derivative,
and include contractual terms, interest rate yield curves, foreign exchange rates and volatility. The fair  
      77  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
values of foreign government debt securities are obtained from pricing services or broker/dealers who use proprietary pricing applications, which include observable market information for like or
same securities. The preferred stock is valued based upon recent transactions, as well as the financial information of the investee.  
 Contingent payments related to acquisitions consist of regulatory, development and commercial milestone payments, in addition to sales-based payments,
and are valued using discounted cash flow techniques. The fair value of regulatory, development and commercial milestone payments reflects management’s expectations of probability of payment, and increases as the probability of payment
increases or expectation of timing of payments is accelerated. As of December 31, 2013, management’s expected weighted-average probability of payment for regulatory, development and commercial milestone payments expected to occur was
approximately 64%. The fair value of sales-based payments is based upon probability-weighted future revenue estimates, and increases as revenue estimates increase, probability weighting of higher revenue scenarios increase or expectation of timing
of payment is accelerated.    At December 31, 2013, the company held available-for-sale equity securities that had an amortized cost basis
and fair value of $111 million and $102 million, respectively. The company had net unrealized losses of $9 million, comprised of unrealized losses of $31 million, which are temporary in nature, and unrealized gains of $22 million. At
December 31, 2012, the amortized cost basis and fair value of the available-for-sale equity securities was $13 million and $15 million, respectively, with $2 million in cumulative unrealized gains. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, the
cumulative unrealized gains for the company’s available-for-sale debt securities were less than $1 million.    In July 2012, Baxter
acquired approximately 3 million shares of Onconova preferred stock for $50 million, which the company classified as available-for-sale debt securities as a result of certain mandatory redemption rights held by Baxter. In 2013, Baxter
reclassified the securities to available-for-sale equity securities as a result of the conversion of the preferred stock to common stock upon the completion of Onconova’s initial public offering.  
 The company recognized losses totaling $8 million in 2012 related to unrealized and realized losses associated with the company’s Greek government
and European Financial Stability Facility bonds, which Baxter sold for $14 million in the second quarter of 2012.    In February 2012, as a
result of the company’s acquisition of Synovis, the company acquired marketable securities, which included municipal securities, corporate bonds, and U.S. government agency issues, which had been classified as available-for-sale, with primarily
all of these securities maturing within one year. The company received proceeds of $45 million from the sale and maturity of all of these securities in 2012.    Refer to Note 12 for fair value disclosures related to the company’s pension plans.    The
following table is a reconciliation of the fair value measurements that use significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), which consist of contingent payments related to acquisitions and preferred stock.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Contingent payments 
   
   
 Preferred stock 
   


 
     
   
 
   Fair value as of December 31, 2011 
    
 $ 
  234 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Purchases 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 50 
    
 
   Payments 
    
   
 (40 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Gains recognized in earnings 
    
   
 (108 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   CTA 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
     
   
 
   Fair value as of December 31, 2012 
    
   
 86 
    
   
   
 51 
    
 
   Purchases 
    
   
 269 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Payments 
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Net gains recognized in earnings 
    
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   CTA 
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Conversion to a publicly traded equity security 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (51 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Fair value as of December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 340 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
      78  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The company’s additions in 2013 principally related to contingent payment liabilities of $269 million
associated with the acquisition of the Inspiration / Ipsen  OBI-1  business in the first quarter of 2013.  
 The company’s payments in 2012 principally related to milestones associated with the SIGMA agreement. The gains recognized in earnings in 2012
included $38 million related to the reduction of the contingent payment liabilities for certain milestones associated with ApaTech. In addition, 2012 includes a $53 million gain recognized in earnings related to a reduction of the contingent payment
liabilities for certain milestones associated with the 2011 acquisition of Prism. These gains were reported in other (income) expense, net. The contingent liabilities were reduced based on updated information indicating that the probability of
achieving certain milestones was lower than previously expected.    As discussed further in Note 6, the company recorded asset impairment
charges related to its COLLEAGUE and SYNDEO infusion pumps and business optimization initiatives in 2013, 2012, and 2011. As these assets had no alternative use and no salvage value, the fair values, measured using significant unobservable inputs
(Level 3), were assessed to be zero.    Book Values and Fair Values of Financial Instruments  
 In addition to the financial instruments that the company is required to recognize at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets, the company has
certain financial instruments that are recognized at historical cost or some basis other than fair value. For these financial instruments, the following table provides the values recognized on the consolidated balance sheets and the approximate fair
values.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Book values 
   
    
 Approximate fair values 
   
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-term insurance receivables 
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 53 
    
    
   
 46 
    
    
   
 53 
    
    
   
 49 
    
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term debt 
    
   
 181 
    
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 181 
    
    
   
 27 
    
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 859 
    
    
   
 323 
    
    
   
 862 
    
    
   
 324 
    
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 8,126 
    
    
   
 5,580 
    
    
   
 8,298 
    
    
   
 6,201 
    
 
   Long-term litigation liabilities 
    
   
 72 
    
    
   
 32 
    
    
   
 70 
    
    
   
 31 
    
 
     
   
   The following tables summarize the bases used to measure the approximate fair value of the financial instruments as of
December 31, 2013 and 2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Basis of fair value measurement 
   
 
 (in millions) 
    
   Balance as of   December 31, 2013 
   
    
   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 
 (Level 1) 
   
    
   Significant other observable inputs 
 (Level 2) 
   
    
   Significant unobservable inputs 
 (Level 3) 
   


 
     
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-term insurance receivables 
    
 $ 
        2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
        — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 53 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 17 
    
    
   
 36 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
      55 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
      17 
    
    
 $ 
 38 
    
 
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term debt 
    
 $ 
    181 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
   181 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 862 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 862 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 8,298 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 8,298 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Long-term litigation liabilities 
    
   
 70 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 70 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 9,411 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 9,341 
    
    
 $ 
 70 
    
 
     
   
 
      79  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Basis of fair value measurement 
   
 
 (in millions) 
    
   Balance as of   December 31, 2012 
   
    
   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 
 (Level 1) 
   
    
   Significant other observable inputs 
 (Level 2) 
   
    
   Significant unobservable inputs 
 (Level 3) 
   


 
     
   
 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Long-term insurance receivables 
    
 $ 
        2 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
        — 
    
    
 $ 
 2 
    
 
   Investments 
    
   
 49 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 19 
    
    
   
 30 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
      51 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
      19 
    
    
 $ 
 32 
    
 
     
   
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Short-term debt 
    
 $ 
      27 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
      27 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Current maturities of long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 324 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 324 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Long-term debt and lease obligations 
    
   
 6,201 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 6,201 
    
    
   
 — 
    
 
   Long-term litigation liabilities 
    
   
 31 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 31 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
 $ 
 6,583 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
    
 $ 
 6,552 
    
    
 $ 
 31 
    
 
     
   
   The estimated fair values of long-term insurance receivables and long-term litigation liabilities were computed by
discounting the expected cash flows based on currently available information, which in many cases does not include final orders or settlement agreements. The discount factors used in the calculations reflect the non-performance risk of the insurance
providers and the company, respectively.    Investments in 2013 and 2012 include certain cost method investments and held-to-maturity debt
securities.    The fair value of held-to-maturity debt securities is calculated using a discounted cash flow model that incorporates observable
inputs, including interest rate yields, which represents a Level 2 basis of fair value measurement. In determining the fair value of cost method investments, the company takes into consideration recent transactions, as well as the financial
information of the investee, which represents a Level 3 basis of fair value measurement.    The estimated fair values of current and long-term
debt were computed by multiplying price by the notional amount of the respective debt instrument. Price is calculated using the stated terms of the respective debt instrument and yield curves commensurate with the company’s credit risk. The
carrying values of the other financial instruments approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturities of most of these assets and liabilities.  
  NOTE 10  
  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES      
     Joint Development and Commercialization
Arrangements    As discussed in Note 1, the company has entered into certain collaborative arrangements which include contingent milestone
payments. At December 31, 2013, the company’s unfunded contingent milestone payments associated with all of its arrangements totaled $2.0 billion. This total excludes any contingent royalties. Based on the company’s projections, any
contingent payments made in the future will be more than offset over time by the estimated net future cash flows relating to the rights acquired for those payments. The majority of the contingent payments relate to arrangements in the BioScience
segment and principally relate to the business development arrangements described in Note 4.    Other Commitments  
 In connection with the company’s initiative to invest in early-stage products and therapies, the company has unfunded commitments of $50 million as a
limited partner in multiple investment companies as of December 31, 2013.  
      80  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Indemnifications    During the normal course of business, Baxter makes indemnities, commitments and guarantees pursuant to which the company may be required to make payments related to specific transactions. Indemnifications
include: (i) intellectual property indemnities to customers in connection with the use, sales or license of products and services; (ii) indemnities to customers in connection with losses incurred while performing services on their
premises; (iii) indemnities to vendors and service providers pertaining to claims based on negligence or willful misconduct; and (iv) indemnities involving the representations and warranties in certain contracts. In addition, under
Baxter’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and consistent with Delaware General Corporation Law, the company has agreed to indemnify its directors and officers for certain losses and expenses upon the occurrence of certain
prescribed events. The majority of these indemnities, commitments and guarantees do not provide for any limitation on the maximum potential for future payments that the company could be obligated to make. To help address some of these risks, the
company maintains various insurance coverages. Based on historical experience and evaluation of the agreements, the company does not believe that any significant payments related to its indemnities will occur, and therefore the company has not
recorded any associated liabilities.    Legal Contingencies    Refer to Note 15 for a discussion of the company’s legal contingencies.  
  NOTE 11  
  SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY      
     Stock-Based Compensation  
 The company’s stock-based compensation generally includes stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), performance share units (PSUs) and purchases
under the company’s employee stock purchase plan. Shares issued relating to the company’s stock-based plans are generally issued out of treasury stock.    In 2011, shareholders approved the Baxter International Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan which provides for 40 million additional shares of common stock available for issuance with respect to awards for
participants. As of December 31, 2013, approximately 40 million authorized shares are available for future awards under the company’s stock-based compensation plans.    Stock Compensation Expense    Stock compensation expense recognized in the consolidated
statements of income was $150 million, $130 million and $119 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. The related tax benefit recognized was $45 million in 2013, $40 million in 2012 and $36 million in 2011.  
 Stock compensation expense is recorded at the corporate level and is not allocated to a segment. Over 70% of stock compensation expense is classified in
marketing and administrative expenses, with the remainder classified in cost of sales and R&D expenses. Costs capitalized in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2013 and 2012 were not significant.  
 Stock compensation expense is based on awards expected to vest, and therefore has been reduced by estimated forfeitures.  
 Stock Options    Stock options are granted
to employees and non-employee directors with exercise prices at least equal to 100% of the market value on the date of grant. Stock options granted to employees generally vest in one-third increments over a three-year period. Stock options granted
to non-employee directors generally cliff-vest 100%  
      81  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
one year from the grant date. Stock options typically have a contractual term of 10 years. The grant-date fair value, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, is recognized as expense on a
straight-line basis over the substantive vesting period.    The fair value of stock options is determined using the Black-Scholes model. The
weighted-average assumptions used in estimating the fair value of stock options granted during each year, along with the weighted-average grant-date fair values, were as follows.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 25% 
    
    
   
 25% 
    
    
   
 25% 
    
 
   Expected life (in years) 
    
   
 5.5 
    
    
   
 5.5 
    
    
   
 5.0 
    
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.9% 
    
    
   
 1.0% 
    
    
   
 2.2% 
    
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 2.6% 
    
    
   
 2.3% 
    
    
   
 2.3% 
    
 
   Fair value per stock option 
    
   
 $12 
    
    
   
 $10 
    
    
   
 $10 
    
 
     
   
   Effective with the March 2012 annual stock compensation grants, the company’s expected volatility assumption is
based on a weighted-average of the historical volatility of Baxter’s stock and the implied volatility from traded options on Baxter’s stock, with historical volatility more heavily weighted. Prior to the March 2012 grants, the expected
volatility assumption was based on an equal weighting of the historical and implied volatilities. The expected life assumption is primarily based on the vesting terms of the stock option, historical employee exercise patterns and employee
post-vesting termination behavior. The risk-free interest rate for the expected life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The dividend yield reflects historical experience as well as future
expectations over the expected life of the option.    The following table summarizes stock option activity for the year ended December 31,
2013 and stock option information at December 31, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (options and aggregate intrinsic values in thousands) 
    
 Options 
   
   
   Weighted-   average   exercise 
 price 
   
    
   Weighted-average 
 remaining 
 contractual   term (in
years) 
   
    
   Aggregate   intrinsic   value 
   


 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at January 1, 2013 
    
   
 32,055 
    
   
 $ 
 52.62 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Granted 
    
   
 6,354 
    
   
   
 70.23 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Exercised 
    
   
 (8,517 
 )  
   
   
 50.15 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (679 
 )  
   
   
 62.26 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Expired 
    
   
 (84 
 )  
   
   
 40.26 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
     
   
 
   Outstanding at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 29,129 
    
   
 $ 
 57.00 
    
    
   
 6.2 
    
    
 $ 
 361,468 
    
 
     
   
 
   Vested or expected to vest as of December 31, 2013 
    
   
 28,642 
    
   
 $ 
 56.82 
    
    
   
 6.1 
    
    
 $ 
 360,329 
    
 
     
   
 
   Exercisable at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 17,732 
    
   
 $ 
 52.64 
    
    
   
 4.7 
    
    
 $ 
 293,590 
    
 
     
   
   The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the difference between the exercise price and the
company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of the year. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $176 million, $129 million and $102 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  
 As of December 31, 2013, $58 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options is expected to be recognized as expense over a
weighted-average period of approximately 1.6 years.    RSUs    RSUs are granted to employees and non-employee directors. RSUs granted to employees generally vest in one-third increments over a three-year period. RSUs granted to non-employee directors generally
cliff-vest one year from the grant date. The grant-date fair value, adjusted for estimated forfeitures, is recognized as expense on a  
      82  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
straight-line basis over the substantive vesting period. The fair value of RSUs is determined based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of the company’s common stock on the
date of grant.    The following table summarizes nonvested RSU activity for the year ended December 31, 2013.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (share units in thousands) 
    
 Share units 
   
   
 Weighted-average grant-date fair value 


 
     
 
   Nonvested RSUs at January 1, 2013 
    
   
 1,979 
    
   
 $55.36 
 
   Granted 
    
   
 1,043 
    
   
 70.09 
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (647 
 )  
   
 54.96 
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (157 
 )  
   
 60.55 
 
     
 
   Nonvested RSUs at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 2,218 
    
   
 $62.06 
 
     
   As of December 31, 2013, $68 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to RSUs is expected to be recognized
as expense over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.7 years. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs in 2013, 2012 and 2011 was $70.09, $57.03 and $53.87, respectively. The fair value of RSUs vested in 2013, 2012 and 2011 was
$47 million, $21 million and $7 million, respectively.    PSUs    As part of an overall periodic evaluation of the company’s stock compensation programs, the company changed the vesting condition for 50% of the PSUs granted to senior management beginning with its
2013 annual equity awards. The vesting condition for the new PSUs is based on return on invested capital, with annual performance targets set at the beginning of the year for each tranche of the award during the three-year service period. The holder
of the new PSUs is entitled to receive a number of shares of common stock equal to a percentage, ranging from 0% to 200%, of the PSUs granted, depending on the actual results compared to the annual performance targets.  
 Compensation cost for the new PSUs is measured based on the fair value of the awards on the date that the specific vesting terms for each tranche of the
award are established. The fair value of the awards is determined based on the quoted price of the company’s stock on the grant date for each tranche of the award. The compensation cost for these PSUs is adjusted at each reporting date to
reflect the estimated probability of achieving the vesting condition. The probability of achieving the vesting condition has not materially changed during the year ended December 31, 2013.  
 The remaining 50% of the PSUs continue to include conditions for vesting based on Baxter stock performance relative to the company’s peer group,
similar to previous years, whereby a holder of these PSUs is entitled to receive a number of shares of common stock equal to a percentage, ranging from 0% to 200%, of these PSUs granted. The grant-date fair value, adjusted for estimated forfeitures,
is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the substantive vesting period.    The fair value of the remaining PSUs continues to be
determined using a Monte Carlo model. A Monte Carlo model uses stock price volatility and other variables to estimate the probability of satisfying the market conditions and the resulting fair value of the award. The assumptions used in estimating
the fair value of these PSUs granted during the period, along with the grant-date fair values, were as follows.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Baxter volatility 
    
   
 21% 
    
    
   
 24% 
    
    
   
 28% 
    
 
   Peer group volatility 
    
   
 13%-38% 
    
    
   
 14%-50% 
    
    
   
 19%-55% 
    
 
   Correlation of returns 
    
   
 0.37-0.62 
    
    
   
 0.26-0.54 
    
    
   
 0.29-0.61 
    
 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 0.3% 
    
    
   
 0.4% 
    
    
   
 1.2% 
    
 
   Fair value per PSU 
    
   
 $67 
    
    
   
 $72 
    
    
   
 $62 
    
 
     
   
 
      83  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Unrecognized compensation cost related to all granted unvested PSUs of $15 million at December 31, 2013
is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted-average period of 1.6 years.    The following table summarizes nonvested PSU activity
for the year ended December 31, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (share units in thousands) 
    
 Share units 
   
   
   Weighted-average grant-date 
 fair value 


 
     
 
   Nonvested PSUs at January 1, 2013 
    
   
 804 
    
   
 $66.63 
 
   Granted 
    
   
 251 
    
   
 68.04 
 
   Vested 
    
   
 (387 
 )  
   
 61.62 
 
   Forfeited 
    
   
 (23 
 )  
   
 61.20 
 
     
 
   Nonvested PSUs at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 645 
    
   
 $70.18 
 
     
   Employee Stock Purchase Plan    Nearly all employees are eligible to participate in the company’s employee stock purchase plan. The employee purchase price is 85% of the closing market price on the purchase date.  
 In 2011, shareholders approved the Baxter International Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan which reflected the merger of the previous plans for U.S. and
international employees. This employee stock purchase plan provides for 10 million shares of common stock available for issuance to eligible participants.    During 2013, 2012 and 2011, the company issued approximately 0.8 million, 0.9 million and 0.9 million shares, respectively, under the prior and current employee stock purchase plans. The
number of shares under subscription at December 31, 2013 totaled approximately 1.0 million.    Realized Excess Income Tax Benefits and
the Impact on the Statement of Cash Flows    Realized excess tax benefits associated with stock compensation are presented in the
consolidated statement of cash flows as an outflow within the operating section and an inflow within the financing section. Realized excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation were $34 million, $24 million and $21 million in 2013, 2012 and
2011, respectively.    Cash Dividends    Total cash dividends declared per common share for 2013, 2012, and 2011 were $1.920, $1.570, and $1.265, respectively. In November 2013, the board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.49 per
share ($1.96 per share on an annualized basis), which was paid on January 3, 2014 to shareholders of record as of December 6, 2013.  
 In May 2013, the board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.49 per share ($1.96 per share on an annualized basis), which represented an
increase of 9% over the previous quarterly rate. In July 2012, the board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.45 per share ($1.80 per share on an annualized basis), which represented an increase of 34% over the previous quarterly rate.
   Stock Repurchase Programs  
 As authorized by the board of directors, the company repurchases its stock depending on the company’s cash flows, net debt level and market
conditions. The company repurchased 13 million shares for $0.9 billion in 2013, 25 million shares for $1.5 billion in 2012, and 30 million shares for $1.6 billion in 2011. In July 2012, the board of directors authorized the repurchase
of up to $2.0 billion of the company’s common stock and $1.0 billion remained available as of December 31, 2013.  
      84  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTE 12  
  RETIREMENT AND OTHER BENEFIT PROGRAMS      
     The company sponsors a number of qualified and
nonqualified pension plans for eligible employees. The company also sponsors certain unfunded contributory healthcare and life insurance benefits for substantially all domestic retired employees. Newly hired employees in the United States and Puerto
Rico are not eligible to participate in the pension plans but receive a higher level of company contributions in the defined contribution plans. In September 2013, Baxter completed its acquisition of Gambro and assumed a net pension liability of
approximately $212 million from Gambro-related pension plans, of which $209 million has been classified as a noncurrent liability. The Gambro pension plans were recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition and were re-measured at year-end as
part of the company’s annual re-measurement of pension plan obligations and plan assets.    On August 31, 2012, Baxter announced an
offer to terminated-vested participants in the U.S. pension plan (approximately 16,000 participants) to pay a lump-sum payment which would fully settle the company’s pension plan obligation to these participants. The company offered the
one-time voluntary lump-sum payment in an effort to reduce its long-term pension obligations and ongoing annual pension expense. The final acceptance rate by participants was approximately 50 percent, which resulted in a final payout of $377 million
from plan assets in December 2012. The company recorded a non-cash settlement charge of $164 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 to immediately expense the unrealized actuarial losses related to the obligations that were settled, which were
previously deferred in AOCI. The settlement charge was recognized in marketing and administrative expenses since the terminated-vested participants subject to the settlement were no longer contributing to the activities of the company.  
      85  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Reconciliation of Pension and Other Postemployment Benefits (OPEB) Plan Obligations, Assets and Funded
Status    The benefit plan information in the table below pertains to all of the company’s pension and OPEB plans, both in the United
States and in other countries.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension benefits 
   
   
 OPEB 
   
 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Benefit obligations 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 5,364 
    
   
 $ 
 4,944 
    
   
 $ 
 650 
    
   
 $ 
 618 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 137 
    
   
   
 110 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 207 
    
   
   
 235 
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
   
 29 
    
 
   Participant contributions 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Actuarial (gain)/loss 
    
   
 (350 
 )  
   
   
 652 
    
   
   
 (99 
 )  
   
   
 18 
    
 
   Benefit payments 
    
   
 (203 
 )  
   
   
 (196 
 )  
   
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (387 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Acquisition 
    
   
 220 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Foreign exchange and other 
    
   
 45 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   End of period 
    
   
 5,425 
    
   
   
 5,364 
    
   
   
 564 
    
   
   
 650 
    
 
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Beginning of period 
    
   
 3,642 
    
   
   
 3,673 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets 
    
   
 464 
    
   
   
 464 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Employer contributions 
    
   
 67 
    
   
   
 78 
    
   
   
 23 
    
   
   
 22 
    
 
   Participant contributions 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Benefit payments 
    
   
 (203 
 )  
   
   
 (196 
 )  
   
   
 (34 
 )  
   
   
 (36 
 )  
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (387 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Acquisition 
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Foreign exchange and other 
    
   
 17 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   End of period 
    
   
 4,000 
    
   
   
 3,642 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   Funded status at December 31 
    
 $ 
 (1,425 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,722 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (564 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (650 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Noncurrent asset 
    
 $ 
 50 
    
   
 $ 
 38 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Current liability 
    
   
 (29 
 )  
   
   
 (19 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   Noncurrent liability 
    
   
 (1,446 
 )  
   
   
 (1,741 
 )  
   
   
 (540 
 )  
   
   
 (625 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Net liability recognized at December 31 
    
 $ 
 (1,425 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (1,722 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (564 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (650 
 )  
 
     
   
   Accumulated Benefit Obligation Information    The pension obligation information in the table above represents the projected benefit obligation (PBO). The PBO incorporates assumptions relating to future compensation levels. The accumulated benefit
obligation (ABO) is the same as the PBO except that it includes no assumptions relating to future compensation levels. The ABO for all of the company’s pension plans was $5.00 billion and $4.95 billion at the 2013 and 2012 measurement dates,
respectively.    The information in the funded status table above represents the totals for all of the company’s pension plans. The
following is information relating to the individual plans in the funded status table above that have an ABO in excess of plan assets.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   ABO 
    
 $ 
 4,780 
    
    
 $ 
 4,816 
    
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 3,710 
    
    
   
 3,452 
    
 
     
   
 
      86  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following is information relating to the individual plans in the funded status table above that have a
PBO in excess of plan assets (many of which also have an ABO in excess of assets, and are therefore also included in the table directly above).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   PBO 
    
 $ 
 5,260 
    
    
 $ 
 5,211 
    
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
   
 3,785 
    
    
   
 3,452 
    
 
     
   
   Expected Net Pension and OPEB Plan Payments for the Next 10 Years  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Pension benefits 
   
    
 OPEB 
   


 
     
   
 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 219 
    
    
 $ 
 24 
    
 
   2015 
    
   
 231 
    
    
   
 27 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 243 
    
    
   
 28 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 261 
    
    
   
 30 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 275 
    
    
   
 32 
    
 
   2019 through 2023 
    
   
 1,608 
    
    
   
 172 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total expected net benefit payments for next 10 years 
    
 $ 
 2,837 
    
    
 $ 
 313 
    
 
     
   
   The expected net benefit payments above reflect the company’s share of the total net benefits expected to be paid
from the plans’ assets (for funded plans) or from the company’s assets (for unfunded plans). The total expected OPEB benefit payments for the next ten years are net of approximately $49 million of expected federal subsidies relating to the
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act, including $3 million, $4 million, $4 million, $4 million and $5 million in each of the years 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively.  
 Amounts Recognized in AOCI    The pension
and OPEB plans’ gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, and transition assets or obligations not yet recognized in net periodic benefit cost are recognized on a net-of-tax basis in AOCI and will be amortized from AOCI to net periodic
benefit cost in the future.    The following is a summary of the pre-tax losses included in AOCI at December 31, 2013 and December 31,
2012.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Pension benefits 
   
    
 OPEB 
   


 
     
   
 
   Actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 1,455 
    
    
 $ 
 55 
    
 
   Prior service cost (credit) and transition obligation 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total pre-tax loss recognized in AOCI at December 31, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,455 
    
    
 $ 
 54 
    
 
     
   
 
   Actuarial loss 
    
 $ 
 2,247 
    
    
 $ 
 163 
    
 
   Prior service cost (credit) and transition obligation 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total pre-tax loss recognized in AOCI at December 31, 2012 
    
 $ 
 2,248 
    
    
 $ 
 162 
    
 
     
   
 
      87  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Refer to Note 13 for the net-of-tax balances included in AOCI as of each of the year-end dates. The
following is a summary of the net-of-tax amounts recorded in OCI relating to pension and OPEB plans.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Gain (charge) arising during the year, net of tax expense (benefit) of $221 in 2013, ($143) in 2012 and ($214) in
2011 
    
 $ 
 426 
    
    
 $ 
 (353 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (375 
 )  
 
   Settlement charge, net of tax expense of $65 in 2012 
    
   
 — 
    
    
   
 103 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Amortization of loss to earnings, net of tax expense of $88 in 2013, $77 in 2012 and $63 in 2011 
    
   
 166 
    
    
   
 139 
    
   
   
 112 
    
 
     
   
 
   Pension and other employee benefits gain (charge) 
    
 $ 
 592 
    
    
 $ 
 (111 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (263 
 )  
 
     
   
   Due to the settlement of certain of the company’s pension obligations in 2012, $168 million ($103 million on an
after-tax basis) of prior unrecognized actuarial losses have been recognized from AOCI into the company’s earnings. The impact of the settlement on AOCI was more than offset by the prior year actuarial losses. In 2013, the OCI activity for
pension and OPEB plans related almost entirely to actuarial losses. Activity relating to prior service costs and credits and transition obligations was insignificant.    Amounts Expected to be Amortized From AOCI to Net Periodic Benefit Cost in 2014    With
respect to the AOCI balance at December 31, 2013, the following is a summary of the pre-tax amounts expected to be amortized to net periodic benefit cost in 2014.      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
   
 Pension benefits 
   
   
 OPEB 
   


 
     
   
 
   Actuarial loss 
   
 $ 
 144 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
   Prior service cost (credit) and transition obligation 
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total pre-tax amount expected to be amortized from AOCI to net pension and OPEB cost in 2014 
   
 $ 
 144 
    
   
 $ 
 — 
    
 
     
   
   Net Periodic Benefit Cost      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Pension benefits 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 137 
    
   
 $ 
 110 
    
   
 $ 
 112 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 207 
    
   
   
 235 
    
   
   
 237 
    
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 (254 
 )  
   
   
 (288 
 )  
   
   
 (303 
 )  
 
   Amortization of net losses and other deferred amounts 
    
   
 245 
    
   
   
 209 
    
   
   
 177 
    
 
   Settlement losses 
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 168 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   Net periodic pension benefit cost 
    
 $ 
 336 
    
   
 $ 
 434 
    
   
 $ 
 223 
    
 
     
   
 
   OPEB 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 10 
    
   
 $ 
 7 
    
   
 $ 
 6 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 26 
    
   
   
 29 
    
   
   
 28 
    
 
   Amortization of net loss and prior service credit 
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Net periodic OPEB cost 
    
 $ 
 45 
    
   
 $ 
 43 
    
   
 $ 
 32 
    
 
     
   
 
      88  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Weighted-Average Assumptions Used in Determining Benefit Obligations at the Measurement Date
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension benefits 
   
    
 OPEB 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Discount rate 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Puerto Rico plans 
    
   
 4.85% 
    
    
   
 3.95% 
    
    
   
 4.90% 
    
    
   
 4.00% 
    
 
   International plans 
    
   
 3.41% 
    
    
   
 3.19% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Puerto Rico plans 
    
   
 3.80% 
    
    
   
 4.50% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
 
   International plans 
    
   
 3.29% 
    
    
   
 3.51% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
 
   Annual rate of increase in the per-capita cost 
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 6.25% 
    
    
   
 6.50% 
    
 
   Rate decreased to 
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 5.00% 
    
    
   
 5.00% 
    
 
   by the year ended 
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 2019 
    
    
   
 2019 
    
 
     
   
   The assumptions above, which were used in calculating the December 31, 2013 measurement date benefit obligations,
will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2014.    Weighted-Average Assumptions Used in Determining Net Periodic
Benefit Cost      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension benefits 
   
    
 OPEB 
   
 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Discount rate 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Puerto Rico plans 
    
   
 3.95% 
    
    
   
 4.80% 
    
    
   
 5.45% 
    
    
   
 4.00% 
    
    
   
 4.75% 
    
    
   
 5.40% 
    
 
   International plans 
    
   
 3.19% 
    
    
   
 4.48% 
    
    
   
 4.57% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Puerto Rico plans 
    
   
 7.50% 
    
    
   
 7.75% 
    
    
   
 8.25% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
 
   International plans 
    
   
 6.33% 
    
    
   
 6.85% 
    
    
   
 7.29% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
 
   Rate of compensation increase 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. and Puerto Rico plans 
    
   
 4.50% 
    
    
   
 4.50% 
    
    
   
 4.50% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
 
   International plans 
    
   
 3.51% 
    
    
   
 3.54% 
    
    
   
 3.57% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
 
   Annual rate of increase in the per-capita cost 
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 6.50% 
    
    
   
 7.00% 
    
    
   
 7.50% 
    
 
   Rate decreased to 
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 5.00% 
    
    
   
 5.00% 
    
    
   
 5.00% 
    
 
   by the year ended 
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 2019 
    
    
   
 2016 
    
    
   
 2016 
    
 
     
   
   The company establishes the expected return on plan assets assumption primarily based on a review of historical compound
average asset returns, both company-specific and relating to the broad market (based on the company’s asset allocation), as well as an analysis of current market and economic information and future expectations. The company plans to use a 7.50%
assumption for its U.S. and Puerto Rico plans for 2014.    Effect of a One-Percent Change in Assumed Healthcare Cost Trend Rate on the
OPEB Plan      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 One percent increase 
   
    
 One percent decrease 
   
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Effect on total of service and interest cost components of OPEB cost 
    
 $ 
 6 
    
    
 $ 
 5 
    
    
 $ 
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4 
 )  
 
   Effect on OPEB obligation 
    
 $ 
 74 
    
    
 $ 
 92 
    
    
 $ 
 (61 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (74 
 )  
 
     
   
   Pension Plan Assets    An investment committee of members of senior management is responsible for supervising, monitoring and evaluating the invested assets of the company’s funded pension plans. The investment committee,
which meets at least quarterly, abides by documented policies and procedures relating to investment goals, targeted asset  
      89  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
allocations, risk management practices, allowable and prohibited investment holdings, diversification, use of derivatives, the relationship between plan assets and benefit obligations, and other
relevant factors and considerations.    The investment committee’s documented policies and procedures include the following:  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Ability to pay all benefits when due;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Targeted long-term performance expectations relative to applicable market indices, such as Standard & Poor’s, Russell, MSCI EAFE, and
other indices;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Targeted asset allocation percentage ranges (summarized below), and periodic reviews of these allocations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Diversification of assets among third-party investment managers, and by geography, industry, stage of business cycle and other measures;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Specified investment holding and transaction prohibitions (for example, private placements or other restricted securities, securities that are not
traded in a sufficiently active market, short sales, certain derivatives, commodities and margin transactions);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Specified portfolio percentage limits on holdings in a single corporate or other entity (generally 5%, except for holdings in U.S. government or agency
securities);      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Specified average credit quality for the fixed-income securities portfolio (at least A- by Standard & Poor’s or A3 by Moody’s);
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Specified portfolio percentage limits on foreign holdings; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Periodic monitoring of investment manager performance and adherence to the investment committee’s policies.  
 Plan assets are invested using a total return investment approach whereby a mix of equity securities, debt securities and other investments are used to
preserve asset values, diversify risk and exceed the planned benchmark investment return. Investment strategies and asset allocations are based on consideration of plan liabilities, the plans’ funded status and other factors, such as the
plans’ demographics and liability durations. Investment performance is reviewed by the investment committee on a quarterly basis and asset allocations are reviewed at least annually.   Plan assets are managed in a balanced portfolio comprised of two major components: equity securities and fixed income securities. The target allocations for plan assets are 60 percent in equity
securities and 40 percent in fixed income securities and other holdings. The documented policy includes an allocation range based on each individual investment type within the major components that allows for a variance from the target allocations
of approximately 5 percentage points. Equity securities primarily include common stock of U.S. and international companies, common/collective trust funds, mutual funds, and partnership investments. Fixed income securities and other holdings
primarily include cash, money market funds with an original maturity of three months or less, U.S. and foreign government and governmental agency issues, corporate bonds, municipal securities, hedge funds, derivative contracts and asset-backed
securities.    While the investment committee provides oversight over plan assets for U.S. and international plans, the summary above is
specific to the plans in the United States. The plan assets for international plans are managed and allocated by the entities in each country, with input and oversight provided by the investment committee. The plan assets for the U.S. and
international plans are included in the table below.  
      90  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following tables summarize the bases used to measure the pension plan assets and liabilities that are
carried at fair value on a recurring basis.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
    
   Basis of fair value
measurement 
 
 (in millions) 
    
   Balance at  
 December 31, 2013  
    
 
 Quoted prices in  active markets for  identical assets  
 (Level 1)  
    
 
 Significant other  observable inputs    (Level 2)  
    
   Significant  unobservable  
 inputs    (Level
3)  


 
   Assets 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Fixed income securities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $   267  
    
 $     24  
    
 $   243  
    
 $     —  
 
   U.S. government and government agency issues 
    
 287  
    
 —  
    
 287  
    
 —  
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
 637  
    
 —  
    
 637  
    
 —  
 
   Equity securities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Common stock: 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Large cap 
    
 974  
    
 974  
    
 —  
    
 —  
 
   Mid cap 
    
 442  
    
 442  
    
 —  
    
 —  
 
   Small cap 
    
 93  
    
 93  
    
 —  
    
 —  
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 Total common stock 
    
 1,509  
    
 1,509  
    
 —  
    
 —  
 
   Mutual funds 
    
 381  
    
 180  
    
 201  
    
 —  
 
   Common/collective trust funds 
    
 617  
    
 —  
    
 612  
    
 5  
 
   Partnership investments 
    
 199  
    
 —  
    
 —  
    
 199  
 
   Other holdings 
    
 103  
    
 10  
    
 91  
    
 2  
 
   Collateral held on loaned securities 
    
 248  
    
 —  
    
 248  
    
 —  
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Collateral to be paid on loaned securities 
    
 (248) 
    
 (88) 
    
 (160) 
    
 —  
 
     
 
   Fair value of pension plan assets 
    
 $4,000  
    
 $1,635  
    
 $2,159  
    
 $   206  
 
     
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
    
   Basis of fair value
measurement 
 
   (in millions) 
    
   Balance at  
 December 31, 2012  
    
 
 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets 
 (Level 1) 
    
   Significant other observable inputs 
 (Level 2) 
    
   Significant unobservable 
 inputs   (Level
3) 


 
   Assets 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Fixed income securities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $   324  
    
 $   210  
    
 $   114  
    
 $     —  
 
   U.S. government and government agency issues 
    
 252  
    
 —  
    
 252  
    
 —  
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
 657  
    
 —  
    
 657  
    
 —  
 
   Equity securities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Common stock: 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Large cap 
    
 807  
    
 807  
    
 —  
    
 —  
 
   Mid cap 
    
 426  
    
 426  
    
 —  
    
 —  
 
   Small cap 
    
 121  
    
 121  
    
 —  
    
 —  
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
   
 Total common stock 
    
 1,354  
    
 1,354  
    
 —  
    
 —  
 
   Mutual funds 
    
 317  
    
 143  
    
 174  
    
 —  
 
   Common/collective trust funds 
    
 467  
    
 —  
    
 462  
    
 5  
 
   Partnership investments 
    
 180  
    
 —  
    
 —  
    
 180  
 
   Other holdings 
    
 91  
    
 8  
    
 81  
    
 2  
 
   Collateral held on loaned securities 
    
 168  
    
 —  
    
 168  
    
 —  
 
   Liabilities 
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
   Collateral to be paid on loaned securities 
    
 (168) 
    
 (60) 
    
 (108) 
    
 —  
 
     
 
   Fair value of pension plan assets 
    
 $3,642  
    
 $1,655  
    
 $1,800  
    
 $   187  
 
     
 
      91  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following is a reconciliation of changes in fair value measurements that used significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
      
 Total 
   
   
 Common/collective trust funds 
   
    
 Partnership investments 
   
   
 Other holdings 
   


 
   Balance at December 31, 2011 
      
 $ 
 176 
    
   
 $ 
   4 
    
    
 $ 
 170 
    
   
 $ 
   2 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets still held at year end 
      
   
 12 
    
   
   
 1 
    
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets sold during the year 
      
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases, sales and settlements 
      
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
      
   
 187 
    
   
   
 5 
    
    
   
 180 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets still held at year end 
      
   
 8 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Actual return on plan assets sold during the year 
      
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Purchases, sales and settlements 
      
   
 11 
    
   
   
 — 
    
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
      
 $ 
 206 
    
   
 $ 
   5 
    
    
 $ 
 199 
    
   
 $ 
   2 
    
 
     
   
   The assets and liabilities of the company’s pension plans are valued using the following valuation methods:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 Investment category 
    
 Valuation methodology 


 
     
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
   These largely consist of a short-term investment fund, U.S. Dollars and foreign currency. The fair value of the short-term
investment fund is based on the net asset value 
 
 
 
 
   U.S. government and government agency issues 
    
   Values are based on reputable pricing vendors, who typically use pricing matrices or models that use observable
inputs 
 
 
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
    
   Values are based on reputable pricing vendors, who typically use pricing matrices or models that use observable
inputs 
 
 
 
 
   Common stock 
    
   Values are based on the closing prices on the valuation date in an active market on national and international stock
exchanges 
 
 
 
 
   Mutual funds 
    
   Values are based on the net asset value of the units held in the respective fund which are obtained from national and
international exchanges or based on the net asset value of the underlying assets of the fund provided by the fund manager 
 
 
 
 
   Common/collective trust funds 
    
   Values are based on the net asset value of the units held at year end 
 
 
 
 
   Partnership investments 
    
   Values are based on the estimated fair value of the participation by the company in the investment as determined by the
general partner or investment manager of the respective partnership 
 
 
 
 
   Other holdings 
    
   The value of these assets vary by investment type, but primarily are determined by reputable pricing vendors, who use pricing
matrices or models that use observable inputs 
 
 
 
 
   Collateral held on loaned securities 
    
   Values are based on the net asset value per unit of the fund in which the collateral is invested 
 
 
 
 
   Collateral to be paid on loaned securities 
    
   Values are based on the fair value of the underlying securities loaned on the valuation date 
 
     
 
      92  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Expected Pension and OPEB Plan Funding    The company’s funding policy for its pension plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal funding requirements, plus any additional amounts that the company may determine to be appropriate
considering the funded status of the plans, tax deductibility, the cash flows generated by the company, and other factors. Volatility in the global financial markets could have an unfavorable impact on future funding requirements. The company has no
obligation to fund its principal plans in the United States in 2014. The company continually reassesses the amount and timing of any discretionary contributions. The company expects to make cash contributions to its pension plans of at least $42
million in 2014, primarily related to the company’s international plans. The company expects to have net cash outflows relating to its OPEB plan of approximately $25 million in 2014.    The table below details the funded status percentage of the company’s pension plans as of December 31, 2013, including certain plans that are unfunded in accordance with the guidelines of the
company’s funding policy outlined above.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 United States and Puerto Rico 
   
    
 International 
   
    
   
   
 
 as of December 31, 2013 (in millions) 
    
 Qualified plans 
   
    
 Nonqualified plan 
   
    
 Funded plans 
   
    
 Unfunded plans 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
     
   
 
   Fair value of plan assets 
    
 $ 
 3,253 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
 $ 
 747 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
 $ 
 4,000 
    
 
   PBO 
    
   
 3,750 
    
    
 $ 
 191 
    
    
   
 1,152 
    
    
 $ 
 332 
    
    
   
 5,425 
    
 
   Funded status percentage 
    
   
 87% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 65% 
    
    
   
 n/a 
    
    
   
 74% 
    
 
     
   
   U.S. Defined Contribution Plan    Most U.S. employees are eligible to participate in a qualified defined contribution plan. Company contributions were $45 million in 2013, $39 million in 2012 and $37 million in 2011.  
  NOTE 13  
  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME      
     Comprehensive income includes all changes in
shareholders’ equity that do not arise from transactions with shareholders, and consists of net income, currency translation adjustments (CTA), pension and other employee benefits, unrealized gains and losses on cash flow hedges and unrealized
gains and losses on unrestricted available-for-sale marketable equity securities. The following is a net-of-tax summary of the changes in AOCI by component for the year ended December 31, 2013.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (in millions) 
    
 Currency translation adjustments 
   
   
 Pension and other employee benefits 
   
   
 Hedging activities 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
     
   
 
   Gains (losses) 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2012 
    
 ($ 
 1,227 
 )  
   
 ($ 
 1,619 
 )  
   
   
 ($5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 41 
    
   
 ($ 
 2,810 
 )  
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
    
   
 236 
    
   
   
 426 
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 690 
    
 
   Amounts reclassified from AOCI(a) 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 166 
    
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 144 
    
 
     
   
 
   Net other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 236 
    
   
   
 592 
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 834 
    
 
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2013 
    
 ($ 
 991 
 )  
   
 ($ 
 1,027 
 )  
   
   
 $10 
    
   
 $ 
 32 
    
   
 ($ 
 1,976 
 )  
 
     
   
     
 
 
 (a) 
 See table below for details about the reclassifications for the year ended December 31, 2013.  
      93  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  The following is a summary of the amounts reclassified from AOCI to net income during the year ended
December 31, 2013.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Adjustments reclassified from AOCI (a) 
   
   
   


 
     
 
 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 Location of impact in income statement 
 
     
 
   Amortization of pension and other employee benefits items 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Actuarial losses and other 
    
 ($ 
 254 
 )(b)  
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (254 
 )  
   
 Total before tax 
 
 
    
   
 88 
    
   
 Tax benefit 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 ($ 
 166 
 )  
   
 Net of tax 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
   Gains (losses) on hedging activities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Interest rate contracts 
    
 $ 
 10 
    
   
 Net interest expense 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
 Net sales 
 
   Foreign exchange contracts 
    
   
 32 
    
   
 Cost of sales 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 41 
    
   
 Total before tax 
 
 
    
   
 (15 
 )  
   
 Tax expense 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 26 
    
   
 Net of tax 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
   Other 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Other-than-temporary impairment of available-for-sale equity securities 
    
 $ 
 (6 
 )  
   
 Other (income) expense, net 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
 Total before tax 
 
 
    
   
 2 
    
   
 Tax benefit 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
 Net of tax 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
   Total reclassification for the period 
    
 ($ 
 144 
 )  
   
 Total net of tax 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
     
 
 
 (a) 
 Amounts in parentheses indicate reductions to net income.  
 
 
 (b) 
 These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost disclosed in Note 12.  
 Refer to Note 12 for additional information regarding the amortization of pension and other employee benefits items and Note 8 for additional information
regarding hedging activity.  
      94  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTE 14  
  INCOME TAXES      
     Income Before Income Tax Expense by Category
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 446 
    
   
 $ 
 386 
    
   
 $ 
 399 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 2,103 
    
   
   
 2,503 
    
   
   
 2,410 
    
 
     
   
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 2,549 
    
   
 $ 
 2,889 
    
   
 $ 
 2,809 
    
 
     
   
 
       Income Tax Expense 
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
 
     
   
 
   Current 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
 $ 
 296 
    
   
 $ 
 122 
    
   
 $ 
 75 
    
 
   State and local 
    
   
 28 
    
   
   
 55 
    
   
   
 32 
    
 
   International 
    
   
 437 
    
   
   
 403 
    
   
   
 274 
    
 
     
   
 
   Current income tax expense 
    
   
 761 
    
   
   
 580 
    
   
   
 381 
    
 
     
   
 
   Deferred 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Federal 
    
   
 (147 
 )  
   
   
 112 
    
   
   
 155 
    
 
   State and local 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 (81 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
 
   International 
    
   
 (72 
 )  
   
   
 (48 
 )  
   
   
 23 
    
 
     
   
 
   Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 
    
   
 (224 
 )  
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 172 
    
 
     
   
 
   Income tax expense 
    
 $ 
 537 
    
   
 $ 
 563 
    
   
 $ 
 553 
    
 
     
   
   Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Deferred tax assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Accrued expenses 
    
 $ 
 426 
    
   
 $ 
 171 
    
 
   Retirement benefits 
    
   
 669 
    
   
   
 804 
    
 
   Tax credits and net operating losses 
    
   
 426 
    
   
   
 169 
    
 
   Valuation allowances 
    
   
 (137 
 )  
   
   
 (104 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax assets 
    
   
 1,384 
    
   
   
 1,040 
    
 
     
   
 
   Deferred tax liabilities 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Subsidiaries’ unremitted earnings 
    
   
 265 
    
   
   
 222 
    
 
   Asset basis differences 
    
   
 849 
    
   
   
 294 
    
 
     
   
 
   Total deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 1,114 
    
   
   
 516 
    
 
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax asset 
    
 $ 
 270 
    
   
 $ 
 524 
    
 
     
   
   At December 31, 2013, the company had U.S. operating loss carryforwards totaling $142 million, of which
approximately $125 million were acquired from Gambro. The U.S. operating loss carryforwards expire between 2014 and 2032. At December 31, 2013, the company had foreign operating loss carryforwards totaling $1.3 billion, of which $992 million
were acquired from Gambro, and foreign tax credit carryforwards totaling $65 million. Of these foreign amounts, $8 million expires in 2014, $4 million expires in 2015, $31 million expires in 2016, $49 million expires in 2017, $37 million expires in
2018, $2 million expires in 2019, $100 million expires  
      95  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
after 2019 and $1.1 billion has no expiration date. Realization of these operating loss and tax credit carryforwards depends on generating sufficient taxable income in future periods. A valuation
allowance of $137 million and $104 million was recorded at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, to reduce the deferred tax assets associated with net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, because the company does not believe it is
more likely than not that these assets will be fully realized prior to expiration. The company will continue to evaluate the need for additional valuation allowances and, as circumstances change, the valuation allowance may change.  
 Income Tax Expense Reconciliation      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Income tax expense at U.S. statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 892 
    
   
 $ 
 1,011 
    
   
 $ 
 983 
    
 
   Tax incentives 
    
   
 (240 
 )  
   
   
 (277 
 )  
   
   
 (360 
 )  
 
   State and local taxes 
    
   
 22 
    
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
   
 25 
    
 
   Foreign tax benefit 
    
   
 (122 
 )  
   
   
 (177 
 )  
   
   
 (118 
 )  
 
   Contingent tax matters 
    
   
 26 
    
   
   
 30 
    
   
   
 39 
    
 
   Other factors 
    
   
 (41 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (16 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Income tax expense 
    
 $ 
 537 
    
   
 $ 
 563 
    
   
 $ 
 553 
    
 
     
   
   The company recognized deferred US income tax expense of $47 million during 2013 relating to 2013 earnings outside the
United States that are not deemed indefinitely reinvested. The company continues to evaluate whether to indefinitely reinvest earnings in certain foreign jurisdictions as it continues to analyze the company’s global financial structure.
Currently, management intends to continue to reinvest past earnings in several jurisdictions outside of the United States indefinitely, particularly due to the company’s acquisition of Gambro which used substantial foreign cash, and therefore
has not recognized U.S. income tax expense on these earnings. U.S. federal and state income taxes, net of applicable credits, on these foreign unremitted earnings of $12.2 billion as of December 31, 2013 would be approximately $3.8 billion. As
of December 31, 2012 the foreign unremitted earnings and U.S. federal and state income tax amounts were $10.6 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively.    Effective Income Tax Rate    The effective income tax rate was 21% in 2013 and 20% in both
2012 and 2011. As detailed in the income tax expense reconciliation table above, the company’s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate each year due to certain operations that are subject to tax incentives, state and
local taxes, and foreign taxes that are different than the U.S. federal statutory rate. In addition, the effective tax rate can be impacted each period by discrete factors and events.    Factors impacting the company’s effective tax rate in 2013 included the favorable settlement of the company’s bilateral Advance Pricing Agreement proceedings between the U.S. government and the
government of Switzerland with respect to intellectual property, product, and service transfer pricing arrangements, which was offset by other contingent tax matters principally related to transfer pricing. Additionally, the effective tax rate was
unfavorably impacted by increases in valuation allowances in respect of the tax benefit from losses that the company does not believe that it is more likely than not to realize and interest expense related to the company’s unrecognized tax
benefits. Partially offsetting these unfavorable items were $16 million of U.S. R&D credits. Additionally, the company’s effective tax rate was impacted by a change in the earnings mix from lower tax to higher tax rate jurisdictions
compared to the prior year.    Factors impacting the company’s effective tax rate in 2012 were gains of $53 million and $38 million for the
reduction of certain contingent payment liabilities related to the prior acquisitions of Prism and ApaTech, respectively, for which there were no tax charges. Also impacting the effective tax rate was a cost of sales reduction of $37 million for an
adjustment to the COLLEAGUE infusion pump reserves when the company  
      96  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
substantially completed the recall in the United States in 2012, for which there was no tax charge. These items were offset by a change in the earnings mix from lower tax to higher tax rate
jurisdictions compared to the prior year period.    Factors impacting the company’s effective tax rate in 2011 were tax benefits from the
business optimization charge, the average wholesale price (AWP) litigation and historical price reporting charge, and other charges in 2011 which were incurred in jurisdictions with rates higher than the effective rate.  
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits    The company
classifies interest and penalties associated with income taxes in the income tax expense line in the consolidated statements of income. Net interest and penalties recorded during 2013, 2012 and 2011 were $1 million, $12 million and $18 million,
respectively. The liability recorded at December 31, 2013 and 2012 related to interest and penalties was $124 million and $103 million, respectively.    The following is a reconciliation of the company’s unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of and for the years ended (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Balance at beginning of the year 
    
 $ 
 437 
    
   
 $ 
 443 
    
   
 $ 
 423 
    
 
   Increase associated with tax positions taken during the current year 
    
   
 31 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
   
 37 
    
 
   Increase (decrease) associated with tax positions taken during a prior year 
    
   
 38 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 15 
    
 
   Settlements 
    
   
 (216 
 )  
   
   
 (21 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
 
   Decrease associated with lapses in statutes of limitations 
    
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (14 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Balance at end of the year 
    
 $ 
 287 
    
   
 $ 
 437 
    
   
 $ 
 443 
    
 
     
   
   Of the gross unrecognized tax benefits, $393 million and $517 million were recognized as liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.    None of the positions included in the liability for uncertain tax
positions related to tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility.    Tax Incentives    The company has received tax incentives in Puerto Rico, Switzerland, and
certain other taxing jurisdictions outside the United States. The financial impact of the reductions as compared to the statutory tax rates is indicated in the income tax expense reconciliation table above. The tax reductions as compared to the
local statutory rate favorably impacted earnings per diluted share by $0.44 in 2013, $0.50 in 2012 and $0.56 in 2011. The Puerto Rico grant provides that the company’s manufacturing operations are and will be partially exempt from local taxes
until the year 2018. The Switzerland grant provides that the company’s manufacturing operations will be partially exempt from local taxes until the year 2014, at which time the tax rate will be approximately 8%. As a result of a restructuring
of the company’s Swiss legal entities in 2013, the effective tax rate on manufacturing operation in Switzerland will be under 1% for several years after 2013.    Examinations of Tax Returns    As of December 31, 2013, Baxter had ongoing audits in the
United States, Germany, Austria, Italy, Turkey, and other jurisdictions. Baxter expects to reduce the amount of its liability for uncertain tax positions within the next 12 months by $75 million due principally to the resolution of tax disputes in
Sweden and Turkey. While the final outcome of these matters is inherently uncertain, the company believes it has made adequate tax provisions for all years subject to examination.  
      97  



 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTE 15  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS      
     Baxter is involved in product liability, patent,
commercial, and other legal matters that arise in the normal course of the company’s business. The company records a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If the reasonable estimate of a
probable loss is a range, and no amount within the range is a better estimate, the minimum amount in the range is accrued. If a loss is not probable or a probable loss cannot be reasonably estimated, no liability is recorded. As of December 31,
2013, the company’s total recorded reserves with respect to legal matters were $160 million and the total related receivables were $7 million.    Baxter has established reserves for certain of the matters discussed below. The company is not able to estimate the amount or range of any loss for certain contingencies for which there is no reserve or
additional loss for matters already reserved. While the liability of the company in connection with the claims cannot be estimated with any certainty and although the resolution in any reporting period of one or more of these matters could have a
significant impact on the company’s results of operations and cash flows for that period, the outcome of these legal proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company’s consolidated financial position. While the
company believes that it has valid defenses in these matters, litigation is inherently uncertain, excessive verdicts do occur, and the company may incur material judgments or enter into material settlements of claims.  
 In addition to the matters described below, the company remains subject to other potential administrative and legal actions. With respect to governmental
and regulatory matters, these actions may lead to product recalls, injunctions, and other restrictions on the company’s operations and monetary sanctions, including significant civil or criminal penalties. With respect to intellectual property,
the company may be exposed to significant litigation concerning the scope of the company’s and others’ rights. Such litigation could result in a loss of patent protection or the ability to market products, which could lead to a significant
loss of sales, or otherwise materially affect future results of operations.    General litigation  
 Baxter is a defendant in a number of suits alleging that certain of the company’s current and former executive officers and its board of directors
failed to adequately oversee the operations of the company and issued materially false and misleading statements regarding the company’s plasma-based therapies business, the company’s remediation of its COLLEAGUE infusion pumps, its
heparin product, and other quality issues. Plaintiffs allege these actions damaged the company and its shareholders by resulting in a decline in stock price in the second quarter of 2010, payment of excess compensation to the board of directors and
certain of the company’s current and former executive officers, and other damage to the company. In August 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit reinstated a consolidated derivative suit filed in the U.S.D.C. for the Northern
District of Illinois that had earlier been dismissed by the district court in September 2012. In January 2014, an independent special litigation committee was established by the company’s board of directors to determine whether it is in the
best interests of the company and its shareholders to pursue or otherwise resolve the claims raised in and arising from this matter. Two other derivative actions have been filed in state court: one pending in the Circuit Court of Lake County,
Illinois has been stayed pending the outcome of the federal action and another, in Delaware Chancery Court, that Baxter has moved to dismiss. In addition, a consolidated alleged class action is pending in the U.S.D.C. for the Northern District of
Illinois against the company and certain of its current executive officers seeking to recover the lost value of investors’ stock and the parties are currently proceeding with discovery. In April 2013, the company filed its opposition to the
plaintiff’s motion to certify a class action.    The company is a defendant, along with others, in a number of lawsuits consolidated for
pretrial proceedings in the U.S.D.C. for the Northern District of Illinois alleging that Baxter and certain of its competitors conspired to restrict output and artificially increase the price of plasma-derived therapies since 2003. Some of the
complaints attempt to state a claim for class action relief and some cases demand treble damages. In January 2012, the court granted the company’s motion to dismiss certain federal claims brought by indirect purchasers and returned the
 
      98  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
remaining indirect purchaser claims to the court of original jurisdiction (U.S.D.C. for the Northern District of California) in August 2012. The indirect purchaser complaint was amended to remove
class action allegations in May 2013. In January 2014, the company provisionally settled with the direct purchaser plaintiffs for $64 million, pending final approval of the settlement by the court which is anticipated in the first half of 2014. As
of December 31, 2013, the company has a litigation reserve to cover the settlement.    Product liability litigation  
 In connection with the recall of heparin products in the United States, approximately 30 lawsuits remain pending alleging that plaintiffs suffered various
reactions to a heparin contaminant, in some cases resulting in fatalities. The majority of these cases are subject to settlement agreements but remain pending while settlement documentation is being completed.  
 Other    The company was the recipient of
an inquiry from the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and the SEC that was part of a broader review of industry practices for compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. In January 2014, the company was notified by both the DOJ and the
SEC that their respective investigations were closed as to Baxter without any further action taken by either agency.    In the fourth quarter of
2012, the company received two investigative demands from the United States Attorney for the Western District of North Carolina for information regarding its quality and manufacturing practices and procedures at its North Cove facility. The company
is fully cooperating with this investigation.  
  NOTE 16  
  SEGMENT INFORMATION      
     Baxter’s two segments, BioScience and
Medical Products, are strategic businesses that are managed separately because each business develops, manufactures and markets distinct products and services. The segments and a description of their products and services are as follows:  
 The  BioScience  business processes recombinant and plasma-based proteins to treat hemophilia and other bleeding disorders; plasma-based therapies
to treat immune deficiencies, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency, burns and shock, and other chronic and acute blood-related conditions; biosurgery products; and select vaccines.    The  Medical Products  business manufactures intravenous (IV) solutions and administration sets, premixed drugs and drug-reconstitution systems, pre-filled vials and syringes for injectable
drugs, IV nutrition products, infusion pumps, and inhalation anesthetics. The business also provides products and services related to pharmacy compounding, drug formulation and packaging technologies. Baxter enhanced its leadership in renal
therapies with the acquisition of Gambro and now offers a comprehensive portfolio to meet the needs of patients across the treatment continuum. The portfolio includes innovative technologies and therapies for peritoneal dialysis (PD), in-center
hemodialysis (HD), home hemodialysis (HHD), continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) and additional dialysis services.    Also included in
the Medical Products business are revenues and costs related to the manufacturing, distribution and other transition agreements with Fenwal Inc. associated with the 2007 divestiture of the Transfusion Therapies business. Post-divestiture revenues
associated with these transition agreements had been reported at the corporate level (Corporate) and not allocated to a segment prior to January 1, 2012. The prior period segment presentation has been recast to conform to the current period
presentation.    The company uses more than one measurement and multiple views of data to measure segment performance and to allocate resources
to the segments. However, the dominant measurements are consistent with the company’s consolidated financial statements and, accordingly, are reported on the same basis in this report. The company
 
      99  



 
 
 Table of Contents 

  
evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates resources to them primarily based on pre-tax income along with cash flows and overall economic returns. Intersegment sales are generally
accounted for at amounts comparable to sales to unaffiliated customers, and are eliminated in consolidation. The accounting policies of the segments are substantially the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies in
Note 1.    Effective in 2012, the segment measures of total assets and capital expenditures reflect a re-allocation of certain assets
between segments to reflect management’s use of updated segment measures to allocate resources. The prior period presentation has been recast to conform to the current period presentation. The impact on the segment measures in prior periods was
a shift between Medical Products and BioScience of $988 million and $25 million for total assets and capital expenditures in 2011, respectively. The company considered the impact of this re-allocation on the goodwill impairment reviews completed in
prior years and there was no impact as the fair values of the company’s reporting units were substantially in excess of the carrying values.    Certain items are maintained at Corporate and are not allocated to a segment. They primarily include most of the company’s debt and cash and equivalents and related net interest expense, certain
foreign exchange fluctuations (principally relating to intercompany receivables, payables and loans denominated in a foreign currency) and the majority of the foreign currency hedging activities, corporate headquarters costs, stock compensation
expense, certain non-strategic investments and related income and expense, certain employee benefit plan costs (including the 2012 pension settlement charges), certain nonrecurring gains and losses, certain other charges (such as business
optimization, AWP litigation and historical price reporting, and asset impairment), contributions to the Baxter International Foundation, deferred income taxes, and certain litigation liabilities and related receivables. With respect to depreciation
and amortization and expenditures for long-lived assets, the difference between the segment totals and the consolidated totals principally relate to assets maintained at Corporate.    Segment Information         
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of and for the years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 BioScience 
   
    
 Medical Products 
   
    
 Other 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
     
   
 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net sales 
    
   
 $6,564 
    
    
 $ 
 8,695 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 15,259 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 263 
    
    
   
 472 
    
    
   
 88 
    
   
   
 823 
    
 
   Pre-tax income (loss) 
    
   
 2,435 
    
    
   
 1,398 
    
    
   
 (1,284 
 )  
   
   
 2,549 
    
 
   Assets 
    
   
 8,967 
    
    
   
 12,269 
    
    
   
 4,633 
    
   
   
 25,869 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 868 
    
    
   
 530 
    
    
   
 127 
    
   
   
 1,525 
    
 
     
   
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net sales 
    
   
 $6,237 
    
    
 $ 
 7,953 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 14,190 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 243 
    
    
   
 385 
    
    
   
 84 
    
   
   
 712 
    
 
   Pre-tax income (loss) 
    
   
 2,309 
    
    
   
 1,592 
    
    
   
 (1,012 
 )  
   
   
 2,889 
    
 
   Assets 
    
   
 7,380 
    
    
   
 7,568 
    
    
   
 5,442 
    
   
   
 20,390 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 570 
    
    
   
 495 
    
    
   
 96 
    
   
   
 1,161 
    
 
     
   
 
   2011 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net sales 
    
   
 $6,053 
    
    
 $ 
 7,840 
    
    
 $ 
 — 
    
   
 $ 
 13,893 
    
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 209 
    
    
   
 341 
    
    
   
 120 
    
   
   
 670 
    
 
   Pre-tax income (loss) 
    
   
 2,416 
    
    
   
 1,522 
    
    
   
 (1,129 
 )  
   
   
 2,809 
    
 
   Assets 
    
   
 6,533 
    
    
   
 7,495 
    
    
   
 5,045 
    
   
   
 19,073 
    
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 370 
    
    
   
 467 
    
    
   
 123 
    
   
   
 960 
    
 
     
   
 
      100
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Pre-Tax Income Reconciliation  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Total pre-tax income from segments 
    
 $ 
 3,833 
    
   
 $ 
 3,901 
    
   
 $ 
 3,938 
    
 
   Unallocated amounts 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net interest expense 
    
   
 (128 
 )  
   
   
 (87 
 )  
   
   
 (54 
 )  
 
   Certain foreign exchange fluctuations and hedging activities 
    
   
 83 
    
   
   
 53 
    
   
   
 (16 
 )  
 
   Stock compensation 
    
   
 (150 
 )  
   
   
 (130 
 )  
   
   
 (119 
 )  
 
   Business optimization charges 
    
   
 (280 
 )  
   
   
 (150 
 )  
   
   
 (192 
 )  
 
   AWP litigation and historical price reporting charge 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (79 
 )  
 
   Asset impairment and other charges 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (103 
 )  
 
   Pension settlement charges 
    
   
 — 
    
   
   
 (168 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Certain tax and legal reserves 
    
   
 (104 
 )  
   
   
 — 
    
   
   
 — 
    
 
   Other Corporate items 
    
   
 (705 
 )  
   
   
 (530 
 )  
   
   
 (566 
 )  
 
     
   
 
   Consolidated income before income taxes 
    
 $ 
 2,549 
    
   
 $ 
 2,889 
    
   
 $ 
 2,809 
    
 
     
   
   Assets Reconciliation      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
     
   
 
   Total segment assets 
    
 $ 
 21,236 
    
    
 $ 
 14,948 
    
 
   Cash and equivalents 
    
   
 2,733 
    
    
   
 3,270 
    
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 1,269 
    
    
   
 1,500 
    
 
   PP&E, net 
    
   
 437 
    
    
   
 461 
    
 
   Other Corporate assets 
    
   
 194 
    
    
   
 211 
    
 
     
   
 
   Consolidated total assets 
    
 $ 
 25,869 
    
    
 $ 
 20,390 
    
 
     
   
   Geographic Information    Net sales are based on product shipment destination and assets are based on physical location.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Net sales 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 6,451 
    
    
 $ 
 6,056 
    
    
 $ 
 5,709 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 4,597 
    
    
   
 4,196 
    
    
   
 4,392 
    
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 2,378 
    
    
   
 2,229 
    
    
   
 2,107 
    
 
   Latin America and Canada 
    
   
 1,833 
    
    
   
 1,709 
    
    
   
 1,685 
    
 
     
   
 
   Consolidated net sales 
    
 $ 
 15,259 
    
    
 $ 
 14,190 
    
    
 $ 
 13,893 
    
 
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 7,141 
    
    
 $ 
 8,034 
    
    
 $ 
 7,524 
    
 
   Europe 
    
   
 14,541 
    
    
   
 8,597 
    
    
   
 8,096 
    
 
   Asia-Pacific 
    
   
 2,347 
    
    
   
 1,943 
    
    
   
 1,807 
    
 
   Latin America and Canada 
    
   
 1,840 
    
    
   
 1,816 
    
    
   
 1,646 
    
 
     
   
 
   Consolidated total assets 
    
 $ 
 25,869 
    
    
 $ 
 20,390 
    
    
 $ 
 19,073 
    
 
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 as of December 31 (in millions) 
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
    
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   PP&E, net 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United States 
    
 $ 
 3,091 
    
    
 $ 
 2,333 
    
    
 $ 
 2,091 
    
 
   Austria 
    
   
 914 
    
    
   
 802 
    
    
   
 786 
    
 
   Other countries 
    
   
 3,827 
    
    
   
 2,963 
    
    
   
 2,648 
    
 
     
   
 
   Consolidated PP&E, net 
    
 $ 
   7,832 
    
    
 $ 
   6,098 
    
    
 $ 
   5,525 
    
 
     
   
 
      101
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Significant Product Sales    Effective January 1, 2013, Baxter transitioned to a commercial franchise structure for reporting net sales within each segment. Prior period net sales have been reclassified to reflect the new
commercial franchise structure. The following is a summary of net sales as a percentage of consolidated net sales for the company’s commercial franchises.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 years ended December 31 
      
 2013 
   
      
 2012 
   
      
 2011 
   


 
     
   
 
   Hemophilia 1 
      
   
 23% 
    
      
   
 23% 
    
      
   
 23% 
    
 
   Fluid Systems 2 
      
   
 20% 
    
      
   
 21% 
    
      
   
 21% 
    
 
 
 Renal 3 
      
   
 20% 
    
      
   
 18% 
    
      
   
 18% 
    
 
   BioTherapeutics 4 
      
   
 14% 
    
      
   
 15% 
    
      
   
 14% 
    
 
   Specialty Pharmaceuticals 5 
      
   
 10% 
    
      
   
 10% 
    
      
   
 10% 
    
 
     
   
     
 
 
 1   
   Includes sales of recombinant FVIII products (ADVATE and RECOMBINATE) and plasma-derived hemophilia products (primarily FVII, FVIII and FEIBA).
 
 
 
 2 
   Principally
includes IV therapies, infusion pumps, administration sets, and premixed drug platforms.  
 
 
 3 
   Consists of PD and
HD therapies.  
 
 
 4 
   Includes sales of
the company’s liquid formulation of the antibody-replacement therapy immunoglobulin product (GAMMAGARD LIQUID) and other plasma-based therapies such as albumin and alpha-1 antitrypsin products.  
 
 
 5 
   Principally
includes nutrition and anesthesia products.  
      102
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


  NOTE 17  
  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL RESULTS AND MARKET FOR THE COMPANY’S STOCK (UNAUDITED)  
           
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 years ended December 31 (in millions, except per share data) 
      
 First quarter 
   
      
 Second quarter 
   
      
 Third quarter 
   
      
 Fourth quarter 
   
      
 Full year 
   


 
     
   
 
   2013 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Net sales 
      
 $ 
 3,448 
    
      
 $ 
 3,669 
    
      
 $ 
 3,774 
    
      
 $ 
 4,368 
    
      
 $ 
 15,259 
    
 
   Gross margin 1 
      
   
 1,756 
    
      
   
 1,939 
    
      
   
 1,946 
    
      
   
 1,954 
    
      
   
 7,595 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Baxter 1 
      
   
 552 
    
      
   
 590 
    
      
   
 544 
    
      
   
 326 
    
      
   
 2,012 
    
 
   Earnings per common share 1 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
   
 1.01 
    
      
   
 1.09 
    
      
   
 1.00 
    
      
   
 0.60 
    
      
   
 3.70 
    
 
   Diluted 
      
   
 1.00 
    
      
   
 1.07 
    
      
   
 0.99 
    
      
   
 0.59 
    
      
   
 3.66 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
      
   
 0.45 
    
      
   
 0.49 
    
      
   
 0.49 
    
      
   
 0.49 
    
      
   
 1.92 
    
 
   Market price per common share 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   High 
      
   
 72.64 
    
      
   
 73.04 
    
      
   
 74.43 
    
      
   
 69.55 
    
      
   
 74.43 
    
 
   Low 
      
   
 66.42 
    
      
   
 68.10 
    
      
   
 65.69 
    
      
   
 63.89 
    
      
   
 63.89 
    
 
     
   
 
   2012 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Net sales 
      
 $ 
 3,388 
    
      
 $ 
 3,572 
    
      
 $ 
 3,477 
    
      
 $ 
 3,753 
    
      
 $ 
 14,190 
    
 
   Gross margin 2 
      
   
 1,714 
    
      
   
 1,872 
    
      
   
 1,810 
    
      
   
 1,905 
    
      
   
 7,301 
    
 
   Net income attributable to Baxter 2 
      
   
 588 
    
      
   
 661 
    
      
   
 583 
    
      
   
 494 
    
      
   
 2,326 
    
 
   Earnings per common share 2 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   Basic 
      
   
 1.05 
    
      
   
 1.20 
    
      
   
 1.07 
    
      
   
 0.90 
    
      
   
 4.22 
    
 
   Diluted 
      
   
 1.04 
    
      
   
 1.19 
    
      
   
 1.06 
    
      
   
 0.89 
    
      
   
 4.18 
    
 
   Cash dividends declared per common share 
      
   
 0.335 
    
      
   
 0.335 
    
      
   
 0.45 
    
      
   
 0.45 
    
      
   
 1.57 
    
 
   Market price per common share 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
      
 
 
 
 
   High 
      
   
 60.26 
    
      
   
 60.27 
    
      
   
 61.15 
    
      
   
 68.81 
    
      
   
 68.81 
    
 
   Low 
      
   
 49.66 
    
      
   
 49.03 
    
      
   
 53.58 
    
      
   
 60.09 
    
      
   
 49.03 
    
 
     
   
     
 
 
 1   
   The first quarter of 2013 included currency-related charges of $28 million related to the Venezuelan currency devaluation in February 2013 and
derivative instruments entered into to hedge anticipated foreign currency cash outflows for the planned acquisition of Gambro (Gambro-related derivatives), in addition to charges of $17 million associated with Gambro pre-acquisition costs. The
second quarter of 2013 included losses of $55 million for Gambro-related derivatives, charges of $23 million related to Gambro pre-acquisition costs and a net benefit of $2 million related to business optimization activity. The third quarter of 2013
included Gambro acquisition and integration charges of $58 million, tax and legal reserves of $83 million, business development charges of $25 million related to upfront payments for collaboration agreements, and a net gain of $20 million
principally associated with Gambro-related derivatives. The fourth quarter of 2013 included business development charges of $78 million related to upfront and milestone payments for collaboration agreements, business optimization charges of $282
million, Gambro acquisition and integration charges of $94 million and product-related charges of $17 million, principally related to remediation efforts for modifications to the SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pump.  
   
 
 
 2   
   The first quarter of 2012 included a $53 million gain related to the reduction of a contingent payment liability for certain milestones associated with
the 2011 acquisition of Prism and business development charges of $48 million which primarily related to an R&D charge associated with the company’s collaboration with Momenta. The second quarter of 2012 included a $38 million gain related
to the reduction of a contingent payment liability for certain milestones associated with the 2010 acquisition of ApaTech, business development charges of $30 million which related to an R&D charge associated with the company’s
collaboration with Chatham and a $23 million net benefit from reserve adjustments which primarily related to an adjustment to the COLLEAGUE infusion pump reserves. The third quarter of 2012 included an R&D charge of $50 million related to the
company’s agreement with Onconova. The fourth quarter of 2012 included charges of $170 million primarily related to the settlement of certain pension obligations and $150 million related to business optimization initiatives (of which $62
million was recorded in cost of sales).    Baxter common stock is listed on the New York, Chicago and SIX Swiss stock
exchanges. The New York Stock Exchange is the principal market on which the company’s common stock is traded. At January 31, 2014, there were 36,629 holders of record of the company’s common stock.  
      103
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Management’s Responsibility for Consolidated Financial Statements  
 Management is responsible for the preparation of the company’s consolidated financial statements and related information appearing in this report.
Management believes that the consolidated financial statements fairly reflect the form and substance of transactions and that the financial statements reasonably present the company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management has also included in the company’s consolidated financial statements amounts that are based on estimates and judgments, which it believes are
reasonable under the circumstances.    PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the
company’s consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and provides an opinion on whether the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the company.    Management’s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting    Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the principal executive and
financial officers, and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.    Management performed an assessment of the
effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013. In making this assessment, management used the framework in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992)  issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment under the framework in  Internal Control-Integrated Framework (1992) , management concluded that the company’s internal control over financial reporting was
effective as of December 31, 2013.    Management has excluded Gambro AB (Gambro), and its holding company Indap Holding AB (Indap Holding),
from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 because we acquired Gambro in September 2013. Indap Holding and Gambro are wholly owned subsidiaries of Baxter International Inc. whose total assets and
total revenues represent approximately 18% and 3%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013.    The effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting
firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   /s/ ROBERT L. PARKINSON, JR.   Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.   Chairman of the Board and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
    
   /s/ ROBERT J. HOMBACH 
 Robert J. Hombach   Corporate Vice President
and   Chief Financial Officer 
 
      104
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
   To   the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Baxter International Inc.:    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15(1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Baxter International Inc. and its
subsidiaries at December 31, 2013 and 2012, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2013   in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. Also in our opinion, the company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework 
(1992)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The company’s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and
for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting incorporated by reference under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express
opinions on these financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.    A company’s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of
the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.    Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.    As described in Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting, management has excluded Gambro AB (Gambro), and its holding company, Indap Holding AB (Indap Holding), from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 because Gambro and Indap Holding
were acquired by the company in a purchase business combination on September 6, 2013. We have also excluded Indap Holding and Gambro from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Indap Holding and Gambro are wholly-owned subsidiaries
whose total assets and total revenues represent approximately 18% and 3%, respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2013.    /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP    Chicago, Illinois  
 February 21, 2014  

      105
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.   
 None.      
 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures.     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    Baxter carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of its Disclosure Committee and management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of Baxter’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2013. Baxter’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Baxter in the reports it files or submits
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis and that such information is communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and its board of directors, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure.    Based on that evaluation the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that the company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2013.    Assessment of Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting    Baxter’s report of management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2013 and the audit report regarding the same of Baxter’s independent auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, are included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference.    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 In the second quarter of 2010, the company began the implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning system. In addition, the company is
consolidating and outsourcing certain computer operations and application support activities. These multi-year initiatives will be conducted in phases and include modifications to the design and operation of controls over financial reporting. The
company is testing internal controls over financial reporting for design effectiveness prior to implementation of each phase, and has monitoring controls in place over the implementation of these changes. Except for the change noted below, there
have been no other changes in Baxter’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and  15d-15(f)  under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended
December 31, 2013 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Baxter’s internal control over financial reporting.    In September 2013, Baxter acquired 100 percent of the voting equity interest in Indap Holding AB, the holding company for Gambro AB (Gambro). As part of the post-closing integration, the company is
engaged in refining and harmonizing the internal controls and processes of the acquired business with those of the company. Management has excluded the internal controls of Gambro from its annual assessment of the effectiveness of the company’s
internal control over financial reporting for 2013. This exclusion is in accordance with the general guidance issued by the Securities and Exchange Commission that an assessment of a recent business combination may be omitted from management’s
report on internal control over financial reporting in the year of consolidation.      
 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information.   
 None.  
      106
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  PART III  
   
 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.     Refer to information under the captions entitled “Proposal 1 — Election of Directors,” “Committees of the Board — Audit Committee,” “Corporate
Governance — Director Qualifications” “Corporate Governance — Code of Conduct,” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in Baxter’s definitive proxy statement to
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and delivered to shareholders in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 7, 2014 (the Proxy Statement), all of which information is incorporated herein by
reference. Also refer to information regarding executive officers of Baxter under the caption entitled “Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
   
 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation.     Refer to information under the captions entitled “Executive Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Report”, and “Director Compensation” in the Proxy Statement, all of which
information is incorporated herein by reference.  
      107
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.   
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION    The following table provides information relating to shares of common stock that may be issued under Baxter’s existing equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2013.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Plan Category 
    
   Number of Shares 
 to be Issued upon   Exercise of   Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants and 
 Rights (a) 
   
   
   Weighted-Average 
 Exercise Price of   Outstanding   Options, Warrants 
 and Rights (b) 
   
   
   Number of Shares Remaining 
 Available for Future Issuance   Under Equity Compensation Plans   (Excluding Shares
Reflected in   Column (a)) (c) 
   
   
   


 
     
 
   Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Shareholders 
    
   
 32,204,989 
 (1)  
   
   
 $57.19 
 (2)  
   
   
 39,979,012 
 (3)  
   
 
 
   Equity Compensation Plans Not Approved by Shareholders 
    
   
 471,838 
 (4)  
   
   
 $45.75 
    
   
   
 — 
    
   
 
 
     
 
   Total 
    
   
 32,676,827 
 (5)  
   
   
 $57.00 
 (2)  
   
   
 39,979,012 
    
   
 
 
     
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Excludes purchase rights under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, eligible employees may purchase shares of common stock through
payroll deductions of up to 15 percent of base pay at a purchase price equal to 85 percent of the closing market price on the purchase date (as defined by the Employee Stock Purchase Plan). A participating employee may not purchase more than $25,000
in fair market value of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan in any calendar year and may withdraw from the Employee Stock Purchase Plan at any time.  
   
 
 
 (2) 
 Restricted stock units and performance share units are excluded when determining the weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options.  
   
 
 
 (3) 
 Includes (i) 7,931,481 shares of common stock available for purchase under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan; (ii) 2,608,066 shares of common stock available
under the 2007 Incentive Plan; and (iii) 29,439,465 shares of common stock available under the 2011 Incentive Plan.      
 
 
 (4) 
 Includes shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options granted under the 2001 Incentive Compensation Program. These shares were made available pursuant to an
amendment thereto not approved by shareholders. These additional shares were approved by the company’s board of directors, not the company’s shareholders, although the company shareholders have approved the 2001 Incentive Compensation
Program.      
 
 
 (5) 
 Includes outstanding awards of 29,128,839 stock options, which have a weighted-average exercise price of $57.00 and a weighted-average remaining term of 6.2 years,
2,394,145 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units, and 1,153,843 shares of common stock reserved for issuance in connection with performance share unit grants.  
 Refer to information under the captions entitled “Security Ownership by Directors and Executive Officers” and “Security Ownership by
Certain Beneficial Owners” in the Proxy Statement, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference.  
      108
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.   
 Refer to the information under the captions entitled “Board of Directors,” “Corporate Governance — Director Independence”
and “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,” in the Proxy Statement, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference.      
 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services.     Refer to the information under the caption entitled “Audit and Non-Audit Fees” in the Proxy Statement, all of which information is incorporated herein by reference.  
 PART IV      
 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.     The following documents are filed as a part of this report:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
    
 Page Number 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 (1) 
    
 Financial Statements: 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
    
   
 48 
    
 
 
    
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
    
   
 49 
    
 
 
    
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
    
   
 50 
    
 
 
    
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
    
   
 51 
    
 
 
    
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
    
   
 52 
    
 
 
    
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 53 
    
 
 
    
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 105 
    
 
 (2) 
    
 Schedules required by Article 12 of Regulation S-X: 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Financial Statement Schedule 
    
   
 115 
    
 
 
    
 Schedule II — Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
    
   
 116 
    
 
 
    
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required. 
    
 
 
 
 
 (3) 
    
 Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference. Exhibits in the Exhibit Index
marked with a “C” in the left margin constitute management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements contemplated by Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
    
 
 
 
 
      109
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SIGNATURES    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 
 
 
 
   By: 
   
   /s/ Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. 
 
 
   
 Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. 
 
 
   
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
   DATE: February 21, 2014    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on
February 21, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Signature 
    
   Title 


 
 
 
 
 /s/ Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. 
    
   Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   (principal executive officer) 
 
   Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. 
    
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Robert J. Hombach 
    
 Corporate Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 
   Robert J. Hombach 
    
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Sebastian J. Bufalino 
    
   Corporate Vice President and Controller   (principal accounting officer) 
 
   Sebastian J. Bufalino 
    
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Thomas F. Chen 
    
 Director 
 
   Thomas F. Chen 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Uma Chowdhry 
    
 Director 
 
   Uma Chowdhry, Ph.D. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Blake E. Devitt 
    
 Director 
 
   Blake E. Devitt 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ John D. Forsyth 
    
 Director 
 
   John D. Forsyth 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Gail D. Fosler 
    
 Director 
 
   Gail D. Fosler 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ James R. Gavin III 
    
 Director 
 
   James R. Gavin III, M.D., Ph.D. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Peter S. Hellman 
    
 Director 
 
   Peter S. Hellman 
    
 
      110
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Signature 
    
   Title 


 
 
 
 
 /s/ Wayne T. Hockmeyer 
    
 Director 
 
   Wayne T. Hockmeyer, Ph.D. 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Carole J. Shapazian 
    
 Director 
 
   Carole J. Shapazian 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Thomas T. Stallkamp 
    
 Director 
 
   Thomas T. Stallkamp 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ K.J. Storm 
    
 Director 
 
   K.J. Storm 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ Albert P. L. Stroucken 
    
 Director 
 
   Albert P. L. Stroucken 
    
 
 
      111
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  EXHIBIT INDEX  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Number and Description of Exhibit 


 
 
 
 
       2.1 
    
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 4, 2012 by and between the Company and Indap Sweden AB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current
Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 4, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
       2.2 
    
 Amendment No. 1 to Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2013 by and between the Company and Indap Sweden AB (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 3, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
       2.3 
    
 Amendment No. 2 to Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 28, 2013 by and between Baxter Holding AB (as successor in interest to the Company) and Indap Sweden AB (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 28, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
       3.1 
    
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 10,
2013). 
 
 
 
 
       3.2 
    
 Bylaws, as amended and restated on May 9, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 10,
2013). 
 
 
 
 
       4.1 
    
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit(a) to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-16 (Registration
No. 02-65269), filed on August 17, 1979). 
 
 
 
 
       4.2 
    
 Indenture, dated as of April 26, 2002, between the Company and Bank One Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Amendment
No. 1 to Form 8-A, filed on December 23, 2002). 
 
 
 
 
       4.3 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 10, 2003, to Indenture dated as of April 26, 2002, between the Company and Bank One Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee
(including form of 4.625% Notes due 2015) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 333-109329), filed on September 30, 2003). 
 
 
 
 
       4.4 
    
 Indenture, dated August 8, 2006, between the Company and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to
the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 9, 2006). 
 
 
 
 
       4.5 
    
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated August 8, 2006, between the Company and J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee (including form of
5.90% Senior Note due 2016) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 9, 2006). 
 
 
 
 
       4.6 
    
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated December 7, 2007, between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to J.P. Morgan
Trust Company, National Association), as Trustee (including form of 6.250% Senior Note due 2037) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 7,
2007). 
 
 
 
 
       4.7 
    
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated May 22, 2008, between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to J.P. Morgan
Trust Company, National Association), as Trustee (including form of 5.375% Senior Notes due 2018) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on May 22,
2008). 
 
 
 
 
       4.8 
    
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated February 26, 2009, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to
J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association), as Trustee (including form of 4.00% Senior Notes due 2014) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on
February 26, 2009). 
      112
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Number and Description of Exhibit 


 
 
 
 
       4.9 
    
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 20, 2009, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to
J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association), as Trustee (including form of 4.50% Senior Notes due 2019) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 20,
2009). 
 
 
 
 
       4.10 
    
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 9, 2010, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to
J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association), as Trustee, (including forms of 1.800% Senior Notes due 2013 and 4.250% Senior Notes due 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on March 9, 2010). 
 
 
 
 
       4.11 
    
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated December 19, 2011, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to J.P. Morgan Trust
Company, National Association), as Trustee (including form of 1.850% Senior Notes due 2017) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 19, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
       4.12 
    
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 13, 2012, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to J.P. Morgan Trust
Company, National Association), as Trustee (including forms of 2.400% Senior Notes due 2022 and 3.650% Senior Notes due 2042) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 13,
2012). 
 
 
 
 
       4.13 
    
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 11, 2013, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (as successor in interest to J.P. Morgan Trust Company,
National Association), as Trustee (including forms of Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2014, 0.950% Senior Notes due 2016, 1.850% Senior Notes due 2018, 3.200% Senior Notes due 2023, and 4.500% Senior Notes due 2043) (incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 11, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
     10.1 
    
 Four-Year Credit Agreement, dated June 17, 2011, among the Company as Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association , as Administrative Agent and certain other financial
institutions named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 22, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.2 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into with directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q,
filed on November 14, 1986). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.3 
    
 Baxter International Inc. 2003 Incentive Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A,
filed on March 21, 2003). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.4 
    
 Baxter International Inc. 2007 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on
March 20, 2007). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.5 
    
 Baxter International Inc. Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 16,
2007). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.6 
    
 Baxter International Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 18,
2011). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.7 
    
 Baxter International Inc. Equity Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on May 3,
2011). 
      113
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 


 
 
 
 

 
   Number and Description of Exhibit 


 
 
 
 
 C 10.8 
    
 Baxter International Inc. Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan (amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) and Amendment No. 1 thereto effective January 1, 2012
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2012). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.9 
    
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, between Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. and the Company, dated December 12, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on December 17, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.10 
    
 Amendment to Employment Agreement, between Robert L. Parkinson, Jr. and the Company, dated July 23, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on July 31, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.11* 
    
 Form of Severance Agreement entered into with executive officers. 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.12 
    
 Baxter International Inc. and Subsidiaries Supplemental Pension Plan (amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 19, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.13 
    
 Baxter International Inc. and Subsidiaries Deferred Compensation Plan (amended and restated effective January 1, 2009) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on February 19, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.14 
    
 Baxter International Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended and restated effective July 1, 2011) (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company’s
Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed on March 18, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
 C 10.15* 
    
 Baxter International Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2014). 
 
 
 
 
     12.* 
    
 Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. 
 
 
 
 
     21.* 
    
 Subsidiaries of Baxter International Inc. 
 
 
 
 
     23.* 
    
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
 
 
 
     31.1* 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 
 
 
     31.2* 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 
 
 
     32.1* 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
     32.2* 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 
 
 
   101.INS* 
    
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.SCH* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.CAL* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.DEF* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.LAB* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 
 
 
   101.PRE* 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
     
 
 
 * 
 Filed herewith.      
 
 
 C 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
      114
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON
   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE    To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Baxter International Inc.:    Our audits of the
consolidated financial statements and of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting referred to in our report dated February 21, 2014 listed in the index appearing under Item 15(1) in this Form 10-K also included
an audit of the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(2) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In our opinion, this financial statement schedule presents fairly, in all material respects, the information
set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.      
 


 
 


 
   /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois   February 21,
2014 
 
      115
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 

  SCHEDULE II  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Additions 
   
    
 Charged (credited) to other accounts (1) 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 (in millions) 
    
 Balance at beginning of period 
   
    
 Charged to costs and expenses 
   
    
   
 Deductions from reserves (2) 
   
   
 Balance at end of period 
   


 
   Year ended December 31, 2013: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 127 
    
    
   
 26 
    
    
   
 27 
    
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 169 
    
 
   Inventory reserves 
    
 $ 
 284 
    
    
   
 217 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (241 
 )  
   
 $ 
 261 
    
 
   Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
    
 $ 
 104 
    
    
   
 13 
    
    
   
 25 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
 $ 
 137 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2012: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 128 
    
    
   
 12 
    
    
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 (11 
 )  
   
 $ 
 127 
    
 
   Inventory reserves 
    
 $ 
 302 
    
    
   
 199 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 (221 
 )  
   
 $ 
 284 
    
 
   Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
    
 $ 
 116 
    
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (18 
 )  
   
 $ 
 104 
    
 
   Year ended December 31, 2011: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts 
    
 $ 
 139 
    
    
   
 32 
    
    
   
 (6 
 )  
   
   
 (37 
 )  
   
 $ 
 128 
    
 
   Inventory reserves 
    
 $ 
 359 
    
    
   
 144 
    
    
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 (191 
 )  
   
 $ 
 302 
    
 
   Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
    
 $ 
 118 
    
    
   
 11 
    
    
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
 $ 
 116 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
 Valuation accounts of acquired or divested companies and foreign currency translation adjustments.  
   
 
 
 (2) 
 Deductions from reserves includes the write-off of previously reserved inventory that was used in research and development (R&D) and recorded in R&D expenses in
the year reserved.    Reserves are deducted from assets to which they apply.  
      116
 

 
 
 
