
 10-K
 1
 d696297d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 


 
    
     UNITED STATES  
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
 Washington, D.C. 20549      
     FORM  10-K       
     (Mark One)  
 
 
 ☒ 
   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
   For the fiscal year ended  December  30, 2018   
 or      
 
 
 ☐ 
   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
   Commission File Number  001-32242   
       
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
       
 


 
 
 
 


 
 DELAWARE 
   
 38-2511577 
 
   (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
   
   (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
   30 Frank Lloyd Wright Drive 
 Ann Arbor, Michigan 
   
 48105 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
   Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (734)
 930-3030     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Title of each class: 
   
   Name of each exchange on which
registered: 


 
   Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None   
       
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act:    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act:    Yes  ☐    No  ☒  
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days:    Yes  ☒    No  ☐    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation  S-T  (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files):    Yes  ☒    No  ☐  
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation  S-K  (§229.405 of
this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
 10-K  or any amendment to this Form  10-K:  ☒     Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a  non-accelerated  filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large
accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 Large accelerated filer 
   
 ☒ 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Non-accelerated  filer 
   
 ☐ 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ☐ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
    
 Emerging growth company 
   
 ☐ 
   If emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐    Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Act):    Yes  ☐    No  ☒  
 The aggregate market value of the voting and  non-voting  common stock held by
 non-affiliates  of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. as of June 17, 2018 computed by reference to the closing price of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on such date was
$11,546,079,722.    As of February 14, 2019, Domino’s Pizza, Inc. had 41,040,704 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share,
outstanding.    Documents incorporated by reference:  
 Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be furnished to shareholders of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. in connection with the annual meeting of shareholders
to be held on April 23, 2019 are incorporated by reference into Part III.      
       
 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS   
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 Page No. 


 
 
   
 Part I  
    
 
 
 Item 1. 
   
   Business. 
    
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
   
   Risk Factors. 
    
 11 
 
 Item 1B. 
   
   Unresolved Staff Comments. 
    
 21 
 
 Item 2. 
   
   Properties. 
    
 21 
 
 Item 3. 
   
   Legal Proceedings. 
    
 21 
 
 Item 4. 
   
   Mine Safety Disclosures. 
    
 21 
 
 Item 4A. 
   
   Executive Officers of the Registrant. 
    
 21 
 
 
   
 Part II  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 5. 
   
   Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities. 
    
 22 
 
 Item 6. 
   
   Selected Financial Data. 
    
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
   
   Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations. 
    
 26 
 
 Item 7A. 
   
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
    
 42 
 
 Item 8. 
   
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
    
 43 
 
 Item 9. 
   
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
 
    
 75 
 
 Item 9A. 
   
   Controls and Procedures. 
    
 75 
 
 Item 9B. 
   
   Other Information. 
    
 75 
 
 
   
 Part III  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 10. 
   
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
    
 76 
 
 Item 11. 
   
   Executive Compensation. 
    
 79 
 
 Item 12. 
   
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
 Matters. 
    
 79 
 
 Item 13. 
   
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 
    
 79 
 
 Item 14. 
   
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
    
 79 
 
 
   
 Part IV  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Item 15. 
   
   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
    
 80 
 
 Item 16. 
   
   Form  10-K  Summary. 
    
 85 
 
 
 
 
 
 SIGNATURES 
   
 
    
 91 
   Throughout this document, Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ) is referred to as the “Company,”
“Domino’s”, “Domino’s Pizza” or in the first-person notations of “we,” “us” and “our.”    In
this document, we rely on and refer to information regarding the U.S. quick service restaurant, or QSR, sector and the U.S. QSR pizza category from the CREST ®  report (years ending November)
prepared by The NPD Group, as well as market research reports, analyst reports and other publicly-available information. Although we believe this information to be reliable, we have not independently verified it. Domestic sales information relating
to the U.S. QSR sector and the U.S. QSR pizza category represent reported consumer spending obtained by The NPD Group’s CREST ®  report from consumer surveys. This information relates to
both our Company-owned and franchised stores.  
      1  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Part I  
 Item 1. Business.  
 Overview    Domino’s is the largest pizza company in
the world based on global retail sales, with more than 15,900 locations in over 85 markets around the world. Founded in 1960, our roots are in convenient pizza delivery, while a significant amount of our sales also come from carryout customers.
Although we are a highly-recognized global brand, we focus on serving the local neighborhoods in which we live and do business through our large global network of franchise owners and 390 U.S. Company-owned stores. On average, we and our franchisees
sell more than 3 million pizzas each day throughout our global system.    The Domino’s business model is straightforward: we handcraft and serve
quality food at a competitive price, with easy ordering access and efficient service, enhanced by our technology innovations. Our dough is generally made fresh and distributed to stores around the world by us and our franchisees.  
 Domino’s generates revenues and earnings by charging royalties and fees to our franchisees. Royalties are ongoing  percent-of-sales  fees for use of the Domino’s ®  brand marks. The Company also generates revenues and earnings by selling food, equipment and
supplies to franchisees primarily in the U.S. and Canada, and by operating a number of our own stores. Franchisees profit by selling pizza and other complementary items to their local customers. In our international markets, we generally grant
geographical rights to the Domino’s Pizza ®  brand to master franchisees. These master franchisees are charged with developing their geographical area, and they may profit by  sub-franchising  and selling food and equipment to those  sub-franchisees,  as well as by running pizza stores. Everyone in the system can benefit, including the end consumer,
who can purchase Domino’s menu items for themselves and their family conveniently and economically.    The Domino’s business model can yield
strong returns for our franchise owners and Company-owned stores. It can also yield significant cash flow to us, through a consistent franchise royalty payment and supply chain revenue stream, with moderate capital expenditures. We have historically
returned cash to shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases since becoming a publicly-traded company.   Our History  
 We pioneered the pizza delivery business and built Domino’s Pizza into one of the most widely-recognized consumer brands in the world. We have been
delivering quality, affordable food to our customers since 1960, when brothers Thomas and James Monaghan borrowed $900 to purchase a small pizza store in Ypsilanti, Michigan. Thomas purchased his brother’s share of the business shortly
thereafter. Concentrating first on building stores near college campuses and military bases in the 1960s and 1970s, the brand grew quickly in the 1980s in urban markets and near residential communities. We became “Domino’s Pizza” in
1965 and opened our first franchised store in 1967. The first international stores opened in 1983, in Canada and Australia.    Monaghan sold 93% of his
economic stake in the Company in 1998 to Bain Capital, LLC, then sold and transferred his remaining stake in the Company in 2004, when we completed our initial public offering.  
 Since 1998, the Company has been structured with a leveraged balance sheet and has completed a number of recapitalization events. The Company’s most
recent recapitalization transaction in 2018 (the “2018 Recapitalization”) primarily consisted of the issuance of $825.0 million of fixed rate notes and the repurchase and retirement of $490.0 million of previously outstanding
fixed rate notes. As of December 30, 2018, the Company had $3.53 billion in total debt, which included debt from its 2018 Recapitalization and its previous recapitalization transactions in 2017 and 2015 (the “2017
Recapitalization” and the “2015 Recapitalization,” and together with the 2018 Recapitalization, the “2018, 2017 and 2015 Recapitalizations”). Excess proceeds from our 2018, 2017 and 2015 Recapitalizations were used primarily
to repurchase shares of our common stock.    We  re-launched  our brand in the U.S. in late 2009 by introducing a new
recipe for our core pizza product. Since 2008, the majority of our menu has changed, either through the improvement of existing products or the introduction of new products, such as our Handmade Pan Pizza and Specialty Chicken. During this time
frame, we also began expanding our focus on technology through our development of innovative ordering platforms and other technological advancements, such as the launch of our Piece of the Pie
Rewards ®  loyalty program in 2015 and the launch of Domino’s Delivery HotSpots ®  in 2018. Globally, we opened our 10,000 th  store in 2012 and our 15,000 th  store in 2018. In 2013, we announced a plan requiring all stores to adopt our new
 carry-out  friendly “Pizza Theater” store design, which is more inviting to customers and allows them to see their orders being made fresh in front of them. The majority of our U.S. and international
stores have completed these remodels as of the end of 2018.  
      2  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our Industry  
 The U.S. QSR pizza category is large and fragmented. From 2008 through 2018, the U.S. QSR pizza category has grown from $32.8 billion to
$36.5 billion. It is the second-largest category within the $299.6 billion U.S. QSR sector. The U.S. QSR pizza category is primarily comprised of delivery,  dine-in  and carryout.  
 In the U.S., we compete primarily in the delivery and carryout segments of the pizza industry. We are the market share leader in the delivery segment and we
are amongst the top three chains in share in the carryout segment. Delivery segment sales of $9.8 billion in 2018 (down from $10.3 billion in 2008) account for approximately 27% of total U.S. QSR pizza. The delivery segment declined
slightly during the period from 2008 to 2012, and has increased slightly since 2012, from $9.7 billion in 2012 to $9.8 billion in 2018. The three industry leaders, including Domino’s, account for over 56% of U.S. pizza delivery, based
on reported consumer spending, with the remaining sales going to regional chains and independent establishments. From 2008 to 2018, the carryout segment grew from $14.1 billion to $17.1 billion. The four industry leaders, including
Domino’s, account for approximately 48% of the carryout segment.    In contrast to the U.S., international pizza delivery is relatively underdeveloped,
with only Domino’s and two other competitors having a significant global presence. We believe that demand for pizza and pizza delivery is large and growing throughout the world, driven by international consumers’ increasing emphasis on
convenience, and the proven success of our 35 years of conducting business abroad.    Our Competition  
 The global pizza delivery and carryout segments are highly competitive. In the U.S., we compete against regional and local companies as well as national chains
Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and Little Caesars Pizza ® . Internationally, we
compete primarily with Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and country-specific national and local pizzerias. We generally compete on the
basis of product quality, location, image, service, technology, convenience and price. Our business and those of our competitors can be affected by changes in consumer tastes, economic conditions, demographic trends and consumers’ disposable
income. We also compete on a broader scale with other food and food delivery companies. We compete not only for customers, but also for employees, suitable real estate sites and qualified franchisees.  
 Our Customers    The Company’s business is not
dependent upon a single retail customer or small group of customers, including franchisees. No customer accounted for more than 10% of total consolidated revenues in 2018, 2017 or 2016. Our largest franchisee based on store count, Domino’s
Pizza Enterprises (DMP: ASX), operates 2,383 stores in seven international markets, and accounts for 15% of our total store count. Revenues from this master franchisee accounted for 1.4% of our consolidated revenues in 2018. Our international
business unit only requires a modest amount of general and administrative expenses to support its markets and does not have costs of sales. Therefore, the vast majority of these royalty revenues result in profits to us.  
 Our Menu    We offer a menu designed to present an
attractive, quality offering to customers, while keeping it simple enough to minimize order errors and expedite order-taking and food preparation. Our basic menu features pizza products with varying sizes and crust types. Our typical store also
offers oven-baked sandwiches, pasta, boneless chicken and wings, bread side items, desserts and soft drink products. International markets vary toppings by country and culture, such as squid topping in Japan or spicy cheese in India, and often
feature regional specialty items, such as a banana and cinnamon dessert pizza in Brazil.    Store Image and Operations  
 We have been focused primarily on pizza delivery for nearly 60 years, as well as carryout as a significant component of our business. In 2012, we introduced
our carryout-friendly Pizza Theater store design; the majority of our U.S. and international stores have converted to this design as of the end of 2018. Many stores offer casual seating and enable customers to watch the preparation of their orders,
but do not offer a full-service  dine-in  experience. As a result, our stores generally do not require expensive restaurant facilities and staffing.  
      3  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our Business Segments  
 We operate, and report, three business segments: U.S. stores, international franchise and supply chain.  
 U.S. Stores    Our U.S. stores segment consists primarily
of our franchise operations, which consist of 5,486 franchised stores located in the United States. We also operate a network of 390 U.S. Company-owned stores.  
 During 2018, our U.S. stores segment accounted for $1.26 billion, or 37% of our consolidated revenues. We use our Company-owned stores as test sites for
new products and promotions as well as operational improvements. We also use them for training new store managers and operations team members, as well as developing prospective franchisees. While we are primarily a franchised business, we
continuously evaluate our mix of U.S. Company-owned and franchise stores.    We maintain a productive relationship with our independent franchise owners
through regional franchise teams, distributing materials that help franchise stores comply with our standards and using franchise advisory groups that facilitate communications between us and our franchisees.  
 U.S. Franchise Profile    As of December 30,
2018, our network of 5,486 U.S. franchise stores were owned and operated by 793 independent U.S. franchisees. Our franchise formula enables franchisees to benefit from our brand name with a relatively low initial capital investment. As of
December 30, 2018, the average U.S. franchisee owned and operated seven stores and had been in our franchise system for over 18 years. At the same time, 17 of our U.S. franchisees operated more than 50 stores (including our largest U.S.
franchisee who operated 179 stores) and 262 of our U.S. franchisees each operated one store.    We apply rigorous standards to prospective U.S. franchisees.
We generally require them to manage a store for at least one year and graduate from our franchise management school before being granted a franchise. This enables us to observe the operational and financial performance of a potential franchisee
prior to entering into a long-term contract. Substantially all of our 793 independent U.S. franchise owners started their careers with us as delivery drivers or in other  in-store  positions, which we believe
offers advantages in terms of familiarity with our business and store operations. In addition, we generally restrict the ability of U.S. franchisees to be involved in other businesses, which we believe helps focus our franchisees’ attention on
operating their stores. We believe these characteristics and standards are largely unique within the franchise industry and have resulted in qualified and focused franchisees operating Domino’s stores.  
 U.S. Franchise Agreements    We enter into franchise
agreements with U.S. franchisees under which the franchisee is generally granted the right to operate a store in a particular location for a term of ten years, with an ability to renew for an additional term of ten years. We have a franchise
contract renewal rate of approximately 99%. Under the current standard franchise agreement, we assign an exclusive area of primary responsibility to each franchised store. Each franchisee is generally required to pay a 5.5% royalty fee on sales. In
certain instances, we will collect lower rates based on new store incentives.    Our U.S. stores currently contribute 6% of their sales to fund national
marketing and advertising campaigns (subject, in certain instances, to lower rates based on certain incentives and waivers). These funds are administered by Domino’s National Advertising Fund Inc. (“DNAF”), our consolidated  not-for-profit  advertising subsidiary. The funds are primarily used to purchase media for advertising, but also support market research, field communications, public
relations, commercial production, talent payments and other activities to promote the brand. In addition to the national and market-level advertising contributions, U.S. stores spend additional funds on local store marketing activities.  
 We have the contractual right, subject to state law, to terminate a franchise agreement for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, a
franchisee’s failure to adhere to the Company’s franchise agreement, failure to make required payments, or failure to adhere to specified Company policies and standards.  
      4  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  International Franchise  
 Our international franchise segment is comprised of a network of franchised stores in more than 85 international markets. At December 30, 2018, we had
10,038 international franchise stores. During 2018, this segment accounted for $224.7 million, or 6% of our consolidated revenues. The principal sources of revenues from those operations are royalty payments generated by retail sales from
franchised stores.    Our international franchisees employ our basic standard operating model and adapt it to satisfy the local eating habits and consumer
preferences of various regions outside the U.S. Currently, the vast majority of our international stores operate under master franchise agreements.    We
believe Domino’s appeals to potential international franchisees because of our recognized brand name and technological leadership, the moderate capital expenditures required to open and operate our stores and our system’s favorable store
economics. Stores in eight of our top ten international markets in terms of store count are operated by master franchise companies that are publicly traded on stock exchanges in India (JUBLFOOD: NS), the United Kingdom (DOM: L), Mexico (ALSEA: MX),
Australia (DMP: ASX) (which operates the stores in our Australia, Japan, France and Germany markets) and Turkey (DPEU: L). The following table shows our store count as of December 30, 2018 in our top ten international markets, which accounted
for approximately 64% of our international stores as of December 30, 2018.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Market 
    
 Number of stores 
   


 
   India 
    
   
 1,195 
   
 
   United Kingdom 
    
   
 1,100 
   
 
   Mexico 
    
   
 760 
   
 
   Australia 
    
   
 693 
   
 
   Japan 
    
   
 550 
   
 
   Turkey 
    
   
 535 
   
 
   Canada 
    
   
 487 
   
 
   South Korea 
    
   
 447 
   
 
   France 
    
   
 387 
   
 
   Germany 
    
   
 283 
   
   International Franchisee Profile  
 The vast majority of our markets outside of the U.S. are operated by master franchisees with franchise and distribution rights for entire regions or countries.
In a few select markets, we franchise directly to individual store operators. Prospective master franchisees are required to possess local market knowledge to establish and develop Domino’s Pizza stores, with the ability to identify and access
targeted real estate sites, as well as expertise in local laws, customs, culture and consumer behavior. We also seek candidates that have access to sufficient capital to meet growth and development plans.  
 Master Franchise Agreements    Our master franchise
agreements generally grant the franchisee exclusive rights to develop and  sub-franchise  stores and the right to operate supply chain centers in particular geographic areas. Agreements are generally for a term
of ten years, with options to renew for additional terms. The agreements typically contain growth clauses requiring franchisees to open a minimum number of stores within a specified period. The master franchisee is generally required to pay an
initial,  one-time  franchise fee as well as an additional franchise fee upon the opening of each new store. The master franchisee is also required to pay a continuing royalty fee as a percentage of sales, which
varies among international markets, and averaged approximately 3.0% in 2018.    Supply Chain  
 Our supply chain segment operates 19 regional dough manufacturing and food supply chain centers in the U.S., one thin crust manufacturing center, one vegetable
processing center and one center providing equipment and supplies to our U.S. and certain international stores. We plan to continue investing in additional supply chain centers and capacity initiatives in the future. We also operate five dough
manufacturing and food supply chain centers in Canada. Our supply chain segment leases a fleet of more than 800 tractors and trailers. During 2018, our supply chain segment accounted for $1.94 billion, or nearly 57% of our consolidated
revenues.    Our centers produce fresh dough and purchase, receive, store and deliver quality food and other complementary items to our U.S. stores and most
of our Canadian franchised stores. We regularly supply over 6,300 stores with various food and supplies. Our supply chain segment made approximately 766,000 full-service deliveries in 2018 or approximately 2.5 deliveries per store per week, and we
produced over 573 million pounds of fresh dough during 2018.  
      5  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We believe our franchisees voluntarily choose to obtain food, supplies and equipment from us because we
offer the most efficient, convenient and cost-effective alternative, while also offering both quality and consistency. Our supply chain segment offers profit-sharing arrangements to franchisees who purchase all of their food for their stores from
our centers. These profit-sharing arrangements generally offer participating franchisees and Company-owned stores with 50% (or a higher percentage in the case of Company-owned stores and certain franchisees who operate a larger number of stores) of
their regional supply chain center’s  pre-tax  profits. We believe these arrangements strengthen our ties and provide aligned benefits with franchisees.  
 Third-Party Suppliers    Over half of our annual
food spend is with suppliers with whom we have maintained a partnership of at least 20 years. Our supply partners are required to meet strict quality standards to ensure food safety. We review and evaluate these partners’ quality assurance
programs through (among other actions)  on-site  visits, third-party audits and product evaluations to ensure compliance with our standards. We believe the length and quality of our relationships with
third-party suppliers provides us with priority service and quality products at competitive prices.    Cheese is our largest food cost. The price we charge
to our U.S. franchisees for cheese is based on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange cheddar block price, plus a supply chain markup. As cheese prices fluctuate, our revenues and margin percentages in our supply chain segment also fluctuate; however,
actual supply chain dollar margins remain unchanged. We currently purchase our U.S. pizza cheese from a single supplier. Under our September 2017 agreement, our U.S. supplier agreed to provide an uninterrupted supply of cheese and the Company agreed
to a seven-year pricing schedule to purchase all of its U.S. pizza cheese from this supplier. While we expect to meet the terms of this agreement, if we do not, we will be required to repay the certain negotiated cost savings as outlined in the
agreement. The majority of our meat toppings in the U.S. come from a single supplier under a contract that expires in June 2022. We have the right to terminate these arrangements for quality failures and for uncured breaches.  
 We are party to a multi-year agreement with Coca-Cola ®  for the contiguous U.S. This contract,
renegotiated in December 2013, provides for Coca-Cola to continue to be our exclusive beverage supplier and expires in March 2019.    We believe alternative
third-party suppliers are available for all of these referenced products. While we may incur additional costs if we are required to replace any of our supply partners, we do not believe such additional costs would have a material adverse effect on
our business. We continually evaluate each supply category to determine the optimal sourcing strategy.    We have not experienced any significant shortages
of supplies or delays in receiving our inventories or products. Prices charged to us by our supply partners are subject to fluctuation, and we have historically been able to pass increased costs and savings on to stores. We periodically enter into
supplier contracts to manage the risk from changes in commodity prices. We do not engage in speculative transactions, nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes.  
 Our Strengths    Strong Brand Equity  
 We are the largest pizza company in the world based on global retail sales. We believe our Domino’s Pizza brand is one of the most widely-recognized
consumer brands in the world. We are the recognized world leader in pizza delivery and have a significant business in carryout. We believe consumers associate our brand with the timely delivery of quality, affordable food.  
 Over the past five years, our U.S. franchise and Company-owned stores have invested an estimated $1.9 billion in national,
 co-operative  and local advertising. Our international franchisees also invest significant amounts in advertising efforts in their markets. We continue to reinforce our brand with extensive advertising through
various media channels. We have also enhanced the strength of our brand through marketing affiliations with brands such as Coca-Cola.    We are the number
one pizza delivery company in the U.S. with a 31.1% share of pizza delivery based on reported consumer spending. With 5,876 stores located in the U.S., our store delivery areas cover a majority of U.S. households. Our share position and scale allow
us to leverage our purchasing power, supply chain strength and marketing investments. We believe our scale and market coverage allow us to effectively serve our customers’ demands for convenience and timely delivery. Outside the U.S., we have
significant market share positions in many of the markets in which we compete.  
      6  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Strong and Proven Business Model  
 Our business model generates U.S. and international franchise royalties and fees, supply chain revenue and retail sales at Company-owned stores. We have
developed this model over our many years of operation and it is anchored by strong store-level economics, which provide an entrepreneurial incentive for our franchisees and historically has generated demand for new stores. Our franchise system, in
turn, has produced strong and consistent earnings for us through royalty payments and through supply chain revenues, with moderate capital expenditures by us.  
 We developed a cost-efficient store model, characterized by a delivery- and carryout-oriented store design, with moderate capital requirements and a menu of
quality, affordable items. At the store level, we believe the simplicity and efficiency of our operations give us significant advantages over our competitors, who, in many cases, also focus on  dine-in  or have
broader menu offerings. At the supply chain level, we believe we provide quality, good value and consistency for our franchise customers while also driving profits for us, which we share with our franchisees.  
 Our menu simplifies and streamlines production and delivery processes and maximizes economies of scale on purchases of our principal food items. In addition,
our stores are generally smaller and less expensive to build, furnish and maintain as compared to many other restaurant concepts. New stores built in our Pizza Theater design are often slightly larger than stores we have built in the past to create
a better experience for our carryout and  dine-in  customers; however, they are still generally smaller and less expensive than many other restaurant concepts. The combination of this efficient store model and
strong sales volume has resulted in favorable store-level financial returns and, we believe, makes Domino’s Pizza an attractive business opportunity for existing and prospective franchisees around the world. We and our franchisees are
continuing to focus on growing our store count around the world to increase our presence in all of our markets to better serve our customers.    We believe
our store economics have led to a strong, well-diversified franchise system. This established franchise system has produced strong cash flows and earnings for us, enabling us to invest in the Domino’s Pizza brand, stores, technology and
supply chain centers, pay significant dividends, repurchase and retire shares of our common stock and service our debt obligations.    Technological
Innovation    Technological innovation is vital to our brand and our long-term success. Digital ordering is critical to competing in the global pizza
industry. In 2018, more than half of all global retail sales were derived from digital channels, primarily through our online ordering website and mobile applications. We believe we are among the largest
 e-commerce  retailers in terms of annual transactions. After launching digital ordering in the U.S. in 2008, we made the strategic decision in 2010 to develop our own online ordering platform and to manage this
important and growing area of our business internally. Over the next five years, we launched mobile applications that cover 95% of the smartphones and tablets on the U.S. market. In 2013, we launched an enhanced online ordering profiles platform,
allowing customers the ability to reorder their favorite order in as few as five clicks, or 30 seconds. In 2014, we introduced “Dom,” a voice ordering application, which we believe is the first in the restaurant industry, and we also made
the Domino’s Tracker ®  available on our ordering platforms. In 2015, we introduced several innovative ordering platforms including Samsung Smart TV ® , Twitter, and text message using a pizza emoji. We continued this trend of innovation in 2016 with the introduction of  zero-click  ordering as well as
adding Google Home, Facebook Messenger, Apple Watch, and Amazon Echo to our ordering platforms. In 2017, as part of an industry-first collaboration with Ford Motor Company, we began a meaningful test of delivery using self-driving vehicles. In April
2018, we launched Domino’s Delivery HotSpots, featuring over  200,000 non-traditional delivery  locations including parks, beaches, local landmarks and other unique gathering spots.  
 The Company’s Piece of the Pie Rewards loyalty program, launched in 2015, is meant to reward customers with a program that is simple to understand and
easy to use. Upon signing up for the program, customers become rewards members and can earn points for online orders. When rewards members reach a certain amount of points, they can redeem their points for free pizza. Rewards members may also
receive exclusive members-only discounts and bonus offers. We may also occasionally provide additional opportunities for participating customers to benefit under the Piece of the Pie Rewards program.  
 All of this improved functionality has been developed to work seamlessly with our Domino’s
PULSE ™   point-of-sale  system. Our Domino’s PULSE system is designed to drive operating efficiencies for our
franchisees and our corporate management and assist franchisees in independently managing their business. We have installed Domino’s PULSE in every Company-owned store in the U.S., in more than 99% of our U.S. franchised stores and in
approximately 72% of our international stores.    We believe utilizing Domino’s PULSE with our integrated technology solutions throughout our system
provides us with competitive advantages over other concepts.   We intend to continue to enhance and grow our online ordering, digital marketing and technological capabilities.  
      7  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Product Innovation  
 In late 2009, we reintroduced our core hand-tossed pizza in the U.S. with a new recipe, which we believe has contributed to continued growth in customer
reorder rate, consumer traffic and increased sales. This recipe is now in use in other markets around the world. Our nearly 60 years of innovation have resulted in numerous new product developments, including our more recent innovations of Handmade
Pan Pizza, Specialty Chicken, Parmesan Bread Bites, Stuffed Cheesy Bread, Marbled Cookie Brownie and Bread Twists, among others. Product innovation is also present in our global markets, where our master franchisees have the ability to recommend
products to suit their local market tastes. Products include the Mayo Jaga in Japan (bacon, potatoes and sweet mayonnaise) and the Saumoneta in France (light cream, potatoes, onions, smoked salmon and dill).  
 Internal Dough Manufacturing and Supply Chain System    In
addition to generating significant revenues and earnings in the U.S. and Canada, we believe our vertically integrated dough manufacturing and supply chain system enhances the quality and consistency of our products, enhances our relationships with
franchisees and leverages economies of scale to offer lower costs to our stores. It also allows store managers to better focus on store operations and customer service by relieving them of the responsibility of mixing dough in the stores and
sourcing other ingredients. Many of our international master franchisees also profit from running supply chain businesses.    Our Ideals  
 We believe in: opportunity, hard work, inspired solutions, winning together, embracing community and uncommon honesty.  
 Opportunity abounds at Domino’s. You can start in an entry-level position and become a store owner – in fact, substantially all of our independent
U.S. franchise owners started their careers with us as delivery drivers or in other  in-store  positions. Thousands of other team members – supervisors, trainers, quality auditors, international business
consultants, marketers and executives – also began their careers in the stores. Internal growth and providing opportunities for anyone willing to work hard are the foundation of our core beliefs.  
 The ideals of inspired solutions, uncommon honesty and winning together were driving forces behind the relaunch of our brand. We were inspired by our harshest
critics when it came to the perceived taste of our pizza. Our solution was not simply more advertising; the solution was to create a new recipe and a broader menu of great-tasting products. Our marketing campaign was shockingly honest in its
approach: telling consumers (and showing them via television ads) that we heard their negative feedback and were listening. And, without the  buy-in  from our franchise owners, we couldn’t have done it. We
believe that we can’t focus solely on the Company’s success; we must focus on making our stores and our franchisees successful. That’s winning together.  
 Community Involvement    We believe in supporting the
communities we serve through donating our time, money and pizza. You can find more information about our community giving at  biz.dominos.com . Here are two organizations worthy of note:  
 Our national philanthropic partner is St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital ® . St. Jude is
internationally-recognized for its pioneering work in finding cures and saving children with cancer and other catastrophic diseases. Through a variety of internal and consumer-based activities, including a national fundraising campaign
called  St. Jude Thanks and Giving ® , the Domino’s system has contributed $57.5 million to St. Jude since our partnership began in 2004, including raising
$10.5 million in 2018. In addition to raising funds, we have supported St. Jude through  in-kind  donations, including hosting hospital-wide pizza parties for patients and their families. Our system also
helps St. Jude build awareness through the inclusion of the St. Jude logo on millions of our pizza boxes and through a link on our consumer website, as well as a St. Jude-themed Pizza Tracker during  Thanks and Giving ® .     We also support the Domino’s Pizza Partners Foundation (“the Partners
Foundation”). Founded in 1986, the mission of the Partners Foundation is “Team Members Helping Team Members.” Primarily funded by team member and franchise contributions, the foundation is a separate,  not-for-profit  organization that has disbursed more than $6.7 million over the past five years. The Partners Foundation is committed to meeting the needs of Domino’s team members facing crisis
situations, such as fire, illness, natural disasters or other personal tragedies.  
      8  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Additional Disclosures  
 Employees    As of December 30, 2018, we had
approximately 14,500 employees in our Company-owned stores, supply chain centers, World Resource Center and regional offices. None of our employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. As franchisees are independent business owners, they
and their employees are not included in our employee count. We consider our relationship with our employees and franchisees to be good. We estimate the total number of people who work in the Domino’s system, including our employees, franchisees
and the employees of franchisees, was more than 320,000 as of December 30, 2018.    Working Capital  
 Information about the Company’s working capital is included in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
in Part II, Item 7., pages 35 through 39.    Government Regulation  
 We, along with our franchisees, are subject to various federal, state and local laws affecting the operation of our business. Each store is subject to
licensing and regulation by a number of governmental authorities, which include zoning, health, safety, sanitation, building and fire agencies in the jurisdiction in which the store is located. In connection with maintaining our stores, we may be
required to expend funds to meet certain federal, state and local regulations, including regulations requiring that remodeled or altered stores be accessible to persons with disabilities. Difficulties in obtaining, or the failure to obtain, required
licenses or approvals could delay or prevent the opening of a new store in a particular area or cause an existing store to cease operations. Our supply chain facilities are also licensed and subject to similar regulations by federal, state and local
health and fire codes.    We are also subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act and various other federal and state laws governing such matters as minimum
wage requirements, overtime and other working conditions and citizenship requirements. A significant number of both our and our franchisees’ food service personnel are paid at rates related to the applicable minimum wage, and past increases in
the minimum wage have increased labor costs, as would future increases.    We are subject to the rules and regulations of the Federal Trade Commission and
various state laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises. The Federal Trade Commission and various state laws require that we furnish a franchise disclosure document containing certain information to prospective franchisees, and a number of
states require registration of the franchise disclosure document with state authorities. We are operating under exemptions from registration in several states based on the net worth of our subsidiary, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, and
experience. We believe our franchise disclosure document, together with any applicable state versions or supplements, and franchising procedures comply in all material respects with both the Federal Trade Commission guidelines and all applicable
state laws regulating franchising in those states in which we have offered franchises.    Internationally, our franchise stores are subject to national and
local laws and regulations that are often similar to those affecting our U.S. stores, including laws and regulations concerning franchises, labor, health, sanitation and safety. Our international stores are also often subject to tariffs and
regulations on imported commodities and equipment, and laws regulating foreign investment. We believe our international disclosure statements, franchise offering documents and franchising procedures comply in all material respects with the laws of
the foreign countries in which we have offered franchises.    Privacy and Data Protection  
 We are subject to a number of privacy and data protection laws and regulations globally. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data
protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increase in attention given to privacy and data protection issues with the potential to directly affect our business. This includes recently-enacted laws and regulations in the U.S. and
internationally requiring notification to individuals and government authorities of security breaches involving certain categories of personal information. We have a privacy policy posted on our website at  www.dominos.com . The security
of our financial data, customer information and other personal information is a priority for us.    Trademarks  
 We have many registered trademarks and believe that the Domino’s mark and Domino’s Pizza names and logos, in particular, have significant
value and are important to our business. Our policy is to pursue registration of our trademarks and to vigorously oppose the infringement of any of our trademarks. We license the use of our registered marks to franchisees through franchise
agreements.  
      9  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Environmental Matters  
 We are not aware of any federal, state or local environmental laws or regulations that we would expect to materially affect our earnings or competitive
position or result in material capital expenditures. However, we cannot predict the effect of possible future environmental legislation or regulations. During 2018, there were no material environmental compliance-related capital expenditures, and no
such material expenditures are anticipated in 2019.    Seasonal Operations  
 The Company’s business is not typically seasonal.  
 Backlog Orders    The Company has no backlog orders as of
December 30, 2018.    Government Contracts    No
material portion of the Company’s business is subject to renegotiation of profits or termination of contracts or subcontracts at the election of the U.S. government.  
 Available Information    The Company makes available, free
of charge, through its internet website  biz.dominos.com , its annual report  on Form 10-K, quarterly reports  on Form  10-Q,  current reports
on Form  8-K,  proxy statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a), 15(d), or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably
practicable after electronically filing such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available at  www.sec.gov . Retail orders from Domino’s stores can be made
through its internet website  dominos.com . The reference to these website addresses does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the websites and information appearing on those websites, including
 biz.dominos.com  and  dominos.com , should not be considered a part of this document.  
      10  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 1A. Risk Factors.  
 The quick service restaurant pizza category is highly competitive and such competition could adversely affect our operating results.  
 In the U.S., we compete against regional and local companies as well as national chains Pizza Hut ® ,
Papa John’s ®  and Little Caesars Pizza ® . Internationally, we compete primarily with Pizza Hut ® , Papa John’s ®  and country-specific national and local companies. We could experience increased competition from existing or new
companies in the pizza category which could create increasing pressures to grow our business in order to maintain our market share. Additionally, we face growing competition from the supermarket industry and meal kit and food delivery providers,
with the improvement of prepared food offerings and the trend towards convergence in grocery, deli, retail and restaurant services. If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, lower demand
for our products, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and the loss of market share, all of which would have an adverse effect on our operating results and could cause our stock price to decline.  
 We also compete on a broader scale with quick service and other international, national, regional and local restaurants. Competition from delivery aggregators
and other food delivery services has also increased in recent years. The overall food service market and the quick service restaurant sector are intensely competitive with respect to food quality, price, service, image, convenience and concept, and
are often affected by changes in:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   consumer tastes;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   international, national, regional or local economic conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   disposable purchasing power;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   demographic trends; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   currency fluctuations related to international operations.  
 We compete within the food service market and the quick service restaurant sector not only for customers, but also for management and hourly employees,
including drivers, suitable real estate sites and qualified franchisees. Our supply chain segment is also subject to competition from outside suppliers. While all U.S. franchisees purchased food, equipment and supplies from us in 2018, U.S.
franchisees are not required to purchase food, equipment or supplies from us and they may choose to purchase from outside suppliers. If other suppliers who meet our qualification standards were to offer lower prices or better service to our
franchisees for their ingredients and supplies and, as a result, our franchisees chose not to purchase from our U.S. supply chain centers, our financial condition, business and results of operations would be adversely affected.  
 If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes opening new U.S. and international stores, our ability to increase our revenues
and operating profits could be adversely affected.    A significant component of our growth strategy includes the opening of new U.S. and
international stores. We and our franchisees face many challenges in opening new stores, including, among others:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   availability of financing with acceptable terms;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   selection and availability of suitable new store sites and the ability to renew leases in quality locations;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   negotiation of acceptable lease or financing terms;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   securing required U.S. or foreign governmental permits, licenses and approvals;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   employment and training of qualified personnel; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   general economic and business conditions.  
 The opening of additional franchise stores also depends, in part, upon the availability of prospective franchisees who meet our criteria. Our failure to add a
significant number of new stores would adversely affect our ability to increase revenues and operating income. Additionally, our growth strategy and the success of new stores depend in large part on the availability of suitable store sites. If we
and our franchisees are not able to secure leases in desired locations on favorable terms, or to renew such leases, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.  
 We and our franchisees are currently planning to expand our U.S. and international operations in many of the markets where we currently operate and in select
new markets. This may require considerable management time as well as  start-up  expenses for market development before any significant revenues and earnings are generated. Operations in new foreign markets may
achieve low margins or may be unprofitable, and expansion in existing markets may be affected by local economic and market conditions. Therefore, as we continue to expand internationally, we or our franchisees may not experience the operating
margins we expect, our results of operations may be negatively impacted and our common stock price may decline.  
      11  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We may also pursue strategic acquisitions as part of our business. If we are able to identify acquisition
candidates, such acquisitions may be financed, to the extent permitted under our debt agreements, with substantial debt or with potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities.  
 The food service market is affected by consumer preferences and perceptions. Changes in these preferences and perceptions may reduce the demand for our
products, which would reduce sales and harm our business.    Food service businesses are affected by changes in consumer tastes, international,
national, regional and local economic conditions, and demographic trends. For instance, if prevailing health or dietary preferences cause consumers to avoid pizza and other products we offer in favor of foods that are perceived as healthier, our
business and operating results would be harmed. Moreover, because we are primarily dependent on a single product, if consumer demand for pizza should decrease, our business would suffer more than if we had a more diversified menu, as many other food
service businesses do. The preferences of customers also may change as a result of advances in technology or alternative delivery methods or channels. If we are not able to respond to these changes, or our competitors respond to these changes more
effectively, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.    Our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively
manage the accelerated impact of social media could adversely impact our business.    In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of
social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based communications that allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other persons. The rising popularity of social media
and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination. The dissemination of information via social media could harm our business, brand, reputation, marketing partners, financial condition,
and results of operations, regardless of the information’s accuracy. This could include negative publicity related to our food products or stores or negative publicity related to actions by our executives, team members or franchisees.  
 In addition, we frequently use social media to communicate with consumers and the public in general. Failure to use social media effectively could lead to a
decline in brand value and revenue. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brand, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or
malicious dissemination of false information.   Reports of food-borne illness or food tampering could reduce sales and harm our business.  
 Reports, whether true or not, of food-borne illnesses (such as E. coli, avian flu, bovine spongiform encephalopathy, hepatitis A, trichinosis or salmonella)
and injuries caused by food tampering have in the past severely injured the reputations of participants in the QSR sector and could in the future as well. The potential for acts of terrorism affecting our global food supply also exists and, if such
an event occurs, it could have a negative impact on us and could severely hurt sales and profits. In addition, our reputation is an important asset; as a result, anything that damages our reputation could immediately and severely affect our sales
and profits. Media reports of illnesses and injuries, whether accurate or not, could force some stores to close or otherwise reduce sales at such stores. Moreover, as described above, social media has dramatically increased the rate at which
negative publicity, including as it relates to food-borne illness, can be disseminated before there is any meaningful opportunity to respond to or address an issue. Even reports of food-borne illnesses or food tampering occurring solely at the
restaurants of competitors could, by resulting in negative publicity about the restaurant industry, adversely affect us on a local, regional, national or international basis.  
 We do not have long-term contracts with certain of our suppliers, and as a result they could seek to significantly increase prices or fail to deliver.
   We do not have long-term contracts or arrangements with certain of our suppliers. Although in the past we have not experienced significant
problems with our suppliers, our suppliers may implement significant price increases or may not meet our requirements in a timely fashion, or at all. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations.    Shortages or interruptions in the supply or delivery of fresh food products could adversely affect our operating results.  
 We and our franchisees are dependent on frequent deliveries of food products that meet our specifications. In addition, we have single suppliers or a limited
number of suppliers for certain of our ingredients, including pizza cheese and meat toppings. While we believe there are adequate reserve quantities and potential alternative suppliers, shortages or interruptions in the supply of food products
caused by increased demand, capacity constraints, problems in production or distribution, financial or other difficulties of suppliers, inclement weather or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of ingredients,
could adversely affect our operating results.  
      12  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Increases in food, labor and other costs could adversely affect our profitability and operating
results.    An increase in our operating costs could adversely affect our profitability. Factors such as inflation, increased food costs, increased
labor and employee health and benefit costs, increased rent costs and increased energy costs may adversely affect our operating costs. Most of the factors affecting costs are beyond our control and, in many cases, we may not be able to pass along
these increased costs to our customers or franchisees. Most ingredients used in our pizza, particularly cheese, are subject to significant price fluctuations as a result of seasonality, weather, demand and other factors. Cheese is a significant cost
to us, representing approximately  20-25%  of the market basket purchased by our Company-owned stores. Additionally, while we strive to engage in a competitive bidding process for our ingredients, because
certain of these ingredients, including meat products, may only be available from a limited number of vendors, we may not always be able to do so effectively. Furthermore, if we need to seek new suppliers, we may be subject to pricing or other terms
less favorable to us than those reflected in our current supply arrangements. Labor costs are largely a function of the minimum wage for a majority of our store personnel and certain supply chain center personnel and, generally, are also a function
of the availability of labor. Several states in which we operate have recently approved minimum wage increases. As minimum wage increases are implemented in these states or if such increases are approved and implemented in other states in which we
operate, we expect our labor costs will continue to increase. The advent of legislation aimed at predictive scheduling could impact labor for our stores and our franchisees’ stores. Additionally, while we do not currently have any unionized
employees, if a significant portion of our employees were to become unionized, our labor costs could increase and our business could be negatively affected by other union requirements that increase our costs, disrupt our business, reduce our
flexibility and impact our employee culture. Labor costs and food costs, including cheese, generally represent approximately 50% to 60% of the sales at a typical Company-owned store.  
 Any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of our dough manufacturing and supply chain centers could harm our business.  
 We operate 19 regional dough manufacturing and supply chain centers, one thin crust manufacturing center and one vegetable processing center in the U.S. and
five dough manufacturing and supply chain centers in Canada. We plan to continue investing in additional supply chain capacity in the future.    Our U.S.
dough manufacturing and supply chain centers service all of our Company-owned and U.S. franchise stores. As a result, any prolonged disruption in the operations of any of these facilities, whether due to technical or labor difficulties, destruction
or damage to the facility, real estate issues, limited capacity or other reasons, could adversely affect our business and operating results.    Our
success depends in part upon effective advertising, and lower advertising funds may reduce our ability to adequately market the Domino’s Pizza brand.  
 We have been routinely named a Leading National Advertiser by  Advertising Age . Each Domino’s store located in the contiguous U.S. is obligated to
pay a percentage of its sales in advertising fees. In fiscal 2018, each store in the contiguous U.S. generally was required to contribute 6% of their sales to DNAF (subject, in certain instances, to lower rates based on certain incentives and
waivers), which uses such fees for national advertising in addition to contributions for local market-level advertising. We currently anticipate that this 6% contribution rate will remain in place for the foreseeable future. While additional funds
for advertising in the past have been provided by us, our franchisees and other third parties, none of these additional funds are legally required. The lack of continued financial support for advertising activities could significantly curtail our
marketing efforts, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business and our operating results.    We face risks of litigation,
investigations, enforcement actions and negative publicity from customers, franchisees, suppliers, employees, regulators and others in the ordinary course of business, which can or could divert our financial and management resources. Litigation,
investigations, enforcement actions or publicity may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.    Claims of illness or
injury relating to food quality or food handling are common in the food service industry, and vehicular accidents and injuries occur in the food delivery business. Claims within our industry of improper supplier actions also occasionally arise that,
if made against one of our suppliers, could potentially damage our brand image. In addition, class action lawsuits have been filed, and may continue to be filed, against various quick service restaurants alleging, among other things, that quick
service restaurants have failed to disclose the health risks associated with  high-fat  foods and that quick service restaurant marketing practices have encouraged obesity. State attorney general offices or
other regulators may initiate investigations or enforcement actions against us. In addition to decreasing our sales and profitability and diverting our management resources, adverse publicity or a substantial settlement, fine, penalty or judgment
against us could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and brand reputation, thereby hindering our ability to attract and retain franchisees and grow our business.  
      13  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Further, we may be subject to employee, franchisee and other claims in the future based on, among other
things, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination and wage, rest break and meal break issues, and those claims relating to overtime compensation. We have been and continue to be subject to these types of claims. If one or more of these claims
were to be successful or if there is a significant increase in the number of these claims or if we receive significant negative publicity, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed.  
 Loss of key employees or our inability to attract and retain new qualified employees could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow
successfully.    Our success in the highly competitive pizza delivery and  carry-out  business will continue to
depend to a significant extent on our leadership team and other key management personnel. Although we have entered into employment agreements with Richard E. Allison Jr., and Russell J. Weiner, each of these executives may terminate his agreement on
ninety days’ notice. Our other executive officers may terminate their employment pursuant to their employment agreements at any time. As a result, we may not be able to retain our executive officers and key personnel or attract additional
qualified management. While we do not have long-term employment agreements with our executive officers, for all of our executive officers we have  non-compete  and
 non-solicitation  agreements that extend for 24 months following the termination of such executive officer’s employment. Our success will also continue to depend on our ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel to operate our stores, dough manufacturing and supply chain centers and international operations. The loss of these employees or our inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our
operating results.    Adverse global economic conditions subject us to additional risk. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are impacted by global markets and economic conditions over which neither we nor our franchisees have
control. An economic downturn, including deterioration in the economic conditions in the U.S. or international markets where we compete, may result in a reduction in the demand for our products, longer payment cycles, slower adoption of new
technologies and increased price competition.   Poor economic conditions may adversely affect the ability of our franchisees to pay royalties or amounts
owed and could have a material adverse impact on our ability to pursue our growth strategy, which would reduce cash collections and in turn, may materially and adversely affect our ability to service our debt obligations.  
 Our international operations subject us to additional risk. Such risks and costs may differ in each country in which we and our franchisees do business
and may cause our profitability to decline due to increased costs.    We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the U.S.
Our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected if global markets in which our franchise stores compete are affected by changes in political, economic or other factors. These factors, over which neither we nor our
franchisees have control, may include:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   recessionary or expansive trends in international markets;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changing labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing our foreign operations;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increases in the taxes we pay and other changes in applicable tax laws;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   tariffs and trade barriers;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   legal and regulatory changes, and the burdens and costs of our compliance with a variety of foreign laws;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in inflation rates;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in exchange rates and the imposition of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   difficulty in collecting our royalties and longer payment cycles;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   expropriation of private enterprises;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increases in anti-American sentiment and the identification of the Domino’s Pizza   brand as an American brand;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   political and economic instability and uncertainty around the world, including uncertainty arising as a result of
the United Kingdom’s referendum in June 2016 in which voters approved an exit from the European Union, commonly referred to as “Brexit”; and     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   other external factors.  
      14  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to other currencies may lead to lower
revenues and earnings.    Exchange rate fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Approximately 6.5% of our total
revenues in 2018, 7.4% of our total revenues in 2017 and 7.2% of our total revenues in 2016 were derived from our international franchise segment, a majority of which were denominated in foreign currencies. We also operate dough manufacturing and
distribution facilities in Canada, which generate revenues denominated in Canadian dollars. Sales made by franchise stores outside the U.S. are denominated in the currency of the country in which the store is located, and this currency could become
less valuable in U.S. dollars as a result of exchange rate fluctuations. Unfavorable currency fluctuations could lead to increased prices to customers outside the U.S. or lower profitability to our franchisees outside the U.S., or could result in
lower revenues for us, on a U.S. dollar basis, from such customers and franchisees. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the foreign currency rates in our international markets would have resulted in a negative impact on international royalty
revenues of approximately $20.0 million in 2018.    Our earnings and business growth strategy depends on the success of our franchisees, and we
may be harmed by actions taken by our franchisees, or employees of our franchisees, that are outside of our control.    A significant portion of our
earnings comes from royalties and fees generated by our franchise stores. Franchisees are independent operators, and their employees are not our employees. We provide tools for franchisees to use in training their employees, but the quality of
franchise store operations and our brand and branded products may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. Franchisees may not operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and requirements or they or their employees may
take other actions that adversely affect the value of our brand. In such event, our business and reputation may suffer, and as a result our revenues and stock price could decline.  
 As of December 30, 2018, we had 793 U.S. franchisees operating 5,486 U.S. stores. Seventeen of these franchisees each own and operate more than 50 U.S.
stores, including our largest U.S. franchisee who owns and operates 179 stores, and the average franchisee owns and operates seven stores.    Our
international master franchisees are generally responsible for the development of significantly more stores than our U.S. franchisees. As a result, our international operations are more closely tied to the success of a smaller number of franchisees
than our U.S. operations. Our largest international master franchisee operates 2,383 stores in seven markets, which accounts for approximately 24% of our total international store count. Our U.S. and international franchisees may not operate their
franchises successfully. If one or more of our key franchisees were to become insolvent or otherwise were unable or unwilling to pay us our royalties or other amounts owed, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.  
 We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and branded products and adversely affect
our business.    We depend in large part on our brand and branded products and believe that they are very important to our business. We rely on a
combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and similar intellectual property rights to protect our brand and branded products. The success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing trademarks in order to increase
brand awareness and further develop our branded products in both U.S. and international markets. We have registered certain trademarks and have other trademark applications pending in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Not all of the trademarks
that we currently use have been registered in all of the countries in which we do business, and they may never be registered in all of these countries. We may not be able to adequately protect our trademarks and our use of these trademarks may
result in liability for trademark infringement, trademark dilution or unfair competition. All of the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property in the U.S. and in foreign countries may not be adequate. In addition, the laws of some
foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Further, through acquisitions of third parties, we may acquire brands and related trademarks that are subject to the same risks as the brands
and trademarks we currently own.    We may, from time to time, be required to institute or defend litigation to enforce our trademarks or other intellectual
property rights, or to protect our trade secrets. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could negatively affect our sales, profitability and prospects regardless of whether we are able to successfully
enforce our rights.  
      15  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in cybersecurity, could negatively impact our
business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of confidential information, or damage to our employee and business relationships, any of which could subject us to loss and harm our brand.  
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information resources. More
specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information about customers, franchisees, suppliers
or employees. A number of retailers and other companies have recently experienced serious cyber incidents and breaches of their information technology systems. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems, both
internal and those we have outsourced. The three primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our relationships with customers, franchisees and employees and private
data exposure. In addition to maintaining insurance coverage to address cyber incidents, we have also implemented processes, procedures and controls to help mitigate these risks. However, our cyber insurance coverage may not fully cover the costs of
a cyber incident and these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our reputation and financial results will not be adversely affected by such an incident.  
 Because we and our franchisees accept electronic forms of payment from customers, our business requires the collection and retention of customer data,
including sensitive financial data and other personally identifiable information in various information systems that we and our franchisees maintain and in those maintained by third parties with whom we and our franchisees contract to provide
payment processing. A weakness in such third party’s systems or software products may provide a mechanism for a cyber threat. In recent years, a significant number of companies have experienced security breaches in which customer information
was stolen through vendor access channels. While we select our third-party suppliers carefully, cyber attacks and security breaches at a payment processing contractor could compromise confidential information or adversely affect our ability to
deliver products and services to our customers. These problems could negatively affect our results of operations, and remediation could result in significant, unplanned capital investments.  
 We also maintain important internal Company data, such as personally identifiable information about our employees and franchisees and information relating to
our operations. In addition, more than half of all global retail sales in 2018 were derived from digital channels, primarily through our online ordering website and mobile applications, where customers enter personally identifiable information that
we retain. Our use and retention of personally identifiable information is regulated by foreign, federal and state laws and regulations, as well as by certain third-party agreements. For example, the European Union adopted a new regulation that
became effective in May 2018, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, which requires companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data. As privacy and information security laws and regulations change, we may
incur additional costs to ensure that we remain in compliance with those laws and regulations. If our security and information systems are compromised or if we, our employees or franchisees fail to comply with these laws, regulations or contract
terms, or to successfully implement appropriate processes related to applicable requirements, laws and regulations governing cyber incidents could require us to notify customers, employees or other groups, and could result in adverse publicity, loss
of sales and profits, increased fees payable to third parties and penalties or remediation and other costs that could adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. Any other material disruption or other adverse event affecting
one or more of our digital ordering platforms, including, for instance, power loss, technological failures, user error or cyber attacks, could similarly result in adverse publicity, loss of sales and profits and other costs, which could adversely
affect our reputation, business and results of operations.    We may also become subject to private lawsuits or other proceedings for purportedly fraudulent
transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of our consumers’ credit or debit card information or if consumer or employee information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately. Any such claim or proceeding, or any
adverse publicity resulting from such an event, may have a material adverse effect on our business and the potential of incurring significant remediation costs.  
      16  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  We are subject to extensive government regulation and requirements issued by other groups and our
failure to comply with existing or increased regulations could adversely affect our business and operating results.    We are subject to numerous
federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, as well as requirements issued by other groups, including those relating to:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the preparation, sale and labeling of food;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   building and zoning requirements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   environmental protection;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   labor and employment, including minimum wage, overtime, insurance and other labor requirements;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   working and safety conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   franchise arrangements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   public company compliance, disclosure and governance matters;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   taxation;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   antitrust;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   discrimination;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   payment card industry standards and requirements; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   information privacy and consumer protection.  
 We are subject to a Federal Trade Commission rule and to various state and foreign laws that govern the offer and sale of franchises. These laws regulate
various aspects of the franchise relationship, including terminations and the refusal to renew franchises. The failure to comply with these laws and regulations in any jurisdiction or to obtain required government approvals could result in a ban or
temporary suspension on future franchise sales, fines or other penalties or require us to make offers of rescission or restitution, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results.  
 In 2015, the National Labor Relations Board adopted a new and broader standard for determining when two or more otherwise unrelated employers may be found to
be a joint employer of the same employees under the National Labor Relations Act. Although elements of this joint employer liability standard continue to be subject to judicial review, if this standard is generally upheld or adopted by other
government agencies such as the Department of Labor, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and/or applied generally to franchise relationships, it could cause us to be liable or held
responsible for unfair labor practices and other violations of our franchisees and subject us to other liabilities, and require us to conduct collective bargaining negotiations regarding employees of totally separate, independent employers, most
notably our franchisees. In such event, our operating expenses may increase as a result of required modifications to our business practices, increased litigation, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines
and civil liability.    The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (as amended, the “Affordable Care Act”) requires employers such as us to
provide health insurance for all qualifying employees or pay penalties for not providing coverage. The majority of the increases in these costs began in 2015, and while the incremental costs of this program have not been material to us to date, we
cannot predict what effect these costs will have on our results of operations and financial position, or the effects of the Affordable Care Act on some of our larger franchisees. Modifications to, or repeal of, all or certain provisions of the
Affordable Care Act are possible, consistent with statements made by certain elected officials.    The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “2017 Tax
Act”) was signed into law on December 22, 2017, significantly reforming the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The 2017 Tax Act, among other things, includes changes to U.S. Federal tax rates, imposes significant additional
limitations on the deductibility of interest, allows for the expensing of capital expenditures, puts into effect the migration from a “worldwide” system of taxation to a territorial system and modifies or repeals many business deductions
and credits. We continue to examine the impact the 2017 Tax Act may have on our business. The estimated impact of the 2017 Tax Act is based on our management’s current knowledge and assumptions and recognized impacts could be materially
different from current estimates based on our actual results and our further analysis of the new law. We revalued our net deferred tax assets and liabilities at the newly enacted corporate tax rate in fiscal 2017 and recorded a significantly lower
effective tax rate in 2018. Although some uncertainty remains about the effects of this new legislation on our business, we currently expect lower effective tax rates for the Company in 2018 will continue in future periods.  
 We may also become subject to legislation or regulation seeking to tax and/or regulate  high-fat  foods, foods with high
sugar and salt content, or foods otherwise deemed to be “unhealthy,” and our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation and compliance measures related to these laws or regulations.  
      17  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  If we fail to comply with existing or future laws and regulations, we may be subject to governmental or
judicial fines, sanctions and other enforcement measures.   Our current insurance coverage may not be adequate, insurance premiums for such coverage
may increase and we may not be able to obtain insurance at acceptable rates, or at all.    We have retention programs for workers’ compensation,
general liability and owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities. We are generally responsible for up to $1.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for workers’ compensation and
general liability. We are generally responsible for between $500,000 and $3.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities. Total insurance limits
under these retention programs vary depending upon the period covered and range up to $110.0 million per occurrence for general liability and owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities and up to the
applicable statutory limits for workers’ compensation. These insurance policies may not be adequate to protect us from liabilities that we incur in our business. In addition, in the future our insurance premiums may increase and we may not be
able to obtain similar levels of insurance on reasonable terms, or at all. Any such inadequacy of, or inability to obtain insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
 Our annual and quarterly financial results are subject to significant fluctuations depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our control,
and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our share price may decline significantly.    Our sales and operating
results can vary significantly from  quarter-to-quarter  and  year-to-year  depending on
various factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among other things:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   variations in the timing and volume of our sales and our franchisees’ sales;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the timing of expenditures in anticipation of future sales;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   sales promotions by us and our competitors;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in competitive and economic conditions generally;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in the cost or availability of our ingredients or labor; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   foreign currency exposure.  
 As a result, our operational performance may decline quickly and significantly in response to changes in order patterns or rapid decreases in demand for our
products. We anticipate that fluctuations in operating results will continue in the future.    Our common stock price could be subject to significant
fluctuations and/or may decline.    The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations. Among the factors that could
affect our stock price are:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   planned or actual changes to our capital or debt structure;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   variations in our operating results;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in revenues or earnings estimates or publication of research reports by analysts;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   speculation in the press or investment community;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as sales promotions, acquisitions or restructurings;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   actions by institutional and other stockholders;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in our dividend policy or any share repurchase program;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in the market values of public companies that operate in our business segments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   maintenance and growth of the value of our brand;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   significant litigation;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   legislation or other regulatory developments affecting us or our industry;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   general market conditions; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   U.S. and international economic factors unrelated to our performance.  
 The stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has sometimes been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad
market fluctuations may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.  
      18  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to plan for or
respond to changes in our business.    We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. As of December 30, 2018, our consolidated total
indebtedness was approximately $3.53 billion. We may also incur additional debt, which would not be prohibited under the terms of our current securitized debt agreements. Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences for our
business and our shareholders. For example, it could:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt agreements;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness,
thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we
operate, thereby placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our peers that may have less debt.    Further, a portion of our
indebtedness bears interest at fluctuating interest rates based on the London interbank offered rate (“LIBOR”), and there is currently uncertainty around whether LIBOR will continue to exist after 2021. If LIBOR ceases to exist, we may
need to renegotiate certain loan documents and we cannot predict what alternative index would be negotiated with our lenders. As a result, our interest expense could increase, in which event we may have difficulties making interest payments and
funding our other fixed costs, and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected.    In addition, the financial and
other covenants we agreed to with our lenders may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments, pay dividends and engage in other transactions, and the leverage may cause potential lenders to be less willing to loan funds to
us in the future. Our failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of repayment of all of our indebtedness.  
 Downgrades in our credit ratings could impact our ability to access capital and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations.    Our debt is rated by credit rating agencies. These agencies may downgrade their credit ratings for us based on the
performance of our business, our capital strategies or their overall view of our industry. There can be no assurance that any rating assigned to our currently outstanding indebtedness will remain in effect for any given period of time or that any
such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. A downgrade of our credit ratings could, among other things, increase our cost of borrowing, limit our
ability to access capital, result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that we may incur, including restrictions on our ability to pay dividends or repurchase shares, or require us to provide
collateral for future borrowings, and thereby adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.    We may be unable to
generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt service obligations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  
 Our ability to make principal and interest payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a
certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, in the amounts projected or at
all, or if future borrowings are not available to us under our variable funding notes in amounts sufficient to fund our other liquidity needs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we cannot generate
sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled principal amortization and interest payments on our debt obligations in the future, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay
capital expenditures or seek additional equity. If we are unable to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all or to effect any other action relating to our indebtedness on satisfactory terms or at all, our business
may be harmed.  
      19  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The terms of our securitized debt financing of certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries have
restrictive terms and our failure to comply with any of these terms could put us in default, which would have an adverse effect on our business and prospects.  
 Unless and until we repay all outstanding borrowings under our securitized debt, we will remain subject to the restrictive terms of these borrowings. The
securitized debt, under which certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries issued and guaranteed fixed rate notes and variable funding senior revolving notes, contain a number of covenants, with the most significant financial covenant being a debt
service coverage calculation. These covenants limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   sell assets;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   alter the business we conduct;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   engage in mergers, acquisitions and other business combinations;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness or guarantees;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   make loans and investments;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   incur liens; and      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   enter into transactions with affiliates.  
 The securitized debt also requires us to maintain specified financial ratios at the end of each fiscal quarter. These restrictions could affect our ability to
pay dividends or repurchase shares of our common stock. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not satisfy such a test. A breach of this covenant could result in a rapid amortization event
or default under the securitized debt. If amounts owed under the securitized debt are accelerated because of a default under the securitized debt and we are unable to pay such amounts, the investors may have the right to assume control of
substantially all of the securitized assets.    During the term following issuance, the outstanding senior notes will accrue interest in accordance with the
terms of the debt agreements. Additionally, our senior notes have original scheduled principal payments of $35.3 million in each of 2019 through 2021, $888.0 million in 2022, $26.3 million in each of 2023 and 2024, $1.14 billion
in 2025, $14.0 million in 2026 and $1.27 billion in 2027. In accordance with our debt agreements, the payment of principal on the outstanding senior notes shall be suspended if the leverage ratios for the Company are less than or equal to
5.0x total debt, as defined, to adjusted EBITDA, as defined, and no  catch-up  provisions are applicable. As of December 30, 2018, we also had $65.0 million outstanding under our variable funding notes
with a legal maturity date in July 2022, subject to two additional  one-year  extensions at the option of the Company, subject to certain conditions.  
 If we are unable to refinance or repay amounts under the securitized debt prior to the expiration of the term, our cash flow would be directed to the
repayment of the securitized debt and, other than a weekly management fee sufficient to cover minimal selling, general and administrative expenses, would not be available for operating our business.  
 No assurance can be given that any refinancing or additional financing will be possible when needed or that we will be able to negotiate acceptable terms. In
addition, our access to capital is affected by prevailing conditions in the financial and capital markets and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that market conditions will be favorable at the times that we require new or
additional financing.    The indenture governing the securitized debt will restrict the cash flow from the entities subject to the securitization to any of
our other entities and upon the occurrence of certain events, cash flow would be further restricted.    In the event that a rapid amortization event occurs
under the indenture (including, without limitation, upon an event of default under the indenture or the failure to repay the securitized debt at the end of its term), the funds available to us would be reduced or eliminated, which would in turn
reduce our ability to operate or grow our business.  
      20  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.  
 None.    Item 2. Properties.
   We lease approximately 270,000 square feet for our World Resource Center located in Ann Arbor, Michigan under an operating lease with Domino’s
Farms Office Park, L.L.C., an unrelated company. Under an amendment to this lease, Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. is currently constructing a new 33,000 square foot building that will be leased to the Company upon completion, which is
expected to occur in 2019. The lease, as amended, expires in 2029 and has two five-year renewal options.    We own five supply chain center buildings. We
also own two store buildings that we lease to U.S. franchisees. All other U.S. Company-owned stores are leased by us, typically under five-year leases with one or two five-year renewal options. All other U.S. and international supply chain centers
are leased by us, typically under leases ranging between five and 20 years with one or two five-year renewal options. All other franchise stores are leased or owned directly by the respective franchisees. We believe that our existing headquarters
and other leased and owned facilities are adequate to meet our current requirements.    Item 3. Legal Proceedings.  
 We are a party to lawsuits, revenue agent reviews by taxing authorities and administrative proceedings in the ordinary course of business which include,
without limitation, workers’ compensation, general liability, automobile and franchisee claims. We are also subject to suits related to employment practices.  
 Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual litigated matters is not predictable with assurance. These matters referenced
above could be decided unfavorably to us and could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts or a range of amounts that cannot be estimated with accuracy. In management’s opinion, these matters, individually and in
the aggregate, should not have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, and the established accruals adequately provide for the estimated resolution of such claims. 
 On February 14, 2011, Domino’s Pizza LLC was named as a defendant in a lawsuit along with Fischler Enterprises of C.F., Inc., a franchisee, and
Jeffrey S. Kidd, the franchisee’s delivery driver, filed by Yvonne Wiederhold, the plaintiff, as Personal Representative of the Estate of Richard E. Wiederhold, deceased. The case involved a traffic accident in which the franchisee’s
delivery driver is alleged to have caused an accident involving a vehicle driven by Richard Wiederhold. Mr. Wiederhold sustained spinal injuries resulting in quadriplegia and passed away several months after the accident. The jury returned a
$10.1 million judgment for the plaintiff where the Company and Mr. Kidd were found to be 90% liable (after certain offsets and other deductions the final verdict was $8.9 million). In the second quarter of 2016, the trial court ruled on
all post-judgment motions and entered the judgment. The Company denies liability and in the third quarter of 2016 filed an appeal of the verdict on a variety of grounds. On May 11, 2018, the court of appeals reversed and remanded the case to
the trial court for a new trial based on the plaintiff’s improper closing argument. The Company continues to deny liability in this matter.    While we
may occasionally be party to large claims, including class action suits, we do not believe that any existing matters, individually or in the aggregate, will materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  
 Not applicable.    Item 4A.
Executive Officers of the Registrant.    The listing of executive officers of the Company is set forth under Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance on pages 76 through 78, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
      21  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Part II  
 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
   As of February 14, 2019, Domino’s Pizza, Inc. had 170,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of which
41,040,704 were issued and outstanding. Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the ticker symbol “DPZ.”  
 Our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.65 per common share on February 20, 2019 payable on March 29, 2019 to shareholders of
record at the close of business on March 15, 2019.    We currently anticipate continuing the payment of quarterly cash dividends. The actual amount of
such dividends, if any, will depend upon future earnings, results of operations, capital requirements, our financial condition and certain other factors. There can be no assurance as to the amount of free cash flow that we will generate in future
years and, accordingly, dividends will be considered after reviewing returns to shareholders, profitability expectations and financing needs and will be declared at the discretion of our Board of Directors.  
 As of February 14, 2019, there were 1,565 registered holders of record of Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s common stock.  
 As of December 30, 2018, we had a Board of Directors-approved share repurchase program for up to $750.0 million of our common stock, of which
$158.8 million remained available for future purchases of our common stock. Any future purchases of our common stock would be funded by current cash amounts, available borrowings or future excess cash flow. The following table summarizes our
repurchase activity during the fourth quarter ended December 30, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
   
    
 Average Price Paid per Share 
   
    
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part
of Publicly Announced Program (2) 
   
    
 Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be 
Purchased Under the Program (in thousands) 
   


 
   Period #10 (September 10, 2018 to October 7, 2018) 
    
   
 5,574 
   
    
 $ 
 276.41 
   
    
   
 4,424 
   
    
 $ 
 319,595 
   
 
   Period #11 (October 8, 2018 to November 4, 2018) 
    
   
 331,613 
   
    
   
 264.29 
   
    
   
 330,291 
   
    
   
 232,305 
   
 
   Period #12 (November 5, 2018 to December 2, 2018) 
    
   
 76,562 
   
    
   
 254.79 
   
    
   
 75,391 
   
    
   
 213,119 
   
 
   Period #13 (December 3, 2018 to December 30, 2018) 
    
   
 226,270 
   
    
   
 240.11 
   
    
   
 226,270 
   
    
   
 158,788 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 640,019 
   
    
 $ 
 254.71 
   
    
   
 636,376 
   
    
 $ 
 158,788 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   3,643 shares were purchased as part of the Company’s employee stock purchase discount plan. During the
fourth quarter, the shares were purchased at an average price of $274.26.  
 
 
 (2) 
   From December 31, 2018 through February 14, 2019, the Company repurchased and retired an additional
33,549 shares of common stock for a total of approximately $8.1 million, or an average price of $242.74 per share. Authorization for the repurchase program may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time. The repurchase of shares in any
particular period and the actual amount of such purchases remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors, and no assurance can be given that shares will be repurchased in the future.  
      22  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  The following comparative stock performance line graph compares the cumulative shareholder return on the
common stock of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ) for the five-year period between December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2018, with cumulative total return on (i) the Total Return Index for the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE
Composite Index”), (ii) the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index (the “S&P 500”) and (iii) the peer group, the Standard & Poor’s 400 Restaurant Index (the “S&P 400 Restaurant Index”).
Management believes that the companies included in the S&P 400 Restaurant Index appropriately reflect the scope of the Company’s operations and match the competitive market in which the Company operates. The cumulative total return
computations set forth in the performance graph assume the investment of $100 in the Company’s common stock, the NYSE Composite Index, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 400 Restaurant Index on December 31, 2013.  
     


 
  
      23  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 6. Selected Financial Data.  
 The following selected financial data set forth should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to, Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Form  10-K.  The selected financial data, with the exception of store counts and same
store sales growth, has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and subsidiaries. This historical data is not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any future period.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal year ended (8) 
   
 
   (dollars in millions, except per share data) 
    
 December 30, 2018 (4) (5) 
   
   
 December 31, 2017 (6) 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   
   
 January 3, 2016 (7) 
   
   
 December 28, 2014 
   


 
   Income statement data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 514.8 
   
   
 $ 
 490.8 
   
   
 $ 
 439.0 
   
   
 $ 
 396.9 
   
   
 $ 
 348.5 
   
 
   U.S. franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 391.5 
   
   
   
 351.4 
   
   
   
 312.3 
   
   
   
 272.8 
   
   
   
 230.2 
   
 
   U.S. franchise advertising (1) 
    
   
 358.5 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   U.S. stores 
    
   
 1,264.8 
   
   
   
 842.2 
   
   
   
 751.3 
   
   
   
 669.7 
   
   
   
 578.7 
   
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,943.3 
   
   
   
 1,739.0 
   
   
   
 1,544.3 
   
   
   
 1,383.2 
   
   
   
 1,262.5 
   
 
   International franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 224.7 
   
   
   
 206.7 
   
   
   
 177.0 
   
   
   
 163.6 
   
   
   
 152.6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 3,432.9 
   
   
   
 2,788.0 
   
   
   
 2,472.6 
   
   
   
 2,216.5 
   
   
   
 1,993.8 
   
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 2,130.2 
   
   
   
 1,922.0 
   
   
   
 1,704.9 
   
   
   
 1,533.4 
   
   
   
 1,399.1 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 1,302.7 
   
   
   
 866.0 
   
   
   
 767.7 
   
   
   
 683.1 
   
   
   
 594.8 
   
 
   General and administrative expense 
    
   
 372.5 
   
   
   
 344.8 
   
   
   
 313.6 
   
   
   
 277.7 
   
   
   
 249.4 
   
 
   U.S. franchise advertising (1) 
    
   
 358.5 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 571.7 
   
   
   
 521.2 
   
   
   
 454.0 
   
   
   
 405.4 
   
   
   
 345.4 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3.3 
   
   
   
 1.5 
   
   
   
 0.7 
   
   
   
 0.3 
   
   
   
 0.1 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (146.3 
 )  
   
   
 (122.5 
 )  
   
   
 (110.1 
 )  
   
   
 (99.5 
 )  
   
   
 (86.9 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 428.7 
   
   
   
 400.2 
   
   
   
 344.7 
   
   
   
 306.2 
   
   
   
 258.6 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 66.7 
   
   
   
 122.2 
   
   
   
 130.0 
   
   
   
 113.4 
   
   
   
 96.0 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 362.0 
   
   
 $ 
 277.9 
   
   
 $ 
 214.7 
   
   
 $ 
 192.8 
   
   
 $ 
 162.6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 8.65 
   
   
 $ 
 6.05 
   
   
 $ 
 4.41 
   
   
 $ 
 3.58 
   
   
 $ 
 2.96 
   
 
   Common stock – diluted 
    
   
 8.35 
   
   
   
 5.83 
   
   
   
 4.30 
   
   
   
 3.47 
   
   
   
 2.86 
   
 
   Dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 2.20 
   
   
 $ 
 1.84 
   
   
 $ 
 1.52 
   
   
 $ 
 1.24 
   
   
 $ 
 1.00 
   
 
   Balance sheet data (at end of period): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 25.4 
   
   
 $ 
 35.8 
   
   
 $ 
 42.8 
   
   
 $ 
 133.4 
   
   
 $ 
 30.9 
   
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 167.0 
   
   
   
 191.8 
   
   
   
 126.5 
   
   
   
 180.9 
   
   
   
 121.0 
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents included in advertising fund assets, restricted 
    
   
 45.0 
   
   
   
 27.3 
   
   
   
 25.1 
   
   
   
 19.9 
   
   
   
 25.1 
   
 
   Working capital (2) 
    
   
 14.6 
   
   
   
 (10.3 
 )  
   
   
 (34.3 
 )  
   
   
 45.7 
   
   
   
 41.8 
   
 
   Total assets 
    
   
 907.4 
   
   
   
 836.8 
   
   
   
 716.3 
   
   
   
 799.8 
   
   
   
 596.3 
   
 
   Total debt net of debt issuance cost 
    
   
 3,531.6 
   
   
   
 3,153.8 
   
   
   
 2,187.9 
   
   
   
 2,240.8 
   
   
   
 1,500.6 
   
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (3,039.9 
 )  
   
   
 (2,735.4 
 )  
   
   
 (1,883.1 
 )  
   
   
 (1,800.3 
 )  
   
   
 (1,219.5 
 )  
 
      24  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal year ended (8) 
   
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 December 30, 2018 (4) (5) 
   
   
 December 31, 2017 (6) 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   
   
 January 3, 2016 (7) 
   
   
 December 28, 2014 
   


 
   Other financial data: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
 $ 
 53.7 
   
   
 $ 
 44.4 
   
   
 $ 
 38.1 
   
   
 $ 
 32.4 
   
   
 $ 
 35.8 
   
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 119.7 
   
   
   
 90.3 
   
   
   
 61.5 
   
   
   
 62.4 
   
   
   
 71.8 
   
 
   Same store sales growth (3): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
   
 4.8 
 %  
   
   
 8.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
   
   
 12.2 
 %  
   
   
 6.2 
 %  
 
   U.S. franchise stores 
    
   
 6.8 
 %  
   
   
 7.6 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
   
 11.9 
 %  
   
   
 7.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   U.S. stores 
    
   
 6.6 
 %  
   
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
   
 12.0 
 %  
   
   
 7.5 
 %  
 
   International stores 
    
   
 3.5 
 %  
   
   
 3.4 
 %  
   
   
 6.3 
 %  
   
   
 7.8 
 %  
   
   
 6.9 
 %  
 
   Store counts (at end of period): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
   
 390 
   
   
   
 392 
   
   
   
 392 
   
   
   
 384 
   
   
   
 377 
   
 
   U.S. franchise stores 
    
   
 5,486 
   
   
   
 5,195 
   
   
   
 4,979 
   
   
   
 4,816 
   
   
   
 4,690 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   U.S. stores 
    
   
 5,876 
   
   
   
 5,587 
   
   
   
 5,371 
   
   
   
 5,200 
   
   
   
 5,067 
   
 
   International stores 
    
   
 10,038 
   
   
   
 9,269 
   
   
   
 8,440 
   
   
   
 7,330 
   
   
   
 6,562 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stores 
    
   
 15,914 
   
   
   
 14,856 
   
   
   
 13,811 
   
   
   
 12,530 
   
   
   
 11,629 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The adoption of ASC 606 in 2018 resulted in the recognition of $358.5 million in revenue in 2018 related
to U.S. franchise contributions to DNAF. In prior years, under accounting standards in effect at that time, we had presented these contributions net with the related disbursements in our consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the adoption of this new accounting standard.  
 
 
 (2) 
   The working capital amounts exclude restricted cash and cash equivalents, advertising fund assets, restricted,
and advertising fund liabilities.  
 
 
 (3) 
   Same store sales growth is calculated including only sales from stores that also had sales in the comparable
period of the prior year. International same store sales growth is calculated similarly to U.S. same store sales growth. Changes in international same store sales are reported on a constant dollar basis which reflects changes in international local
currency sales. The 53 rd  week in fiscal 2015 had no impact on reported same store sales growth amounts.  
 
 
 (4) 
   In 2018, the Company began managing its franchised stores in Alaska and Hawaii as part of its U.S. Stores
segment. Prior to 2018, store counts and retail sales from these franchised stores were included in the Company’s international stores in the table above. Consolidated results of the Company have not been impacted by this change and prior year
amounts have not been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation due to immateriality.  
 
 
 (5) 
   In connection with our 2018 Recapitalization, the Company issued $825.0 million of fixed rate notes. A
portion of the proceeds from the 2018 Recapitalization was used to repay the remaining $490.1 million in outstanding principal and interest under the Company’s 2015 five-year fixed rate notes,
 pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2018 Notes, pay transaction fees and expenses and repurchase and retire shares of the Company’s common stock. Refer to Note 4 of the
consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to the 2018 Recapitalization.  
 
 
 (6) 
   In connection with our 2017 Recapitalization, the Company issued $1.9 billion of fixed and floating rate
notes. A portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization was used to repay the remaining $910.2 million in outstanding principal under the Series  2012-1  5.216% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2  (the “2012 Fixed Rate Notes”),  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2017 fixed and floating rate notes and pay transaction
fees and expenses. The Company also used a portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization to enter into a $1.0 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement to repurchase the Company’s common stock. Refer to Note 4 of the
consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to the 2017 Recapitalization.  
 
 
 (7) 
   In connection with our 2015 Recapitalization, the Company issued $1.3 billion of fixed rate notes. A
portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization was used to make an optional prepayment of approximately $551.3 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, at par, pay scheduled principal  catch-up  amounts on its 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, make an interest reserve deposit,  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2015 fixed rate notes and pay
transaction fees and expenses. The Company also used a portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization to enter into a $600.0 million accelerated share repurchase agreement to repurchase the Company’s common stock. Refer to Note 4
of the consolidated financial statements for additional detail related to the 2015 Recapitalization.  
 
 
 (8) 
   The 2015 fiscal year includes 53 weeks and the 2018, 2017, 2016, and 2014 fiscal years each include 52 weeks.
 
      25  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations.    Overview    Our
fiscal year typically includes 52 weeks, comprised of three twelve-week quarters and one sixteen-week quarter. Every five or six years our fiscal year includes an extra (or 53 rd ) week in the
fourth quarter. Fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 each consisted of 52 weeks.    Description of the Business  
 Domino’s is the largest pizza company in the world based on global retail sales, with more than 15,900 locations in over 85 markets around the world.
Founded in 1960, our roots are in convenient pizza delivery, while a significant amount of our sales also come from carryout customers. Although we are a highly-recognized global brand, we focus on serving the local neighborhoods in which we live
and do business through our large network of franchise owners and Company-owned stores. On average, we and our franchisees sell more than 3 million pizzas each day throughout our global system.  
 Our business model is straightforward: we handcraft and serve quality food at a competitive price, with easy ordering access and efficient service, enhanced
by our technology innovations. Our dough is generally made fresh and distributed to stores around the world by us and our franchisees.    Domino’s
generates revenues and earnings by charging royalties to our franchisees. Royalties are ongoing  percent-of-sales  fees for use of the Domino’s brand marks. The
Company also generates revenues and earnings by selling food, equipment and supplies to franchisees primarily in the U.S. and Canada, and by operating a number of our own stores. Franchisees profit by selling pizza and other complementary items to
their local customers. In our international markets, we generally grant geographical rights to the Domino’s Pizza brand to master franchisees. These master franchisees are charged with developing their geographical area, and they may profit by  sub-franchising  and selling food and equipment to those  sub-franchisees,  as well as by running pizza stores. Everyone in the system can benefit, including the end consumer,
who can purchase Domino’s menu items for themselves and their family conveniently and economically.    Our business model can yield strong returns for
our franchise owners and Company-owned stores. It can also yield significant cash flow to us, through a consistent franchise royalty payment and supply chain revenue stream, with moderate capital expenditures. We have historically returned cash to
shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases since becoming a publicly-traded company.   Fiscal 2018 Highlights  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global retail sales (which are total retail sales at Company-owned and franchised stores worldwide) increased
10.6% as compared to 2017.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Same store sales increased 6.6% in our U.S. stores and increased 3.5% in our international stores.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our revenues increased 23.1%.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our income from operations increased 9.7%.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our net income increased 30.3%.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our diluted earnings per share increased 43.2%.  
 The adoption of Accounting Standards Codification 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (“ASC 606”) in 2018 resulted in the recognition
of $358.5 million in revenue in 2018 related to U.S. franchise contributions to Domino’s National Advertising Fund Inc. (“DNAF”), our consolidated
 not-for-profit  advertising fund. In 2017, under accounting standards in effect at that time, we had presented these contributions net with the related disbursements in
our consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the adoption of this new accounting standard.  
 During 2018, we continued our rapid global expansion with the opening of 1,058 net new stores. Our international franchise segment led the way with 800 net
new store openings, including the opening of our 10,000 th  international store. We also continued our strong U.S. and international same store sales performance with 31 straight quarters of
positive U.S. same store sales and 100 straight quarters of positive international same store sales. Our Domino’s Piece of the Pie Rewards loyalty program continues to contribute to our U.S. same store sales performance. Additionally, we
remained focused on growing online ordering and improving the digital customer experience through our technology platforms, including the recent launch of Domino’s Delivery HotSpots. Our emphasis on technology innovation helped the
Domino’s system generate more than half of global retail sales from digital channels in 2018. Overall, we believe our focus in 2018 on global growth and technology will continue to strengthen our brand in the future.  
      26  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Fiscal 2017 Highlights      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Global retail sales increased 12.7% as compared to 2016.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Same store sales increased 7.7% in our U.S. stores and increased 3.4% in our international stores.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our revenues increased 12.8%.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our income from operations increased 14.8%.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our net income increased 29.5%.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Our diluted earnings per share increased 35.6%.  
 During 2017, we continued our rapid global expansion with the opening of 1,045 net new stores. Our international franchise segment led the way with 829 net
new store openings. We continued our focus on growing online ordering and the digital customer experience as well as other technological advancements. In 2017, as part of an industry-first collaboration with Ford Motor Company, Domino’s began a
meaningful test of delivery using self-driving vehicles. Our emphasis on technology innovation helped the Domino’s system generate more than half of global retail sales from digital channels in 2017.  
 Critical accounting policies and estimates    The following
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of
these financial statements requires our management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, our
management evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, long-lived and intangible assets, insurance and legal matters, share-based payments and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results
may differ from those estimates. Changes in our accounting policies and estimates could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition for any particular period. We believe that our most critical accounting policies and
estimates are:    Revenue recognition . We earn revenues through our network of U.S. Company-owned and franchised stores, dough manufacturing and
supply chain centers and international operations. Retail sales from franchise stores are reported to the Company by its franchisees and are not included in Company revenues. Retail sales from Company-owned stores and royalty revenues resulting from
the retail sales from franchised stores are recognized as revenues when the items are delivered to or carried out by customers. Retail sales are generally reported and related royalties paid to the Company based on a percentage of retail sales, as
specified in the related standard franchise agreement (generally 5.5% of U.S. franchise retail sales and, on average, 3.0% of international franchise retail sales). The Company also generates revenues from U.S. franchise advertising contributions to
DNAF, its consolidated  not-for-profit  advertising fund (generally 6.0% of U.S. franchise retail sales). Although these revenues are restricted to be used only for
advertising and promotional activities to benefit franchised stores, the Company has determined there are not performance obligations associated with the franchise advertising contributions received by DNAF that are separate from its U.S. royalty
payment stream and as a result, these franchise contributions and the related expenses are presented gross in the Company’s consolidated statement of income.  
 Revenues from Company-owned stores and revenues from franchised stores (including U.S. franchise royalties and fees and U.S. franchise advertising revenues)
can fluctuate from  time-to-time  as a result of store count and sales level changes. This can occur when a Company-owned store is sold to a franchisee. If a Company-owned
store that generated $1,000,000 in revenue in fiscal 2017 was sold to a franchisee in fiscal 2018, revenues from Company-owned stores would have declined by $1,000,000 in fiscal 2018, while U.S. franchise royalty revenues would have increased by
$55,000 and U.S. franchise advertising revenues would have increased by $60,000 in fiscal 2018, as we generally collect 5.5% of a U.S. franchisee’s retail sales as royalty revenue and 6.0% of a U.S. franchisee’s retail sales for
advertising contributions. Sales of food from our supply chain centers are recognized as revenues upon delivery of the food to franchisees, while sales of equipment and supplies are generally recognized as revenues upon shipment of the related
products to franchisees.  
      27  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Long-lived and intangible assets.  We record long-lived assets, including property, plant and
equipment and capitalized software, at cost. For acquisitions of franchise operations, we estimate the fair values of the assets and liabilities acquired based on physical inspection of assets, historical experience and other information available
to us regarding the acquisition. We depreciate and amortize long-lived assets using useful lives determined by us based on historical experience and other information available to us. We evaluate the potential impairment of long-lived assets at
least annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Our evaluation is based on various analyses, including the projection of undiscounted cash flows. For Company-owned
stores, we perform related impairment tests on an operating market basis, which the Company has determined to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other cash flows. If the carrying amount of a long-lived
asset exceeds the amount of the expected future undiscounted cash flows of that asset, the Company estimates the fair value of the asset. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is
recognized and the asset is written down to its estimated fair value.    We have not made any significant changes in the methodology used to project the
future market cash flows of Company-owned stores during the years presented. Same store sales fluctuations and the rates at which operating costs will fluctuate in the future are key factors in evaluating recoverability of the related assets. If our
same store sales significantly decline or if operating costs increase and we are unable to recover these costs, the carrying value of our Company-owned stores, by market, may be unrecoverable and we may be required to recognize an impairment charge.
   A significant portion of our goodwill relates to acquisitions of U.S. franchise stores and is included in our U.S. stores segment, specifically, in our
Company-owned stores division. We evaluate goodwill annually for impairment by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit (which is primarily determined using the present value of future cash flows) to its carrying value. If the carrying value
of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value, goodwill would be impaired. We have not made any significant changes in the methodology used to evaluate goodwill impairment during the years presented. At December 30, 2018, the fair value of our
business operations with associated goodwill exceeded their recorded carrying value, including the related goodwill. If cash flows generated by our Company-owned stores were to decline significantly in the future or there were negative revisions to
the market multiple assumption, we may be required to recognize a goodwill impairment charge. However, based on the latest impairment analysis, we do not believe it is reasonably likely that there could be changes in assumptions that would trigger
impairment. The Company did not record any impairment charges during fiscal 2018, fiscal 2017 or fiscal 2016.    We adopted ASU  2017-04,   Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment  (“ASU  2017-04”)  during 2018. ASU  2017-04  simplifies the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating “Step 2” from the goodwill impairment test. As the fair value of our business operations exceeded their recorded carrying value in
“Step 1” of the impairment test, the adoption of this standard did not have an impact on our evaluation of goodwill impairment.    Insurance
and legal matters.  We are a party to lawsuits and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management closely monitors these legal matters and estimates the probable costs for the resolution of such matters. These estimates
are primarily determined by consulting with both internal and external parties handling the matters and are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. Legal judgments can be volatile
and difficult to predict. Accordingly, if our estimates relating to legal matters proved inaccurate for any reason, we may be required to increase or decrease the related expense in future periods. We had accruals for legal matters of approximately
$1.9 million at December 30, 2018 and $1.7 million at December 31, 2017.    For certain periods prior to December 1998 and for periods
after December 2001, we maintain insurance coverage for workers’ compensation, general liability and owned and  non-owned  auto liability under insurance policies requiring payment of a deductible for each
occurrence up to between $500,000 and $3.0 million, depending on the policy year and line of coverage. The related insurance reserves are based on undiscounted independent actuarial estimates, which are based on historical information along
with assumptions about future events. Specifically, various methods, including analyses of historical trends and actuarial valuation methods, are utilized to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported. The
actuarial valuation methods develop estimates of the future ultimate claim costs based on the claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. When estimating these liabilities, several factors are considered, including the severity, duration and
frequency of claims, legal cost associated with claims, healthcare trends and projected inflation.  
      28  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Our methodology for determining our exposure has remained consistent throughout the years presented.
Management believes that the various assumptions developed and actuarial methods used to determine our self-insurance reserves are reasonable and provide meaningful data that management uses to make its best estimate of our exposure to these risks.
Changes in assumptions for such factors as medical costs and legal actions, as well as changes in actual experience, could cause our estimates to change in the near term which could result in an increase or decrease in the related expense in future
periods. A 10% change in our self-insurance liability at December 30, 2018 would have affected our income before provision for income taxes by approximately $5.3 million for fiscal 2018. We had accruals for insurance matters of
approximately $53.3 million at December 30, 2018 and $51.4 million at December 31, 2017.    Share-based payments.  We recognize
compensation expense related to our share-based compensation arrangements over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value of the awards. The grant date fair value of each restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock
award is equal to the market price of our stock on the date of grant. The grant date fair value of each stock option award is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The pricing model requires assumptions, including the expected life
of the stock option, the risk-free interest rate, the expected dividend yield and expected volatility of our stock over the expected life, which significantly impact the assumed fair value. We account for forfeitures as they occur. Additionally, our
stock option, restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock arrangements provide for accelerated vesting and the ability to exercise during the remainder of the  ten-year  stock option life upon the
retirement of individuals holding the awards who have achieved specified service and age requirements.    Management believes that the methods and various
assumptions used to determine compensation expense related to these arrangements are reasonable, but if the assumptions change significantly for future grants, share-based compensation expense will fluctuate in future years.  
 Income taxes.  We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax
basis of assets and liabilities. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using current enacted tax rates that will apply in the years in which we expect the temporary differences to be recovered or paid. Judgment is required in determining
the provision for income taxes, related reserves and deferred tax assets and liabilities. These include establishing a valuation allowance related to the ability to realize certain deferred tax assets, if necessary. On an ongoing basis, management
will assess whether it remains more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. The Company did not have any valuation allowances recorded for deferred tax assets as of December 30, 2018 or December 31, 2017. Our
accounting for deferred tax assets represents our best estimate of future events. Our net deferred tax assets assume that we will generate sufficient taxable income in specific tax jurisdictions, based on our estimates and assumptions. Changes in
our current estimates due to unanticipated events could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.    The amounts recorded
on the balance sheet relating to uncertain tax positions consider the ultimate resolution of revenue agent reviews based on estimates and assumptions. We believe we have appropriately accounted for our uncertain tax positions; however, tax audits,
changes in tax laws and other unforeseen matters may result in us owing additional taxes. We adjust our reserves for uncertain tax positions when facts and circumstances change or due to the passage of time. The completion of a tax audit or the
expiration of a statute of limitations associated with uncertain tax positions are examples of situations when we may adjust our reserves. Management believes that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and that we have adequately provided
for these matters. However, to the extent the final tax outcome of these matters is different than our recorded amounts, we may be required to adjust our tax reserves resulting in additional income tax expense or benefit in future periods.  
 Same Store Sales Growth      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 (1) 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
   
 4.8 
 %  
   
   
 8.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
 
   U.S. franchise stores 
    
   
 6.8 
 %  
   
   
 7.6 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   U.S. stores 
    
   
 6.6 
 %  
   
   
 7.7 
 %  
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
 
   International stores (excluding foreign currency impact) 
    
   
 3.5 
 %  
   
   
 3.4 
 %  
   
   
 6.3 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   In the first quarter of 2018, the Company began managing its franchised stores in Alaska and Hawaii as part of
its U.S. Stores segment. Prior to 2018, store counts, retail sales and royalty revenues from these franchised stores were included in the Company’s international operations in the tables above. Consolidated results of the Company have not been
impacted by this change and prior year amounts have not been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation due to immateriality.  
      29  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Store Growth Activity      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 U.S. Company- owned Stores 
   
   
 U.S. Franchise Stores 
   
   
 Total U.S. Stores 
   
   
 International Stores 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Store count at January 3, 2016 
    
   
 384 
   
   
   
 4,816 
   
   
   
 5,200 
   
   
   
 7,330 
   
   
   
 12,530 
   
 
   Openings 
    
   
 8 
   
   
   
 186 
   
   
   
 194 
   
   
   
 1,178 
   
   
   
 1,372 
   
 
   Closings 
    
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 (68 
 )  
   
   
 (91 
 )  
 
   Transfers 
    
   
 1 
   
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at January 1, 2017 
    
   
 392 
   
   
   
 4,979 
   
   
   
 5,371 
   
   
   
 8,440 
   
   
   
 13,811 
   
 
   Openings 
    
   
 16 
   
   
   
 213 
   
   
   
 229 
   
   
   
 891 
   
   
   
 1,120 
   
 
   Closings 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 (62 
 )  
   
   
 (75 
 )  
 
   Transfers 
    
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 16 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at December 31, 2017 
    
   
 392 
   
   
   
 5,195 
   
   
   
 5,587 
   
   
   
 9,269 
   
   
   
 14,856 
   
 
   Openings 
    
   
 12 
   
   
   
 255 
   
   
   
 267 
   
   
   
 916 
   
   
   
 1,183 
   
 
   Closings 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 (116 
 )  
   
   
 (125 
 )  
 
   Transfers (1) 
    
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 45 
   
   
   
 31 
   
   
   
 (31 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Store count at December 30, 2018 
    
   
 390 
   
   
   
 5,486 
   
   
   
 5,876 
   
   
   
 10,038 
   
   
   
 15,914 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   Income Statement Data      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 2018 (1) (2) 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 514.8 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 490.8 
   
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 439.0 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 391.5 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 351.4 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 312.3 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,943.3 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,739.0 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,544.3 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   International franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 224.7 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 206.7 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 177.0 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. franchise advertising 
    
   
 358.5 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 —   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 3,432.9 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 2,788.0 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
   
 2,472.6 
   
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
   
 398.2 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 377.7 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 331.9 
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,732.0 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,544.3 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,373.1 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 2,130.2 
   
   
   
 62.1 
 %  
   
   
 1,922.0 
   
   
   
 68.9 
 %  
   
   
 1,704.9 
   
   
   
 69.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 1,302.7 
   
   
   
 37.9 
 %  
   
   
 866.0 
   
   
   
 31.1 
 %  
   
   
 767.7 
   
   
   
 31.0 
 %  
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 372.5 
   
   
   
 10.8 
 %  
   
   
 344.8 
   
   
   
 12.4 
 %  
   
   
 313.6 
   
   
   
 12.7 
 %  
 
   U.S. franchise advertising 
    
   
 358.5 
   
   
   
 10.4 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 571.7 
   
   
   
 16.7 
 %  
   
   
 521.2 
   
   
   
 18.7 
 %  
   
   
 454.0 
   
   
   
 18.3 
 %  
 
   Interest expense, net 
    
   
 (143.0 
 )  
   
   
 (4.2 
 )%  
   
   
 (121.1 
 )  
   
   
 (4.3 
 )%  
   
   
 (109.4 
 )  
   
   
 (4.4 
 )%  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 428.7 
   
   
   
 12.5 
 %  
   
   
 400.2 
   
   
   
 14.4 
 %  
   
   
 344.7 
   
   
   
 13.9 
 %  
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 66.7 
   
   
   
 2.0 
 %  
   
   
 122.2 
   
   
   
 4.4 
 %  
   
   
 130.0 
   
   
   
 5.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 362.0 
   
   
   
 10.5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 277.9 
   
   
   
 10.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 214.7 
   
   
   
 8.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   In 2018, the Company began managing its franchised stores in Alaska and Hawaii as part of its U.S. Stores
segment. Prior to 2018, store counts, retail sales and royalty revenues from these franchised stores were included in the Company’s international operations in the tables above. Consolidated results of the Company have not been impacted by this
change and prior year amounts have not been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation due to immateriality. Also, see Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the store transfers between
U.S. Company-owned stores and U.S. franchise stores.  
 
 
 (2) 
   The adoption of ASC 606 in 2018 resulted in the recognition of $358.5 million in revenue in 2018 related
to U.S. franchise contributions to DNAF. In prior years, under accounting standards in effect at that time, we had presented these contributions net with the related disbursements in our consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 1 to the
consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the adoption of this new accounting standard.  
      30  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  2018 compared to 2017  
 (tabular amounts in millions, except percentages)    Revenues.
 Revenues primarily consist of retail sales from our Company-owned stores, royalties, advertising contributions and fees from our U.S. franchised stores, royalties and fees from our international franchised stores and sales of food, equipment and
supplies from our supply chain centers to all of our U.S. franchised stores and certain international franchised stores. Company-owned store and franchised store revenues may vary from period to period due to changes in store count mix. Supply chain
revenues may vary significantly as a result of fluctuations in commodity prices as well as the mix of products we sell.    Consolidated revenues increased
$644.9 million or 23.1% in 2018. The adoption of ASC 606 in 2018 resulted in the recognition of $358.5 million in revenue in 2018 related to U.S. franchise contributions to DNAF. In 2017, under accounting standards in effect at that time,
we had presented these contributions net with the related disbursements in our consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the adoption of this new accounting
standard. The remaining increase was due primarily to higher supply chain food volumes as well as higher U.S. franchise, Company-owned store and international franchise revenues resulting from retail sales growth. These changes in revenues are more
fully described below.    U.S. stores.  Revenues from U.S. stores are primarily comprised of retail sales from U.S. Company-owned store operations and
royalties, advertising contributions and other fees from U.S. franchised stores, as summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 514.8 
   
    
   
 40.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 490.8 
   
    
   
 58.3 
 %  
 
   U.S. franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 391.5 
   
    
   
 31.0 
 %  
   
   
 351.4 
   
    
   
 41.7 
 %  
 
   U.S. franchise advertising 
    
   
 358.5 
   
    
   
 28.3 
 %  
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. stores revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,264.8 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 842.2 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   U.S. stores revenues increased $422.6 million, or 50.2%, in 2018. This increase was driven by the adoption of ASC 606,
which requires a gross presentation of U.S. franchise advertising contributions in our consolidated statement of income, as well as higher royalty revenues earned on higher franchise same store sales and an increase in the average number of stores
open in 2018 as compared to the prior year. Higher U.S. Company-owned same store sales also contributed to the increase in revenue. These changes in U.S. stores revenues are more fully described below.  
 U.S. Company-owned stores.  Revenues from U.S. Company-owned store operations increased $24.0 million or 4.9% in 2018 due primarily to a 4.8%
increase in same store sales as compared to 2017.    U.S. franchise royalties and fees.  Revenues from U.S. franchise operations increased
$40.1 million or 11.4% in 2018. The increase was driven by a 6.8% increase in same store sales as compared to 2017 and an increase in the average number of stores open during the year. Revenues further benefited from higher fees paid by
franchisees for the use of our internally developed technology platforms. U.S. franchise royalties and fees were reduced by $17.9 million in 2018 due to the adoption of ASC 606, primarily related to the reclassification of certain advertising
revenues from U.S. franchise royalties and fees to U.S. franchise advertising revenues.    U.S. franchise advertising . Revenues from U.S. franchise
advertising contributions were $358.5 million in 2018. In years prior to 2018, based on accounting guidance in effect at the time, the U.S. franchise advertising contributions were shown net with the related disbursements in our consolidated
statement of income. In 2018, we adopted ASC 606, which required these revenues and expenses to be presented gross on our consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related
to the adoption of this new accounting standard.    Supply chain.  Revenues from supply chain operations are primarily comprised of sales of food,
equipment and supplies from our supply chain centers to all of our U.S. franchised stores and certain international franchised stores, as summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   U.S. supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,760.8 
   
    
   
 90.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,574.9 
   
    
   
 90.6 
 %  
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 182.5 
   
    
   
 9.4 
 %  
   
   
 164.1 
   
    
   
 9.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,943.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,739.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      31  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  U.S. supply chain.  U.S. supply chain revenues increased $185.9 million or 11.8% in 2018, driven
primarily by higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level, higher market basket pricing to stores and store count growth. Our market basket pricing to stores increased 4.0% during 2018, which resulted in an estimated
$52.9 million increase in U.S. supply chain revenues.    International supply chain.  International supply chain revenues increased
$18.4 million or 11.2% in 2018, driven primarily by higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level.    International franchise
royalties and fees.  International franchise revenues primarily consist of royalties from retail sales and other fees from our international franchise stores. Revenues from international franchise operations increased $18.0 million or 8.7%
in 2018. This increase was due primarily to an increase in the average number of international stores open during 2018 as well as higher same store sales. The negative impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates of approximately
$1.1 million in 2018 partially offset these increases. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, same store sales increased 3.5% in 2018 compared to 2017.  
 Cost of sales / Operating margin.  Consolidated cost of sales consists primarily of U.S. Company-owned store and supply chain costs incurred to generate
related revenues. Components of consolidated cost of sales primarily include food, labor and occupancy costs. The changes to the consolidated operating margin, which we define as revenues less cost of sales are summarized in the following table.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Consolidated revenues 
    
 $ 
 3,432.9 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,788.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Consolidated cost of sales 
    
   
 2,130.2 
   
    
   
 62.1 
 %  
   
   
 1,922.0 
   
    
   
 68.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated operating margin 
    
 $ 
 1,302.7 
   
    
   
 37.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 866.0 
   
    
   
 31.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $436.7 million or 50.4% increase in consolidated operating margin was primarily driven by the adoption of ASC 606,
which requires a gross presentation of U.S. franchise advertising contributions on our consolidated statement of income. Higher U.S. and international franchise revenues, as well as higher supply chain and Company-owned store margins also
contributed to the increased operating margin in 2018. Franchise royalties and fees and U.S. franchise advertising revenues do not have a cost of sales component, so changes in these revenues have a disproportionate effect on the operating margin.
   As a percentage of total revenues, our consolidated operating margin increased 6.8 percentage points in 2018 due primarily to the adoption of ASC 606,
which requires a gross presentation of U.S. franchise advertising contributions on our consolidated statement of income. Company-owned store operating margin decreased 0.4 percentage points in 2018 and supply chain operating margin decreased 0.3
percentage points in 2018. These changes in margin are more fully discussed below.    U.S. Company-owned stores.  The changes to U.S. Company-owned
store operating margin, which do not include other store-level costs such as royalties and advertising, are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 514.8 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 490.8 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 398.2 
   
    
   
 77.3 
 %  
   
   
 377.7 
   
    
   
 76.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Store operating margin 
    
 $ 
 116.6 
   
    
   
 22.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 113.2 
   
    
   
 23.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $3.4 million or 3.1% increase in the U.S. Company-owned store operating margin was due primarily to higher same store
sales and lower insurance expense but was partially offset by higher food and labor costs. As a percentage of store revenues, the store operating margin decreased 0.4 percentage points in 2018, as discussed in more detail below.  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Food costs increased 0.7 percentage points to 27.4% in 2018, due primarily to higher food prices.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Labor costs increased 0.6 percentage points to 30.1% in 2018, due primarily to an increase in labor rates in
certain markets.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Insurance costs decreased 0.4 percentage points to 3.0% in 2018, due primarily to better claims experience and
leveraging of higher same store sales.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Occupancy costs, which include rent, telephone, utilities and depreciation, decreased 0.2 percentage points to
7.7%, due primarily to the leveraging of higher same store sales.  
      32  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Supply chain.  The changes to the supply chain operating margin are summarized in the following table.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,943.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,739.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,732.0 
   
    
   
 89.1 
 %  
   
   
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 88.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Supply chain operating margin 
    
 $ 
 211.3 
   
    
   
 10.9 
 %  
   
 $ 
 194.7 
   
    
   
 11.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $16.6 million or 8.5% increase in the supply chain operating margin was due primarily to higher volumes from
increased store orders. As a percentage of supply chain revenues, the supply chain operating margin decreased 0.3 percentage points in 2018, due primarily to higher delivery and labor costs, offset in part by procurement savings.  
 General and administrative expenses.  General and administrative expenses increased $27.7 million, or 8.0%, in 2018 due primarily to continued
investments in technological initiatives and other strategic areas. Higher expense related to professional fees, advertising and stock compensation also contributed to the increase. General and administrative expenses were reduced by
$17.1 million in 2018 due to the adoption of ASC 606, primarily related to the reclassification of certain advertising expenses from general and administrative expenses to U.S. franchise advertising expenses.  
 U.S. franchise advertising . U.S. franchise advertising expenses were $358.5 million in 2018. In years prior to 2018, U.S. franchise advertising
expenses were shown net with the related contributions in our consolidated statement of income. In 2018, we adopted ASC 606, which required these revenues and expenses to be presented gross on our consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 1 to
the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the adoption of this new accounting standard.    Interest income. 
Interest income increased $1.9 million to $3.3 million in 2018 due to a higher average cash balance and higher interest rates on our cash equivalents.  
 Interest expense.  Interest expense increased $23.8 million to $146.3 million in 2018. This increase was driven by higher average borrowings
resulting from our 2018 Recapitalization and 2017 Recapitalization, offset in part by a lower weighted average borrowing rate in 2018. We also recorded approximately $3.3 million of incremental interest expense in 2018 in connection with the
2018 Recapitalization. During 2017, we recorded $5.8 million of incremental interest expense in connection with our 2017 Recapitalization.    The
Company’s weighted average borrowing rate decreased to 4.0% in 2018 from 4.2% in 2017 due to the lower interest rates on the debt outstanding 2018 as compared 2017.  
 Provision for income taxes.  Provision for income taxes decreased $55.5 million to $66.7 million in 2018 due primarily to a lower effective
tax rate resulting from the lower federal statutory rate of 21% related to the 2017 Tax Act enacted in December 2017. Lower excess tax benefits on equity-based compensation, which are recorded as a reduction to the income tax provision, partially
offset this decrease. Excess tax benefits recorded were lower by $3.4 million in 2018 as compared to 2017. The effective tax rate decreased to 15.6% in 2018 as compared to 30.6% in 2017.  
 2017 compared to 2016    (tabular amounts in millions,
except percentages)    Revenues.  Consolidated revenues increased $315.4 million or 12.8% in 2017. The increase was due primarily to higher supply
chain food volumes as well as higher Company-owned store, U.S. franchise and international franchise revenues resulting from same store sales and store count growth. These changes in revenues are more fully described below.  
 U.S. stores.  U.S. stores revenues are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 490.8 
   
    
   
 58.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 439.0 
   
    
   
 58.4 
 %  
 
   U.S. franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 351.4 
   
    
   
 41.7 
 %  
   
   
 312.3 
   
    
   
 41.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. stores revenues 
    
 $ 
 842.2 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 751.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Higher U.S. Company-owned same store sales, royalty revenues earned on higher franchise same store sales and an increase in
the average number of stores open drove an increase in overall U.S. store revenues of $90.9 million or 12.1%. These results are more fully described below.  
 U.S. Company-owned stores.  Revenues from U.S. Company-owned store operations increased $51.8 million or 11.8% in 2017. This increase was due to an
8.7% increase in same store sales as compared to 2016 and an increase in the average number of stores open during the year.  
      33  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  U.S. franchise royalties and fees.  Revenues from U.S. franchise operations increased
$39.1 million or 12.5% in 2017. The increase was driven by a 7.6% increase in same store sales as compared to 2016 and an increase in the average number of stores open during the year. Revenues further benefited from higher fees paid by
franchisees for the use of our internally developed technology platforms.    Supply chain.  Supply chain revenues are summarized in the following
table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   U.S. supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,574.9 
   
    
   
 90.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,408.8 
   
    
   
 91.2 
 %  
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 164.1 
   
    
   
 9.4 
 %  
   
   
 135.5 
   
    
   
 8.8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total supply chain 
    
 $ 
 1,739.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   U.S. supply chain.  U.S. supply chain revenues increased $166.1 million or 11.8% in 2017. These increases were
primarily attributable to higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level as well as store count growth. Our market basket pricing to stores increased 1.7% during 2017, which resulted in an estimated $18.8 million increase in U.S.
supply chain revenues.    International supply chain.  Revenues from international supply chain operations increased $28.6 million or 21.1% in
2017, driven primarily by higher volumes from increased order counts at the store level. The positive impact of foreign currency exchange rates of $3.4 million in 2017 also contributed to the increases.  
 International franchise royalties and fees.  Revenues from international franchise operations increased $29.7 million or 16.8% in 2017. This
increase was due to an increase in the average number of international stores open during 2017 as well as higher same store sales and an increase in technology fees and was offset slightly by the negative impact of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates of approximately $0.8 million in 2017. Excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, same store sales increased 3.4% in 2017 compared to 2016.  
 Cost of sales / Operating margin.  The changes to the consolidated operating margin are summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Consolidated revenues 
    
 $ 
 2,788.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 2,472.6 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Consolidated cost of sales 
    
   
 1,922.0 
   
    
   
 68.9 
 %  
   
   
 1,704.9 
   
    
   
 69.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated operating margin 
    
 $ 
 866.0 
   
    
   
 31.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 767.7 
   
    
   
 31.0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $98.3 million or 12.8% increase in consolidated operating margin was due to higher U.S. and international franchise
revenues as well as higher supply chain and Company-owned store margins. Franchise revenues do not have a cost of sales component, so changes in franchise revenues have a disproportionate effect on the consolidated operating margin.  
 As a percentage of total revenues, our consolidated operating margin increased 0.1 percentage points in 2017 due to a higher mix of franchise revenues and
higher supply chain margin as a percentage of supply chain revenues. Company-owned store operating margin decreased 1.3 percentage points during 2017. These changes in margin are more fully discussed below.  
 U.S. Company-owned stores.  The changes to U.S. Company-owned store operating margin are summarized in the following table.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 490.8 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 439.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 377.7 
   
    
   
 76.9 
 %  
   
   
 331.9 
   
    
   
 75.6 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Store operating margin 
    
 $ 
 113.2 
   
    
   
 23.1 
 %  
   
 $ 
 107.2 
   
    
   
 24.4 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $6.0 million or 5.6% increase in the U.S. Company-owned store operating margin was due primarily to higher same store
sales and an increase in the average number of stores open during the year.  
      34  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  As a percentage of store revenues, the store operating margin decreased 1.3 percentage points in 2017, as
discussed in more detail below.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Food costs increased 0.1 percentage points to 26.7% in 2017, due primarily to higher overall commodity prices.
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Labor costs increased 0.7 percentage points to 29.5% in 2017, due primarily to an increase in labor rates in
certain markets. The leveraging of higher same store sales partially offset this increase.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Insurance costs increased 0.6 percentage points to 3.4% in 2017, due primarily to incremental insurance expense
related to updated independent actuarial estimates for our casualty insurance program.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Occupancy costs, which include rent, telephone, utilities and depreciation, decreased 0.2 percentage points to
7.9% in 2017, due primarily to the leveraging of higher same store sales.    Supply chain.  The changes to the supply chain
operating margin are summarized in the following table.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Revenues 
    
 $ 
 1,739.0 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
   Cost of sales 
    
   
 1,544.3 
   
    
   
 88.8 
 %  
   
   
 1,373.1 
   
    
   
 88.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Supply chain operating margin 
    
 $ 
 194.7 
   
    
   
 11.2 
 %  
   
 $ 
 171.3 
   
    
   
 11.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The $23.4 million or 13.7% increase in the supply chain operating margin was due primarily to higher volumes from
increased store orders.    As a percentage of supply chain revenues, the supply chain operating margin increased 0.1 percentage point in 2017 due primarily
to procurement savings. Increased labor and delivery costs partially offset this increase.    General and administrative expenses.  General and
administrative expenses increased $31.2 million or 9.9% in 2017, primarily driven by continued investments in technological initiatives (primarily in  e-commerce  and information technology) as well as
investments in other strategic areas. Higher Company-owned store national advertising contributions resulting from higher same store sales also contributed to the increase. These increases were partially offset by lower performance-based
compensation expense and a  pre-tax  gain recognized from the sale of 17 Company-owned stores during the fourth quarter of 2017 of $4.0 million.  
 Interest income.  Interest income increased $0.8 million to $1.5 million in 2017.  
 Interest expense.  Interest expense increased $12.4 million to $122.5 million in 2017. This increase was driven by higher average borrowings
and approximately $5.8 million of expenses related to the 2017 Recapitalization. These expenses include a $5.5 million  write-off  of debt issuance costs and $0.3 million of interest expense that
was incurred on the 2012 debt subsequent to the closing of the 2017 Recapitalization but prior to the repayment of the 2012 debt. The increase in interest expense was offset in part by a lower weighted-average borrowing rate.  
 Our average outstanding debt balance, excluding capital lease obligations, was approximately $2.63 billion in 2017 and approximately $2.23 billion
in 2016. The increase in the average outstanding debt balance was due to the issuance of debt in connection with the 2017 Recapitalization. Our weighted average borrowing rate decreased to 4.2% in fiscal 2017, from 4.6% in fiscal 2016. The decreases
in the Company’s cash borrowing rate resulted from the lower interest rates on the debt issued as part of the 2017 Recapitalization.    Provision
for income taxes.  Provision for income taxes decreased $7.8 million to $122.2 million in 2017. Although  pre-tax  income increased in 2017, the effective tax rate decreased, primarily as a result
of the Company’s adoption of ASU  2016-09,   Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (“ASU
 2016-09”),  which requires tax benefits on equity-based compensation to be recorded as a reduction to the income tax provision. The adoption of this standard benefitted the provision for income taxes by
$27.2 million in 2017. The effective tax rate decreased to 30.6% in 2017 as compared to 37.7% in 2016.    Liquidity and capital resources  
 Historically, we have operated with minimal positive working capital or negative working capital, primarily because our receivable collection periods and
inventory turn rates are faster than the normal payment terms on our current liabilities. We generally collect our receivables within three weeks from the date of the related sale and we generally experience 35 to 45 inventory turns per year. In
addition, our sales are not typically seasonal, which further limits our working capital requirements. These factors, coupled with the use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, invest in our business, pay
dividends and repurchase our common stock, reduce our working capital amounts. As of December 30, 2018, we had working capital of $14.6 million, excluding restricted cash and cash equivalents of $167.0 million, advertising fund
assets, restricted, of $112.7 million and advertising fund liabilities of $107.2 million. Working capital includes total unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of $25.4 million.  
      35  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  As of December 30, 2018, we had approximately $130.3 million of restricted cash held for future
principal and interest payments, $36.5 million of restricted cash held in a three-month interest reserve as required by the related debt agreements and $0.2 million of other restricted cash for a total of $167.0 million of restricted
cash and cash equivalents. As of December 30, 2018, we also held $45.0 million of advertising fund restricted cash and cash equivalents, which can only be used for activities that promote the Domino’s Pizza brand.  
 Our primary source of liquidity is cash flows from operations and availability of borrowings under our variable funding notes. In connection with the 2017
Recapitalization, the Company issued a variable funding note facility which allows for advances of up to $175.0 million of Series  2017-1  Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-1  Notes and certain other credit instruments, including letters of credit (the “2017 Variable Funding Notes”). As of December 30, 2018, we had $65.0 million of outstanding borrowings
and $61.9 million of available borrowing capacity under our 2017 Variable Funding Notes, net of letters of credit issued of $48.1 million. The letters of credit are primarily related to our casualty insurance programs and certain supply
chain center leases. Borrowings under the 2017 Variable Funding Notes are available to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and, subject to other limitations, other general corporate purposes including dividend payments and
share repurchases.    2018 Recapitalization    On
April 24, 2018, we completed the 2018 Recapitalization in which certain of our subsidiaries issued new notes pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The notes consisted of $425.0 million
 Series 2018-1 4.116%  Fixed Rate Senior Secured  Notes, Class A-2-I with  an anticipated term of 7.5 years
(the  “2018 7.5-Year Fixed  Rate Notes”), and $400.0 million  Series 2018-1 4.328%  Fixed Rate Senior Secured  Notes, Class A-2-II with  an anticipated term of 9.25 years (the  “2018 9.25-Year Fixed  Rate Notes”
and, collectively with the  2018 7.5-Year Fixed  Rate Notes, the “2018 Notes”) in an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Gross proceeds from the
issuance of the 2018 Notes were $825.0 million. Additional information related to the 2018 Recapitalization transaction is included in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.  
 A portion of the proceeds from the 2018 Recapitalization was used to repay the remaining $490.1 million in outstanding principal and interest under the
Company’s 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate  Notes, pre-fund a  portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2018 Notes, pay transaction fees and expenses and repurchase and retire shares of the
Company’s common stock. In connection with the repayment of the 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes, the Company expensed approximately $3.2 million for the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs associated with these notes. Additionally,
in connection with the 2018 Recapitalization, the Company capitalized $8.2 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the expected terms of the 2018 Notes.  
 2017 Recapitalization    On July 24, 2017, we
completed the 2017 Recapitalization in which certain of our subsidiaries issued new notes pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The notes consisted of $300.0 million Series  2017-1  Floating Rate
Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  with an anticipated term of five years (the “2017 Five-Year Floating Rate Notes”), $600.0 million Series  2017-1  3.082% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  with an anticipated term of five years (the “2017 Five-Year Fixed
Rate Notes”), and $1.0 billion Series  2017-1  4.118% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-III  with an
anticipated term of 10 years (the “2017  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes” and, collectively with the 2017 Five-Year Floating Rate Notes and the 2017 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes, the “2017 Fixed and
Floating Rate Notes”) in an offering exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The interest rate on the 2017 Five-Year Floating Rate Notes is payable at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 125 basis points. The 2017 Fixed
and Floating Rate Notes and the 2017 Variable Funding Notes are collectively referred to as the “2017 Notes”. Gross proceeds from the issuance of the 2017 Notes were $1.9 billion. Additional information related to the 2017
Recapitalization transaction is included in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.    A portion of proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization was
used to repay the remaining $910.5 million in outstanding principal and interest under the outstanding 2012 Fixed Rate Notes,  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2017 Notes and
pay transaction fees and expenses. In connection with the repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, we expensed approximately $5.5 million for the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs associated with these notes. Additionally, in connection
with the 2017 Recapitalization, we capitalized $16.8 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the five and  ten-year  expected terms of the 2017 Fixed and
Floating Rate Notes.  
      36  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  On August 2, 2017, we entered into a $1.0 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement (the
“2017 ASR Agreement”) with a counterparty. Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 ASR Agreement, on August 3, 2017, we used a portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization to pay the counterparty $1.0 billion in cash and
received 4,558,863 shares of the Company’s common stock. Final settlement of the 2017 ASR Agreement occurred on October 11, 2017. In connection with the 2017 ASR Agreement, we received and retired a total of 5,218,670 shares of our common
stock at an average price of $191.62.    2015 Recapitalization  
 On October 21, 2015, we completed the 2015 Recapitalization in which certain of our subsidiaries, among other things, replaced $551.3 million of the
2012 Fixed Rate Notes and its 2012 variable funding notes with new notes issued pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The notes consisted of $500.0 million of Series  2015-1  3.484% Fixed Rate Senior
Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  (the “2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes”), $800.0 million Series  2015-1  4.474% Fixed
Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  (the “2015  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes” and collectively with the 2015
Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes, the “2015 Fixed Rate Notes”) and $125.0 million of Series  2015-1  Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-1  (the
“2015 Variable Funding Notes” and, collectively with the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes, the “2015 Notes”). Gross proceeds from the issuance of the 2015 Notes were $1.3 billion. The 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes were repaid in
connection with the 2018 Recapitalization. Additional information related to the 2015 Recapitalization transaction is included in Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements. The “2018 Notes,” the “2017 Fixed and Floating Rate
Notes” and the “2015 Fixed Rate Notes” are collectively referred to as the “2018, 2017 and 2015 Notes.”    In connection with the
2015 Recapitalization, we used a portion of proceeds to make an optional prepayment of approximately $551.3 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, at par, pay scheduled principal
 catch-up  amounts on the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, make an interest reserve deposit,  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes
and pay transaction fees and expenses. In connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, we recorded $17.4 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the five and
 ten-year  expected terms of the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes. Additionally, in connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, we wrote off approximately $6.9 million of these costs in connection with the
extinguishment of $551.3 million of previous fixed rate notes. Further, in connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, we incurred approximately $8.1 million of net expenses.  
 On October 27, 2015, we entered into a $600.0 million accelerated share repurchase agreement (the “2015 ASR Agreement”) with a
counterparty. Pursuant to the terms of the 2015 ASR Agreement, on October 30, 2015, we used a portion of the proceeds from the 2015 Recapitalization to pay the counterparty $600.0 million in cash and received approximately 4,858,994 shares
of the Company’s common stock. During the first quarter of 2016, we received and retired 456,936 shares of our common stock in connection with the final settlement of the 2015 ASR Agreement.  
 2018, 2017 and 2015 Notes    The 2018, 2017 and 2015 Notes
have original scheduled principal payments of $35.3 million in each of 2019 through 2021, $888.0 million in 2022, $26.3 million in each of 2023 and 2024, $1.14 billion in 2025, $14.0 million in 2026 and $1.27 billion in
2027. However, in accordance with our debt agreements, the payment of principal on the outstanding senior notes shall be suspended if the leverage ratio for the Company is less than or equal to 5.0x total debt, as defined, to adjusted EBITDA, as
defined, and no  catch-up  provisions are applicable. As of December 30, 2018, we also had $65.0 million outstanding under our variable funding notes with a legal maturity date in July 2022, subject to
two additional  one-year  extensions at the option of the Company, subject to certain conditions.    The 2018, 2017
and 2015 Notes are subject to certain financial and  non-financial  covenants, including a debt service coverage calculation, as defined in the related agreements. In the event that certain covenants are not
met, the 2018, 2017 and 2015 Notes may become due and payable on an accelerated schedule.    Under the provisions of the Company’s previously existing
debt agreements, during the first and second quarters of 2017, the Company met the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x and accordingly, did not make previously scheduled debt amortization payments in accordance with the debt agreements.
Subsequent to the 2017 Recapitalization and through 2018, the Company’s leverage ratios exceeded the new maximum leverage ratio of 5.0x and, accordingly, the Company began making the scheduled amortization payments.  
      37  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Share Repurchase Programs  
 The Company’s open market share repurchase programs have historically been funded by excess operating cash flows, excess proceeds from our
recapitalization transactions and borrowings under our variable funding notes. The Company used cash of approximately $591.2 million in 2018, $1.06 billion in 2017 and $300.3 million in 2016 for share repurchases. The Company’s
Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $750.0 million of the Company’s common stock on February 14, 2018. The Company had approximately $158.8 million left under this share repurchase program
as of December 30, 2018. From December 31, 2018 through February 14, 2019, the Company repurchased and retired an additional 33,549 shares of common stock for a total of approximately $8.1 million, or an average price of $242.74
per share.    Capital Expenditures    In the past three
years, we have invested approximately $268.5 million in capital expenditures. In 2018, we invested $119.9 million in capital expenditures which primarily related to investments in our supply chain centers, our digital ordering platform,
our proprietary internally developed  point-of-sale  system (Domino’s PULSE), our internal enterprise systems, asset upgrades and reimages for our existing
Company-owned stores and new Company-owned stores. We did not have any material commitments for capital expenditures as of December 30, 2018.    The
following table illustrates the main components of our cash flows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   (In millions) 
    
 December 30, 2018 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 (1) 
   
    
 January 1, 2017 (1) 
   


 
   Cash Flows Provided By (Used In) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 394.2 
   
    
 $ 
 341.3 
   
    
 $ 
 292.5 
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (88.3 
 )  
    
   
 (83.7 
 )  
    
   
 (55.3 
 )  
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (322.8 
 )  
    
   
 (197.1 
 )  
    
   
 (375.8 
 )  
 
   Exchange rate changes 
    
   
 (0.5 
 )  
    
   
 0.1 
   
    
   
 (1.3 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 (17.4 
 )  
    
 $ 
 60.4 
   
    
 $ 
 (139.9 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   In 2018, the Company adopted  ASU 2016-18,  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Restricted Cash , which requires that restricted cash and cash equivalents be included as components of total cash and cash equivalents as presented on the consolidated statement of cash flows. The prior year
amounts have been recast. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the adoption of this new accounting standard.  
 Operating Activities    Cash provided by operating
activities increased $52.9 million in 2018, primarily due to an increase in net income of $84.1 million. This increase was partially offset by the negative impact of changes in operating assets and liabilities of $32.1 million. Our
cash outflows for operating assets and liabilities in 2018 were higher than in 2017 due primarily to higher inventory balances and the timing of payments on accounts payable and accrued liabilities.  
 Cash provided by operating activities increased $48.8 million in 2017 from 2016, primarily due to an increase in net income of $63.2 million. Net
income in 2017 included a $27.2 million benefit from the adoption of ASU  2016-09,  which requires tax benefits on equity-based compensation to be recorded as a reduction to the provision from income taxes
in net income and as a component of cash provided by operating activities. In 2016, these tax benefits were recorded directly to stockholders’ deficit and as a financing activity in the statement of cash flows. Cash provided by operating
activities was also positively impacted by an increase in  non-cash  amounts of $18.1 million. These increases were offset in part by the negative impact of changes in operating assets and liabilities of
$32.5 million, primarily related to the timing of payments on accounts payable and accrued liabilities during 2017 as compared to 2016.    We are
focused on continually improving our net income and cash flow from operations and management expects to continue to generate positive cash flows from operating activities for the foreseeable future.  
      38  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Investing Activities  
 Cash used in investing activities was $88.3 million in 2018, which consisted primarily of $119.9 million of capital expenditures (driven primarily by
investments in supply chain centers, technology initiatives and our Company-owned stores) and purchases of restricted advertising fund investments of $70.2 million. These uses of cash were partially offset by maturities of restricted
advertising fund investments of $94.0 million. The Company adopted ASC 606 in the first quarter of 2018, which superseded the agency guidance the Company historically applied to present advertising fund activities net in the Company’s
consolidated statement of cash flows. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the Company’s adoption of ASC 606. These uses of cash were offset in part by the proceeds from the sale of
assets of $8.4 million.    Cash used in investing activities was $83.7 million in 2017, which consisted primarily of $90.0 million of capital
expenditures (driven by investments in our technological initiatives, supply chain centers and Company-owned stores), offset in part by the proceeds from the sale of assets of $6.8 million.  
 Cash used in investing activities was $55.3 million in 2016, which consisted primarily of $58.6 million of capital expenditures (driven by
investments related to the reimaging of our existing Company-owned stores and investments in our supply chain centers and training facilities, our proprietary internally developed
 point-of-sale  system, our digital ordering platform, our internal enterprise systems and other technology initiatives), offset in part by proceeds from the sale of
assets of $4.9 million.    Financing Activities  
 Cash used in financing activities was $322.8 million in 2018. We issued $825.0 million of debt in connection with our 2018 Recapitalization and
borrowed $145.0 million under our variable funding notes. However, these increases in cash were offset by repayments of long-term debt of $604.1 million (of which $490.0 million was an optional prepayment on our 2015 Five-Year Fixed
Rate Notes using a portion of the proceeds received from the 2018 Recapitalization and $80.0 million related to the repayment of borrowings under the 2017 Variable Funding Notes), purchases of common stock of $591.2 million, funding
dividend payments to our shareholders of $92.2 million, and cash paid for financing costs related to our 2018 Recapitalization of $8.2 million. We also received proceeds of $9.8 million from the exercise of stock options and made
$7.0 million in tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting.    Cash used in financing activities was $197.1 million in 2017. We issued
$1.9 billion of debt in connection with our 2017 Recapitalization, which was offset by purchases of common stock of $1.06 billion, repayments of long-term debt of $928.2 million (of which, $910.2 million was repayment of the
remaining 2012 Fixed Rate Notes using a portion of the proceeds received from the 2017 Recapitalization), funding dividend payments to our shareholders of $84.3 million, and cash paid for financing costs related to our 2017 Recapitalization of
$16.8 million. We also made $9.4 million in tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting and received proceeds of $6.1 million from the exercise of stock options.  
 Cash used in financing activities was $375.8 million in 2016. Purchases of common stock totaled $300.3 million, repayments of long-term debt and
capital lease obligations totaled $122.3 million, and funding dividend payments to our shareholders totaled $73.9 million. The net tax impact of equity-based compensation was $42.5 million, proceeds from issuance of debt (from our
draws on our variable funding note facility) totaled $63.0 million, and proceeds from the exercise of stock options totaled $15.2 million.    Our
ability to continue to fund these items and continue to reduce debt could be adversely affected by the occurrence of any of the events described in Item 1A. Risk Factors. There can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash
flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available under the 2017 Variable Funding Notes or otherwise to enable us to service our indebtedness, or to make anticipated capital expenditures. Our future operating performance and our
ability to service, extend or refinance the 2018, 2017 and 2015 Notes and to service, extend or refinance the 2017 Variable Funding Notes will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, many of which are
beyond our control.    Impact of inflation    Inflation
did not have a material impact on our operations in 2018, 2017 or 2016. Severe increases in inflation, however, could affect the global and U.S. economies and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Further discussion on the impact of commodities and other cost pressures is included above as well as in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
      39  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  New accounting pronouncements  
 The impact of new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2018 and the estimated impact of new accounting pronouncements that we will adopt in future years is
included in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.    Contractual obligations  
 The following is a summary of our significant contractual obligations at December 30, 2018.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (dollars in millions) 
    
 2019 
   
    
 2020 
   
    
 2021 
   
    
 2022 
   
    
 2023 
   
    
 Thereafter 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Long-term debt (1): 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Principal 
    
 $ 
 35.3 
   
    
 $ 
 35.3 
   
    
 $ 
 35.3 
   
    
 $ 
 953.0 
   
    
 $ 
 26.3 
   
    
 $ 
 2,457.1 
   
    
 $ 
 3,542.1 
   
 
   Interest (2) 
    
   
 142.0 
   
    
   
 144.0 
   
    
   
 141.4 
   
    
   
 125.7 
   
    
   
 104.8 
   
    
   
 281.9 
   
    
   
 939.8 
   
 
   Capital leases (3) 
    
   
 2.4 
   
    
   
 2.4 
   
    
   
 2.4 
   
    
   
 2.5 
   
    
   
 2.5 
   
    
   
 23.8 
   
    
   
 36.0 
   
 
   Operating leases (4) 
    
   
 40.8 
   
    
   
 37.5 
   
    
   
 34.5 
   
    
   
 30.8 
   
    
   
 27.4 
   
    
   
 100.3 
   
    
   
 271.3 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   We have outstanding long-term secured notes with varying maturities. For additional information, see Note 4 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under “Part II – Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”  
 
 
 (2) 
   Represents interest payments on our 2018, 2017 and 2015 Notes and 2017 Variable Funding Notes. The interest
rate on the 2017 Variable Funding Notes will be payable at a per year rate equal to LIBOR plus 150 basis points.  
 
 
 (3) 
   The principal portion of the capital lease obligation amounts above, which totaled $17.0 million at
December 30, 2018, are classified as debt in our consolidated financial statements.  
 
 
 (4) 
   We lease certain retail store and supply chain center locations, supply chain vehicles, various equipment and
our World Resource Center under leases with expiration dates through 2034.    As of December 30, 2018, we have entered into
additional operating leases for supply chain center tractors and trailers and a  build-to-suit  arrangement for a new building constructed by the Company’s landlord
that had not yet commenced with estimated future minimum rental commitments of approximately $39.1 million. We have also entered into an additional finance lease for a supply chain center that had not yet commenced with estimated future minimum
rental commitments of approximately $28.7 million. These leases are expected to commence in 2019 with lease terms of up to 15 years. These amounts are not included in the table above.  
 Liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits of $2.0 million are excluded from the above table, as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of
the amount and period of payment. For additional information on unrecognized tax benefits see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Form  10-K.   
 Off-balance  sheet arrangements  
 We are party to letters of credit and, to a lesser extent, financial guarantees with  off-balance  sheet risk. Our
exposure to credit loss for letters of credit and financial guarantees is represented by the contractual amounts of these instruments. Total conditional commitments under letters of credit as of December 30, 2018 were approximately
$48.1 million and relate to our insurance programs and supply chain center leases. The Company has guaranteed lease payments related to certain franchisees’ lease arrangements. The maximum amount of potential future payments under these
guarantees is $2.4 million as of December 30, 2018. We believe that none of these arrangements has or is likely to have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition, revenues or expenses, capital expenditures or
liquidity.    SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995  
 This Annual Report on Form  10-K  includes various forward-looking statements about the Company within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Act”) that are based on current management expectations that involve substantial risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from the results
expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. The following cautionary statements are being made pursuant to the provisions of the Act and with the intention of obtaining the benefits of the “safe harbor” provisions of the
Act.  
      40  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of words such as
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “should,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “will,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,”
“seek,” “approximately,” “potential,” “outlook” and similar terms and phrases that concern our strategy, plans or intentions, including references to assumptions. These forward-looking statements address
various matters including information concerning future results of operations and business strategy, the expected demand for future pizza delivery, our expectation that we will meet the terms of our agreement with our third-party supplier of pizza
cheese, our belief that alternative third-party suppliers are available for our key ingredients in the event we are required to replace any of our supply partners, our intention to continue to enhance and grow online ordering, digital marketing and
technological capabilities, our expectation that there will be no material environmental compliance-related capital expenditures, our plans to expand U.S. and international operations in many of the markets where we currently operate and in selected
new markets, our expectation that the contribution rate for advertising fees payable to DNAF will remain in place for the foreseeable future, and the availability of our borrowings under the 2017 Variable Funding Notes for, among other things,
funding working capital requirements, paying capital expenditures and funding other general corporate purposes, including payment of dividends.  
 Forward-looking statements relating to our anticipated profitability, estimates in same store sales growth, the growth of our U.S. and international business,
ability to service our indebtedness, our future cash flows, our operating performance, trends in our business and other descriptions of future events reflect management’s expectations based upon currently available information and data. While
we believe these expectations and projections are based on reasonable assumptions, such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including the risk factors listed under Item 1A. Risk
Factors, as well as other cautionary language in this Form  10-K.     Actual results may differ materially from those
expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to, the following:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our substantial increased indebtedness as a result of the 2015 Recapitalization, 2017 Recapitalization and 2018
Recapitalization and our ability to incur additional indebtedness or refinance or renegotiate key terms of that indebtedness in the future;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact a downgrade in our credit rating may have on our business, financial condition and results of
operations;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our future financial performance and our ability to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effectiveness of our advertising, operations and promotional initiatives;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the strength of our brand, including our ability to compete in the U.S. and internationally in our intensely
competitive industry;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies on our business, brand and reputation;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   new product, digital ordering and concept developments by us, and other food-industry competitors;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to maintain good relationships with our franchisees and their ongoing level of profitability;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to successfully implement cost-saving strategies;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability and that of our franchisees to successfully operate in the current and future credit environment;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in the level of consumer spending given general economic conditions, including interest rates, energy
prices and consumer confidence;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability and that of our franchisees to open new restaurants and keep existing restaurants in operation;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in operating expenses resulting from changes in prices of food (particularly cheese), fuel and other
commodity costs, labor, utilities, insurance, employee benefits and other operating costs;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the impact that widespread illness or general health concerns, severe weather conditions and natural disasters
may have on our business and the economies of the countries where we operate;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to retain or replace our executive officers and other key members of management and our ability to
adequately staff our stores and supply chain centers with qualified personnel;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to find and/or retain suitable real estate for our stores and supply chain centers;
     
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in government legislation or regulation, including changes in laws and regulations regarding information
privacy and consumer protection;      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adverse legal judgments or settlements;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   food-borne illness or contamination of products;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   data breaches, power loss, technological failures, user error or other cyber risks;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   the effect of war, terrorism or catastrophic events;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   our ability to pay dividends and repurchase shares;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in consumer taste, spending and traffic patterns and demographic trends;  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   changes in accounting policies; and  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   adequacy of our insurance coverage.  
      41  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this Annual
Report on Form  10-K  might not occur. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Form  10-K  and should be evaluated with an understanding of their
inherent uncertainty. Except as required under federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we will not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of this Form  10-K,  whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  
 Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this Form  10-K  or that
may be made elsewhere from time to time by, or on behalf of, us. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements.  
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  
 Market risk    We do not engage in speculative
transactions nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In connection with the 2017 Recapitalization, we issued fixed and floating rate notes and, at December 30, 2018, we are exposed to interest rate risk on borrowings
under our 2017 Floating Rate Notes and our 2017 Variable Funding Notes. As of December 30, 2018, we had $65.0 million in outstanding borrowings under our 2017 Variable Funding Notes. Our 2017 Floating Rate Notes and our 2017 Variable
Funding Notes bear interest at fluctuating interest rates based on LIBOR. A hypothetical 1.0% adverse change in the LIBOR rate would have resulted in higher interest expense of approximately $3.0 million in 2018.  
 There is currently uncertainty around whether LIBOR will continue to exist after 2021. If LIBOR ceases to exist, we may need to renegotiate our loan documents
and we cannot predict what alternative index would be negotiated with our lenders. As a result, our interest expense could increase, in which event we may have difficulties making interest payments and funding our other fixed costs, and our
available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected.    Our fixed rate debt exposes the Company to changes in market interest
rates reflected in the fair value of the debt and to the risk that the Company may need to refinance maturing debt with new debt at a higher rate.    We are
exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices. During the normal course of business, we purchase cheese and certain other food products that are affected by changes in commodity prices and, as a result, we are subject to volatility in our
food costs. We may periodically enter into financial instruments to manage this risk. We do not engage in speculative transactions nor do we hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In instances when we use fixed pricing agreements
with our suppliers, these agreements cover our physical commodity needs, are not  net-settled  and are accounted for as normal purchases.  
 Foreign currency exchange rate risk    We have
exposure to various foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations for revenues generated by our operations outside the U.S., which can adversely impact our net income and cash flows. Approximately 6.5% of our total revenues in 2018, 7.4% of our total
revenues in 2017 and 7.2% of our total revenues in 2016 were derived from our international franchise segment, a majority of which were denominated in foreign currencies. We also operate dough manufacturing and distribution facilities in Canada,
which generate revenues denominated in Canadian dollars. We do not enter into financial instruments to manage this foreign currency exchange risk. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in the foreign currency rates for our international markets would
have resulted in a negative impact on royalty revenues of approximately $20.0 million in 2018.  
      42  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.   
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
 To   the Stockholders and Board of Directors    of
Domino’s Pizza, Inc.:    Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of
December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, and the related consolidated statements of income, statements of comprehensive income, statements of stockholders’ deficit, and statements of cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 30, 2018, including the related notes, the schedules of condensed financial information of the registrant as of December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 and for the three years in the period ended
December 30, 2018 and valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period December 30, 2018 appearing under Item 16 (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have
audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2018, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 30, 2018 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2018, based on criteria
established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.    Change in Accounting Principles  
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for revenue and the manner in which it
accounts for restricted cash and cash equivalents in 2018. As discussed in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for share-based compensation in 2017.  
 Basis for Opinions    The Company’s management
is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s [consolidated] financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.    We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.    Our audits of the consolidated financial statements
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.  
      43  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  
 /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP    Detroit, Michigan  
 February 21, 2019    We have served as the Company’s
auditor since 2002.  
      44  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 30, 2018 
   
   
 December 31, 2017 
   


 
 Assets 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 25,438 
   
   
 $ 
 35,768 
   
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
    
   
 166,993 
   
   
   
 191,762 
   
 
   Accounts receivable, net of reserves of $1,879 in 2018 and $1,424 in 2017 
    
   
 190,091 
   
   
   
 173,677 
   
 
   Inventories 
    
   
 45,975 
   
   
   
 39,961 
   
 
   Prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 25,710 
   
   
   
 18,389 
   
 
   Advertising fund assets, restricted 
    
   
 112,744 
   
   
   
 120,223 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current assets 
    
   
 566,951 
   
   
   
 579,780 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Land and buildings 
    
   
 41,147 
   
   
   
 29,171 
   
 
   Leasehold and other improvements 
    
   
 170,498 
   
   
   
 128,613 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 243,654 
   
   
   
 216,599 
   
 
   Construction in progress 
    
   
 31,822 
   
   
   
 32,482 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 487,121 
   
   
   
 406,865 
   
 
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (252,182 
 )  
   
   
 (237,279 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Property, plant and equipment, net 
    
   
 234,939 
   
   
   
 169,586 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments in marketable securities, restricted 
    
   
 8,718 
   
   
   
 8,119 
   
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 14,919 
   
   
   
 15,423 
   
 
   Capitalized software, net of accumulated amortization of $89,161 in 2018 
 and $78,696 in 2017 
    
   
 63,809 
   
   
   
 52,823 
   
 
   Other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $776 in 2018 and $776 in 2017 
    
   
 12,523 
   
   
   
 8,272 
   
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
   
 5,526 
   
   
   
 2,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total other assets 
    
   
 105,495 
   
   
   
 87,387 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 907,385 
   
   
 $ 
 836,753 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 Liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current portion of long-term debt 
    
 $ 
 35,893 
   
   
 $ 
 32,324 
   
 
   Accounts payable 
    
   
 92,546 
   
   
   
 106,894 
   
 
   Accrued compensation 
    
   
 40,962 
   
   
   
 37,417 
   
 
   Accrued interest 
    
   
 25,981 
   
   
   
 22,095 
   
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
   
 22,210 
   
   
   
 20,754 
   
 
   Advertising fund liabilities 
    
   
 107,150 
   
   
   
 120,223 
   
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 55,001 
   
   
   
 58,578 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total current liabilities 
    
   
 379,743 
   
   
   
 398,285 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Long-term liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term debt, less current portion 
    
   
 3,495,691 
   
   
   
 3,121,490 
   
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
   
 31,065 
   
   
   
 30,611 
   
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 40,807 
   
   
   
 21,751 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total long-term liabilities 
    
   
 3,567,563 
   
   
   
 3,173,852 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 3,947,306 
   
   
   
 3,572,137 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Commitments and contingencies 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Stockholders’ deficit 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 170,000,000 shares authorized; 40,977,561 in 2018 and
42,898,329 in 2017 issued and outstanding 
    
   
 410 
   
   
   
 429 
   
 
   Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 569 
   
   
   
 5,654 
   
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (3,036,471 
 )  
   
   
 (2,739,437 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (4,429 
 )  
   
   
 (2,030 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (3,039,921 
 )  
   
   
 (2,735,384 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 $ 
 907,385 
   
   
 $ 
 836,753 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      45  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 30, 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
   
 January 1, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Revenues: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
 $ 
 514,804 
   
   
 $ 
 490,846 
   
   
 $ 
 439,024 
   
 
   U.S. franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 391,493 
   
   
   
 351,387 
   
   
   
 312,260 
   
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,943,297 
   
   
   
 1,739,038 
   
   
   
 1,544,345 
   
 
   International franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 224,747 
   
   
   
 206,708 
   
   
   
 176,999 
   
 
   U.S. franchise advertising 
    
   
 358,526 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 3,432,867 
   
   
   
 2,787,979 
   
   
   
 2,472,628 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cost of sales: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Company-owned stores 
    
   
 398,158 
   
   
   
 377,674 
   
   
   
 331,860 
   
 
   Supply chain 
    
   
 1,732,030 
   
   
   
 1,544,314 
   
   
   
 1,373,077 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total cost of sales 
    
   
 2,130,188 
   
   
   
 1,921,988 
   
   
   
 1,704,937 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 1,302,679 
   
   
   
 865,991 
   
   
   
 767,691 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 372,464 
   
   
   
 344,759 
   
   
   
 313,649 
   
 
   U.S. franchise advertising 
    
   
 358,526 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 571,689 
   
   
   
 521,232 
   
   
   
 454,042 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3,334 
   
   
   
 1,462 
   
   
   
 685 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (146,345 
 )  
   
   
 (122,541 
 )  
   
   
 (110,069 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 428,678 
   
   
   
 400,153 
   
   
   
 344,658 
   
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 66,706 
   
   
   
 122,248 
   
   
   
 129,980 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 361,972 
   
   
 $ 
 277,905 
   
   
 $ 
 214,678 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Earnings per share: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Common Stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 8.65 
   
   
 $ 
 6.05 
   
   
 $ 
 4.41 
   
 
   Common Stock – diluted 
    
 $ 
 8.35 
   
   
 $ 
 5.83 
   
   
 $ 
 4.30 
   
 
   Dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 2.20 
   
   
 $ 
 1.84 
   
   
 $ 
 1.52 
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      46  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 30, 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
    
 January 1, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 361,972 
   
   
 $ 
 277,905 
   
    
 $ 
 214,678 
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 (2,048 
 )  
   
   
 1,080 
   
    
   
 (94 
 )  
 
   Tax attributes of items in other comprehensive income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
    
   
 532 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 
    
   
 (2,048 
 )  
   
   
 1,080 
   
    
   
 438 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 359,924 
   
   
 $ 
 278,985 
   
    
 $ 
 215,116 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      47  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT  
 (In thousands, except share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Retained Deficit 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
   
 Amount 
   


 
   Balance at January 3, 2016 
    
   
 49,838,221 
   
   
 $ 
 498 
   
   
 $ 
 6,942 
   
   
 $ 
 (1,804,143 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (3,548 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 214,678 
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (73,958 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 80,267 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (47,277 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (5,646 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (2,816,716 
 )  
   
   
 (28 
 )  
   
   
 (82,125 
 )  
   
   
 (218,097 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Exercises of stock options 
    
   
 1,045,648 
   
   
   
 10 
   
   
   
 15,224 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Tax impact from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 48,129 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 18,564 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (82 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 438 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at January 1, 2017 
    
   
 48,100,143 
   
   
   
 481 
   
   
   
 1,006 
   
   
   
 (1,881,520 
 )  
   
   
 (3,110 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 277,905 
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (84,215 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 65,669 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (49,159 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 (9,448 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (5,576,249 
 )  
   
   
 (56 
 )  
   
   
 (12,590 
 )  
   
   
 (1,051,607 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Exercises of stock options 
    
   
 357,925 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 6,095 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 20,713 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (122 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 1,080 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2017 
    
   
 42,898,329 
   
   
   
 429 
   
   
   
 5,654 
   
   
   
 (2,739,437 
 )  
   
   
 (2,030 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 361,972 
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (92,211 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Issuance of common stock, net 
    
   
 79,868 
   
   
   
 1 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (27,308 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (6,962 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (2,387,430 
 )  
   
   
 (24 
 )  
   
   
 (30,743 
 )  
   
   
 (560,445 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Exercises of stock options 
    
   
 414,102 
   
   
   
 4 
   
   
   
 9,828 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 22,792 
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Adoption of ASC 606 (Note 1) 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (6,701 
 )  
   
   
 —    
   
 
   Currency translation adjustment 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 (2,048 
 )  
 
   Reclassification adjustment for stranded taxes (Note 1) 
    
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 —    
   
   
   
 351 
   
   
   
 (351 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 30, 2018 
    
   
 40,977,561 
   
   
 $ 
 410 
   
   
 $ 
 569 
   
   
 $ 
 (3,036,471 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (4,429 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.  
      48  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 30, 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
   
 January 1, 
   
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2017 
   


 
   Cash flows from operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 361,972 
   
   
 $ 
 277,905 
   
   
 $ 
 214,678 
   
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 53,665 
   
   
   
 44,369 
   
   
   
 38,140 
   
 
   (Gain) loss on sale/disposal of assets 
    
   
 (4,737 
 )  
   
   
 (3,148 
 )  
   
   
 863 
   
 
   Amortization of debt issuance costs 
    
   
 8,033 
   
   
   
 10,976 
   
   
   
 6,418 
   
 
   (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes 
    
   
 (872 
 )  
   
   
 6,160 
   
   
   
 (3,059 
 )  
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 22,792 
   
   
   
 20,713 
   
   
   
 18,564 
   
 
   Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 (23,786 
 )  
   
   
 (27,227 
 )  
   
   
 (48,129 
 )  
 
   Provision (benefit) for losses and accounts and notes receivable 
    
   
 899 
   
   
   
 (277 
 )  
   
   
 (224 
 )  
 
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase in accounts receivable 
    
   
 (18,172 
 )  
   
   
 (22,649 
 )  
   
   
 (18,724 
 )  
 
   (Increase) decrease in inventories, prepaid expenses and other 
    
   
 (12,455 
 )  
   
   
 1,527 
   
   
   
 (2,947 
 )  
 
   Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
    
   
 10,010 
   
   
   
 22,267 
   
   
   
 78,929 
   
 
   Increase in insurance reserves 
    
   
 2,174 
   
   
   
 8,420 
   
   
   
 2,764 
   
 
   Changes in advertising fund assets and liabilities, restricted 
    
   
 (5,352 
 )  
   
   
 2,225 
   
   
   
 5,187 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
   
 394,171 
   
   
   
 341,261 
   
   
   
 292,460 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Capital expenditures 
    
   
 (119,888 
 )  
   
   
 (90,011 
 )  
   
   
 (58,555 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from sale of assets 
    
   
 8,367 
   
   
   
 6,835 
   
   
   
 4,936 
   
 
   Maturities of advertising fund investments, restricted 
    
   
 94,007 
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Purchases of advertising fund investments, restricted 
    
   
 (70,152 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 (591 
 )  
   
   
 (562 
 )  
   
   
 (1,661 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in investing activities 
    
   
 (88,257 
 )  
   
   
 (83,738 
 )  
   
   
 (55,280 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash flows from financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt 
    
   
 970,000 
   
   
   
 1,900,000 
   
   
   
 63,000 
   
 
   Repayments of long-term debt and capital lease obligations 
    
   
 (604,088 
 )  
   
   
 (928,193 
 )  
   
   
 (122,334 
 )  
 
   Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
    
   
 9,832 
   
   
   
 6,099 
   
   
   
 15,234 
   
 
   Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 48,129 
   
 
   Purchases of common stock 
    
   
 (591,212 
 )  
   
   
 (1,064,253 
 )  
   
   
 (300,250 
 )  
 
   Tax payments for restricted stock upon vesting 
    
   
 (6,962 
 )  
   
   
 (9,449 
 )  
   
   
 (5,646 
 )  
 
   Payments of common stock dividends and equivalents 
    
   
 (92,166 
 )  
   
   
 (84,298 
 )  
   
   
 (73,925 
 )  
 
   Cash paid for financing costs 
    
   
 (8,207 
 )  
   
   
 (16,846 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 (205 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (322,803 
 )  
   
   
 (197,145 
 )  
   
   
 (375,792 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
    
   
 (538 
 )  
   
   
 66 
   
   
   
 (1,279 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Change in cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 (17,427 
 )  
   
 $ 
 60,444 
   
   
 $ 
 (139,891 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
    
   
 35,768 
   
   
   
 42,815 
   
   
   
 133,449 
   
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
    
   
 191,762 
   
   
   
 126,496 
   
   
   
 180,940 
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents included in advertising fund assets, restricted, beginning of
period 
    
   
 27,316 
   
   
   
 25,091 
   
   
   
 19,904 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents
included in advertising fund assets, restricted, beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 254,846 
   
   
 $ 
 194,402 
   
   
 $ 
 334,293 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
    
   
 25,438 
   
   
   
 35,768 
   
   
   
 42,815 
   
 
   Restricted cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
    
   
 166,993 
   
   
   
 191,762 
   
   
   
 126,496 
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents included in advertising fund assets, restricted, end of period 
    
   
 44,988 
   
   
   
 27,316 
   
   
   
 25,091 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents
included in advertising fund assets, restricted, end of period 
    
 $ 
 237,419 
   
   
 $ 
 254,846 
   
   
 $ 
 194,402 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.     
      49  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 
 
 (1) 
   Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  
 Description of Business    Domino’s
Pizza, Inc. (“DPI”), a Delaware corporation, conducts its operations and derives substantially all of its operating income and cash flows through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Domino’s, Inc. (“Domino’s”) and
Domino’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Domino’s Pizza LLC (“DPLLC”). DPI and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, “the Company”) are primarily engaged in the following business activities: (i) retail sales of
food through Company-owned Domino’s Pizza stores; (ii) sales of food, equipment and supplies to Company-owned and franchised Domino’s Pizza stores through Company-owned supply chain centers; (iii) receipt of royalties,
advertising contributions and fees from U.S. Domino’s Pizza franchisees; and (iv) receipt of royalties and fees from international Domino’s Pizza franchisees.  
 Principles of Consolidation    The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DPI and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  
 Fiscal Year    The Company’s fiscal
year ends on the Sunday closest to December 31. The 2018 fiscal year ended on December 30, 2018, the 2017 fiscal year ended on December 31, 2017 and the 2016 fiscal year ended on January 1, 2017. The 2018, 2017 and 2016 fiscal
years all consisted of  fifty-two  weeks.    Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. These
investments are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.    Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents  
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents at December 30, 2018 includes approximately $130.3 million of restricted cash held for future
principal and interest payments, $36.5 million of restricted cash held in a three-month interest reserve as required by the related debt agreements and $0.2 million of other restricted cash. As of December 30, 2018, the Company also
held $45.0 million of advertising fund restricted cash and cash equivalents, which can only be used for activities that promote the Domino’s Pizza brand.  
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2017 includes $122.9 million of cash and cash equivalents held for future
principal and interest payments, $32.1 million of cash equivalents held in a three-month interest reserve, $36.7 million of cash held as collateral for outstanding letters of credit and $0.1 million of other restricted cash. As of
December 31, 2017, the Company also held $27.3 million of advertising fund restricted cash and cash equivalents, which can only be used for activities that promote the Domino’s Pizza brand.  
 Inventories    Inventories are valued at
the lower of cost (on a  first-in,   first-out  basis) or net realizable value. Inventories at December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 are comprised of the
following (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Food 
    
 $ 
 42,921 
   
    
 $ 
 36,645 
   
 
   Equipment and supplies 
    
   
 3,054 
   
    
   
 3,316 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Inventories 
    
 $ 
 45,975 
   
    
 $ 
 39,961 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   Other Assets  
 Current and long-term other assets primarily include prepaid expenses such as insurance, rent and taxes, deposits, notes receivable, software
licenses, covenants  not-to-compete  and other intangible assets primarily arising from franchise acquisitions. As of December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017,
all intangible assets with useful lives were fully amortized.  
      50  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Property, Plant and Equipment  
 Additions to property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Depreciation and
amortization expense are provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Estimated useful lives, other than the estimated useful life of the capital lease assets as described below, are generally as
follows (in years):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Buildings 
    
   
 20 
   
 
   Leasehold and other improvements 
    
   
 7 –15 
   
 
   Equipment 
    
   
 3 –15 
   
   Included in land and buildings as of December 30, 2018 are capital lease assets of approximately
$22.2 million, which are related to the leases of five supply chain centers and the lease of one Company-owned store. Included in accumulated depreciation and amortization as of December 30, 2018 is $6.7 million of accumulated
amortization related to these leases. Included in land and buildings as of December 31, 2017 are capital lease assets of approximately $10.5 million, which are related to the lease of one supply chain center building and the lease of one
Company-owned store. Included in accumulated depreciation and amortization as of December 31, 2017 is $6.2 million of accumulated amortization related to these leases. The capital lease assets are being amortized using the straight-line
method over the respective lease terms.    Depreciation and amortization expense on property, plant and equipment was approximately
$35.0 million, $29.6 million and $27.3 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.    Impairments of Long-Lived Assets  
 The Company evaluates the potential impairment of long-lived assets at least annually based on various analyses including the projection of
undiscounted cash flows and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. For Company-owned stores, the Company performs this evaluation on an operating market basis, which the
Company has determined to be the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of other cash flows. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the amount of the expected future undiscounted cash flows of that
asset, the Company estimates the fair value of the assets. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized, and the asset is written down to its estimated fair value. The Company
did not record any impairment losses on long-lived assets in 2018, 2017 or 2016.    Investments in Marketable Securities  
 Investments in marketable securities consist of investments in various mutual funds made by eligible individuals as part of the Company’s
deferred compensation plan (Note 7). These investments are stated at aggregate fair value, are restricted and have been placed in a rabbi trust whereby the amounts are irrevocably set aside to fund the Company’s obligations under the deferred
compensation plan. The Company classifies and accounts for these investments in marketable securities as trading securities.    Goodwill  
 The Company’s goodwill amounts primarily relate to franchise store acquisitions and are not amortized. The Company performs its required
impairment tests in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year and did not recognize any goodwill impairment charges in 2018, 2017 and 2016.    Capitalized
Software    Capitalized software is recorded at cost and includes purchased, internally-developed and externally-developed software used
in the Company’s operations. Amortization expense is provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the software, which range from one to seven years. Capitalized software amortization expense was approximately
$18.7 million, $14.8 million and $10.8 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. As of December 30, 2018, scheduled amortization for the next five fiscal years for capitalized software that has been placed in service was
approximately $16.6 million, $11.5 million, $7.7 million, $4.2 million and $1.7 million for 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively.  
      51  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Debt Issuance Costs  
 Debt issuance costs are recorded as a reduction to the Company’s debt balance and primarily include the expenses incurred by the Company
as part of the 2018, 2017 and 2015 Recapitalizations. See Note 4 for a description of the 2018, 2017 and 2015 Recapitalizations. Amortization is recorded on a straight-line basis (which is materially consistent with the effective interest method)
over the expected term of the respective debt instrument to which the costs relate and is included in interest expense.    In connection
with the 2018, 2017 and 2015 Recapitalizations, the Company recorded $8.2 million, $16.8 million and $17.4 million of debt issuance costs, respectively. In connection with 2018 Recapitalization, the Company repaid the 2015 Five-Year
Fixed Rate Notes and expensed approximately $3.2 million for the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs associated with these notes. The remaining debt issuance costs are being amortized into interest expense over the expected terms of the
2018, 2017 and 2015 Notes, as described in Note 4.    The Company expensed debt issuance costs of approximately $3.4 million,
$5.7 million and $0.6 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively in connection with the  write-off  of debt issuance costs resulting from the repayment of the Company’s outstanding notes,
including scheduled principal payments. Debt issuance cost expense, including these  write-off  amounts, was approximately $8.0 million, $11.0 million and $6.4 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively.    Insurance Reserves  
 The Company has retention programs for workers’ compensation, general liability and owned and
 non-owned  automobile liabilities for certain periods prior to December 1998 and for periods after December 2001. The Company is generally responsible for up to $1.0 million per occurrence under these
retention programs for workers’ compensation and general liability exposures. The Company is also generally responsible for between $500,000 and $3.0 million per occurrence under these retention programs for owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities depending on the year. Total insurance limits under these retention programs vary depending on the year covered and range up to $110.0 million per occurrence for general
liability and owned and  non-owned  automobile liabilities and up to the applicable statutory limits for workers’ compensation.  
 Insurance reserves relating to our retention programs are based on undiscounted actuarial estimates. These estimates are based on historical
information and on certain assumptions about future events. Changes in assumptions for such factors as medical costs and legal actions, as well as changes in actual experience, could cause these estimates to change in the near term. The Company
receives estimates of outstanding insurance exposures from its independent actuary twice per year and differences between these estimated actuarial exposures and the Company’s recorded amounts are adjusted as appropriate.  
 Contract Liabilities    Contract
liabilities consist of deferred franchise fees and deferred development fees. As of December 30, 2018, $4.0 million of deferred franchise fees and deferred development fees were included in current other accrued liabilities and
$15.9 million of deferred franchise fees and deferred development fees were included in long-term other accrued liabilities. As of December 31, 2017, $1.4 million of deferred development fees were included in current other accrued
liabilities and $3.0 million of deferred development fees were included in long-term other accrued liabilities. On January 1, 2018, the Company recorded a contract liability of approximately $15.0 million (of which $2.4 million
was current and $12.6 million was long-term) associated with deferred franchise fees received through December 31, 2017 in connection with the adoption of new revenue recognition guidance, which is discussed in the new accounting
pronouncements section below.    Changes in deferred franchise fees and deferred development fees in 2018 were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
 (In thousands) 
    
 December 30, 2018 
   


 
   Deferred franchise fees and deferred development fees at beginning of period 
    
 $ 
 19,404 
   
 
   Revenue recognized during the period 
    
   
 (5,235 
 )  
 
   New deferrals due to cash received and other 
    
   
 5,731 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred franchise fees and deferred development fees at end of period 
    
 $ 
 19,900 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      52  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The Company expects to recognize revenue of $4.0 million in 2019, $3.1 million in
2020, $2.8 million in 2021, $2.5 million in 2022, $2.2 million in 2023 and $5.3 million thereafter associated with the total deferred franchise fee and deferred development fee amount above.  
 The Company has applied the sales-based royalty exemption which permits exclusion of variable consideration in the form of sales-based
royalties from the disclosure of remaining performance obligations.    Other Accrued Liabilities  
 Current and long-term other accrued liabilities primarily include accruals for income, sales, property and other taxes, legal reserves, store
operating expenses, deferred rent expense, dividends payable and deferred compensation liabilities.    Foreign Currency Translation  
 The Company’s foreign entities use their local currency as the functional currency. For these entities, the Company translates net assets
into U.S. dollars at year end exchange rates, while income and expense accounts are translated at average annual exchange rates. Currency translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and foreign currency
transaction gains and losses are included in determining net income.    Revenue Recognition  
 U.S. Company-owned stores revenues are comprised of retail sales of food through Company-owned Domino’s Pizza stores located in the U.S.
and are recognized when the items are delivered to or carried out by customers. Customer payments are generally due at the time of sale. Sales taxes related to these sales are collected from customers and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority
and are not reflected in the Company’s consolidated statements of income as revenue.    U.S. franchise royalties and fees are primarily
comprised of royalties and fees from Domino’s Pizza franchisees with operations in the U.S. Each franchisee is generally required to pay a 5.5% royalty fee on sales. In certain instances, the Company will collect lower rates based on area
development agreements, sales initiatives and new store incentives. Royalty revenues are based on a percentage of franchise retail sales and are recognized when the items are delivered to or carried out by franchisees’ customers. U.S. franchise
fee revenue primarily relates  to per-transaction technology  fees that are recognized as the related sales occur. Payments for U.S. royalties and fees are generally due within seven days of the prior
week end date.    Supply chain revenues are primarily comprised of sales of food, equipment and supplies to franchised Domino’s Pizza
stores located in the U.S. and Canada. Revenues from the sale of food are recognized upon delivery of the food to franchisees and payments for food purchases are generally due within 30 days of the shipping date. Revenues from the sale of equipment
and supplies are recognized upon delivery or shipment of the related products to franchisees, based on shipping terms, and payments for equipment and supplies are generally due within 90 days of the shipping date. The Company also offers profit
sharing rebates and volume discounts to its franchisees. Obligations for profit sharing rebates are calculated based on actual results of its supply chain centers and are recognized as a reduction to revenue. Volume discounts are based on annual
sales. The Company estimates the amount that will be earned and records a reduction to revenue.    International franchise royalties and
fees are primarily comprised of royalties and fees from Domino’s Pizza franchisees outside of the U.S. Royalty revenues are recognized when the items are delivered to or carried out by franchise customers. Store opening fees received from
international franchisees are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of each respective franchise store agreement, which is typically ten years. Development fees received from international master franchisees are also deferred
when amounts are received and are recognized as revenue on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective master franchise agreement, which is typically ten years. International franchise royalties and fees are invoiced at least quarterly and
payments are generally due within 60 days.  
      53  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  U.S. franchise advertising revenues are primarily comprised of contributions from
Domino’s Pizza franchisees with operations in the U.S. to the Domino’s National Advertising Fund Inc. (“DNAF”), the Company’s consolidated
 not-for-profit subsidiary  that administers the Domino’s Pizza system’s national and market level advertising activities in the U.S. Each franchisee is
generally required to contribute 6% of their retail sales to fund national marketing and advertising campaigns (subject, in certain instances, to lower rates based on certain incentives and waivers). These revenues are recognized when items are
delivered to or carried out by franchisees’ customers. Payments for U.S. franchise advertising revenues are generally due within seven days of the prior week end date. Although these revenues are restricted to be used only for advertising and
promotional activities to benefit franchised stores, the Company has determined there are not performance obligations associated with the franchise advertising contributions received by DNAF that are separate from its U.S. royalty payment stream and
as a result, these franchise contributions and the related expenses are presented gross in the Company’s consolidated statement of income.  
 Reclassification of Revenues    In the
first quarter of 2018, the Company began managing its franchised stores in Alaska and Hawaii as part of its U.S. Stores segment (Note 11). Prior to 2018, the revenues from these franchised stores were included in the Company’s International
Franchise segment (Note 11). International franchise royalties and fees revenues in 2017 and 2016 included $2.6 million and $2.3 million, respectively, of franchise revenues related to these stores. These amounts have not been reclassified
to conform to the current year presentation due to immateriality.    Disaggregation of Revenue  
 Current accounting standards require that companies disaggregate revenue from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the
nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. The Company has included its revenues disaggregated in its consolidated statements of income to satisfy this requirement.  
 Supply Chain Profit-Sharing Arrangements  
 The Company enters into profit-sharing arrangements with U.S. and Canadian stores that purchase all of their food from Supply Chain (Note 11).
These profit-sharing arrangements generally offer Company-owned stores and participating franchisees with 50% (or a higher percentage in the case of Company-owned stores and certain franchisees who operate a larger number of stores) of their
regional supply chain center’s  pre-tax  profits based upon each store’s purchases from the supply chain center. Profit-sharing obligations are recorded as a revenue reduction in Supply Chain in the
same period as the related revenues and costs are recorded, and were $132.7 million, $119.7 million and $99.8 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 Advertising    U.S. Stores (Note 11) are
generally required to contribute 6% of sales to DNAF. U.S. franchise advertising costs are accrued and expensed when the related U.S. franchise advertising revenues are recognized, as DNAF is obligated to expend such revenues on advertising.
Advertising costs funded by Company-owned stores are generally expensed as incurred and are included in general and administrative expense. The contributions from Company-owned stores that have not yet been expended are included in advertising fund
assets, restricted on the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. As of December 30, 2018, advertising fund assets, restricted of $112.7 million included approximately $5.5 million of cash contributed from Company-owned stores that
had not yet been expended and approximately $107.2 million of other assets which consisted of $95.1 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments, $15.3 million of accounts receivable and $2.3 million of prepaid expenses.
   U.S. franchise advertising costs expended by DNAF are included in U.S. franchise advertising expenses in the Company’s consolidated
statement of income. Certain costs incurred by the Company on behalf of DNAF were included in general and administrative expense in years prior to 2018. Refer to the New Accounting Pronouncements section within Note 1 for the full impact of the
adoption of ASC 606 on the Company’s financial statements.    Rent  
 The Company leases certain equipment, vehicles, retail store and supply chain center locations and its corporate headquarters under operating
leases with expiration dates through 2034. Rent expenses totaled approximately $62.5 million, $57.9 million and $49.9 million during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
      54  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Common Stock Dividends  
 The Company declared and paid dividends of approximately $92.2 million (or $2.20 per share) in 2018, approximately $84.2 million (or
$1.84 per share) in 2017 and approximately $74.0 million (or $1.52 per share) in 2016.   Stock Options and Other Equity-Based Compensation
Arrangements    The cost of all of the Company’s stock options, as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements, is
reflected in the financial statements based on the estimated fair value of the awards.    Earnings Per Share  
 The Company discloses two calculations of earnings per share (“EPS”): basic EPS and diluted EPS. The numerator in calculating common
stock basic and diluted EPS is consolidated net income. The denominator in calculating common stock basic EPS is the weighted average shares outstanding. The denominator in calculating common stock diluted EPS includes the additional dilutive effect
of outstanding stock options, unvested restricted stock grants and unvested performance-based restricted stock grants.    Supplemental Disclosures of
Cash Flow Information    The Company paid interest of approximately $132.8 million, $107.4 million and $104.6 million
during 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Cash paid for income taxes was approximately $71.7 million, $122.6 million and $74.3 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 The Company had $3.8 million, $4.0 million and $3.8 million of  non-cash  investing
activities related to accruals for capital expenditures at December 30, 2018, December 31, 2017, and January 1, 2017. The Company also had  non-cash  financing activities related to capital assets
and liabilities in 2018. During 2018, the Company renewed the leases of four supply chain center buildings and extended the terms of the leases. As a result, the Company  recorded non-cash financing 
activities of $12.0 million for the increase in capital lease assets and liabilities during 2018. The Company also recorded $1.9 million in  non-cash  financing activities related to a  build-to-suit  arrangement in which the Company’s landlord is constructing a new building that will be leased to the Company upon completion, which is expected to occur in
2019.    New Accounting Pronouncements    Recently
Adopted Accounting Standards    Accounting  Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from 
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)    In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting  Standards Update 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  and has since issued various amendments which provide additional clarification and implementation
guidance. This standard has been codified as ASC 606. This guidance outlines a single, comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and superseded most revenue recognition guidance issued by
the FASB, including industry specific guidance. On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method.  
 The Company recognized the cumulative effect of initially applying ASC 606 as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained deficit. The
comparative information has not been restated and continues to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods.  
 The Company has determined that the store opening fees received from international franchisees do not relate to separate and distinct
performance obligations from the franchise right and those upfront fees will therefore be recognized as revenue over the term of each respective franchise store agreement, which is typically 10 years. In the past, the Company recognized such fees as
revenue when the related store opened. An adjustment to beginning retained deficit and a corresponding contract liability of approximately $15.0 million (of which $2.4 million was current and $12.6 million was long-term) was
established on the date of adoption associated with the fees received through December 31, 2017 that would have been deferred and recognized over the term of each respective franchise store agreement if the new guidance had been applied in the
past. A deferred tax asset of $3.5 million related to this contract liability was also established on the date of adoption.  
      55  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The Company has also determined that ASC 606 requires a gross presentation on the
consolidated statement of income for franchisee contributions received by and related expenses of DNAF, the
 Company’s consolidated not-for-profit subsidiary. DNAF  exists solely for the purpose of promoting the Domino’s Pizza brand in the U.S.
Under prior accounting guidance, the Company had presented the restricted assets and liabilities of DNAF in its consolidated balance sheets and had determined that it acted as an agent for accounting purposes with regard to franchisee contributions
and disbursements. As a result, the Company historically presented the activities of DNAF net in its statements of income and statements of cash flows.  
 Under the requirements of ASC 606, the Company determined that there are not performance obligations associated with the franchise advertising
contributions received by DNAF that are separate from the Company’s U.S. royalty payment stream and as a result, these franchise contributions and the related expenses are presented gross in the Company’s consolidated statement of income
and consolidated statement of cash flows. While this change materially impacted the gross amount of reported franchise revenues and expenses, the impact is generally expected to be an offsetting increase to both revenues and expenses such that the
impact on income from operations and net income is not expected to be material. An adjustment to beginning retained deficit and advertising fund liabilities of approximately $6.4 million related to the timing of advertising expense recognition
was recorded on the date of adoption. A deferred tax liability (which is reflected net against deferred tax assets in the consolidated balance sheet) of approximately $1.6 million related to this adjustment was also established on the date of
adoption.    The cumulative effects of the changes made to the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2018 for the
adoption of ASC 606 were as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Balance at December 31, 2017 
   
    
 Adjustments Due to ASC 606 
   
    
 Balance at January 1, 2018 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 2,750 
   
    
 $ 
 1,878 
   
    
 $ 
 4,628 
   
 
   Liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Advertising fund liabilities 
    
   
 120,223 
   
    
   
 (6,425 
 )  
    
   
 113,798 
   
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 58,578 
   
    
   
 2,365 
   
    
   
 60,943 
   
 
   Long-term liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 21,751 
   
    
   
 12,639 
   
    
   
 34,390 
   
 
   Stockholders’ deficit: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (2,739,437 
 )  
    
   
 (6,701 
 )  
    
   
 (2,746,138 
 )  
   In accordance with the new revenue standard requirements, the impact of adoption on the Company’s
consolidated statement of income for 2018 and consolidated balance sheet as of December 30, 2018 was as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fiscal Year Ended December 30, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 As Reported 
   
    
 Balances without the Adoption of ASC 606 
   
    
 Effect of Change Higher/ (Lower) 
   


 
   Revenues: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   U.S. franchise royalties and fees 
    
 $ 
 391,493 
   
    
 $ 
 409,379 
   
    
 $ 
 (17,886 
 )  
 
   International franchise royalties and fees 
    
   
 224,747 
   
    
   
 225,708 
   
    
   
 (961 
 )  
 
   U.S. franchise advertising 
    
   
 358,526 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 358,526 
   
 
   General and administrative 
    
   
 372,464 
   
    
   
 389,520 
   
    
   
 (17,056 
 )  
 
   U.S. franchise advertising 
    
   
 358,526 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 358,526 
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 571,689 
   
    
   
 573,481 
   
    
   
 (1,792 
 )  
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 428,678 
   
    
   
 430,470 
   
    
   
 (1,792 
 )  
 
   Provision for income taxes 
    
   
 66,706 
   
    
   
 67,111 
   
    
   
 (405 
 )  
 
   Net income 
    
   
 361,972 
   
    
   
 363,359 
   
    
   
 (1,387 
 )  
 
      56  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 As of December 30, 2018 
   
 
   
    
 As Reported 
   
    
 Balances without the Adoption of ASC 606 
   
    
 Effect of Change Higher/ (Lower) 
   


 
   Assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 5,526 
   
    
 $ 
 3,243 
   
    
 $ 
 2,283 
   
 
   Liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Advertising fund liabilities 
    
   
 107,150 
   
    
   
 112,744 
   
    
   
 (5,594 
 )  
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 55,001 
   
    
   
 52,396 
   
    
   
 2,605 
   
 
   Long-term liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Other accrued liabilities 
    
   
 40,807 
   
    
   
 27,447 
   
    
   
 13,360 
   
 
   Stockholders’ deficit: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (3,036,471 
 )  
    
   
 (3,028,383 
 )  
    
   
 (8,088 
 )  
   ASU 2016-04, Liabilities  – Extinguishment of Liabilities  (Subtopic 405-20)     In March 2016, the FASB
 issued ASU 2016-04,  Liabilities – Extinguishment of Liabilities (Subtopic  405-20):  Recognition of
Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products  (“ASU 2016-04”). ASU 2016-04 aligns recognition  of the financial
liabilities related to prepaid stored value products (for example, gift cards) with ASC  606 for non-financial liabilities. In  general, these liabilities may be extinguished proportionately
in earnings as redemptions occur, or when redemption is remote if issuers are not entitled to the unredeemed stored value. The Company adopted this standard effective January 1, 2018 in connection with its adoption of ASC 606. The adoption of
this standard did not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  
 ASU 2016-18, Statement of  Cash Flows (Topic 230)  
 In November 2016, the FASB  issued ASU 2016-18,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic
230): Restricted Cash  (“ASU 2016-18”), which  requires that restricted cash and cash equivalents be included as components of total cash and cash equivalents as presented on the
statement of cash  flows. ASU 2016-18 is effective  for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017 and a retrospective transition method is
required. The Company adopted this guidance in 2018 using the retrospective approach. The Company historically presented changes in restricted cash and cash equivalents in the investing section of its consolidated statement of cash flows. This new
standard did not impact the Company’s financial results but did result in a change in the presentation of restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents within the statement of cash flows.  
 ASU 2018-02, Income  Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)  
 In February 2018, the FASB  issued ASU 2018-02,  Income Statement –
Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . The amendments in this updated standard allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to
retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The Company adopted this standard in 2018 and, as a result, recorded a $0.4 million reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to the
beginning balance of retained deficit in 2018.    ASU 2017-04, Intangibles  – Goodwill and Other
(Topic 350)    In January 2017, the FASB  issued ASU 2017-04 , Intangibles –
Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment  (“ASU 2017-04”). ASU 2017-04 simplifies the 
subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating “Step 2” from the goodwill impairment  test. ASU 2017-04 is effective  for public companies’ annual or interim goodwill
impairment tests in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company adopted this standard in 2018 and the
adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
      57  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted  
 The Company has considered all new accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB and concluded the following accounting pronouncements may have
a material impact on its consolidated financial statements or represent accounting pronouncements for which the Company has not yet completed its assessment.  
 ASU 2016-02, Leases  (Topic 842)  
 In February 2016, the FASB  issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  (“ASU 2016-02”). ASU 2016-02 requires a  lessee to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for leases with lease terms
greater than 12  months. ASU 2016-02 is effective  for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The
Company will adopt this standard as of December 31, 2018, the first day of its 2019 fiscal year, using the modified retrospective approach. The Company will elect an optional practical expedient to retain its current classification of leases,
and as a result, anticipates that the initial impact of adopting this new standard on its consolidated statement of income and consolidated statement of cash flows will not be material. The Company is still finalizing its adoption procedures, but it
anticipates that the adoption of this standard will result in the recognition of additional  right-of-use  assets and lease liabilities for minimum commitments under
noncancelable operating leases of approximately $230 million as of the date of adoption. The Company’s undiscounted minimum lease commitments under its operating leases are disclosed in Note 5. The Company’s accounting for finance
leases under the new guidance will remain consistent with the Company’s current accounting for capital leases.  
 ASU 2016-13, Financial  Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326)  
 In June 2016, the FASB  issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments – Credit
Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  (“ASU 2016-13”). ASU 2016-13 requires companies  to
measure credit losses utilizing a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires a consideration of a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss
 estimates. ASU 2016-13 is effective  for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the
impact of adopting this standard but does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.  
 Use of Estimates    The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
   
 
 
 (2) 
   Earnings per Share   
 The computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share is as follows (in thousands, except share and per share amounts):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Net income available to common stockholders – basic and diluted 
    
 $ 
 361,972 
   
    
 $ 
 277,905 
   
    
 $ 
 214,678 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Weighted average number of common shares 
    
   
 41,856,017 
   
    
   
 45,954,659 
   
    
   
 48,647,167 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – basic 
    
 $ 
 8.65 
   
    
 $ 
 6.05 
   
    
 $ 
 4.41 
   
 
   Diluted weighted average number of common shares 
    
   
 43,331,278 
   
    
   
 47,677,834 
   
    
   
 49,923,859 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted 
    
 $ 
 8.35 
   
    
 $ 
 5.83 
   
    
 $ 
 4.30 
   
   The denominators used in calculating diluted earnings per share for common stock do not include 76,686 options
to purchase common stock in 2018, 145,860 options to purchase common stock in 2017 and 121,075 options to purchase common stock in 2016, as the effect of including these options would be anti-dilutive. The denominator used in calculating diluted
earnings per share for common stock does not include 28,570 shares subject to restricted stock awards in 2018, as the effect of including these shares would have been anti-dilutive. The denominators used in calculating diluted earnings per share for
common stock do not include 81,545 restricted performance shares in 2018, 110,274 restricted performance shares in 2017 and 134,113 restricted performance shares in 2016 as the performance targets for these awards had not yet been met.  
      58  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      

 
 
 (3) 
   Fair Value Measurements     
 Fair value measurements enable the reader of the financial statements to assess the inputs used to develop those measurements by establishing a
hierarchy for ranking the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values. The Company classifies and discloses assets and liabilities carried at fair value in one of the following three categories:  
   
 
 
   
 Level 
   1: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  
   
 
 
   
 Level 
   2: Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data.
     
 
 
   
 Level 
   3: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market data.  
 The fair values of the Company’s cash equivalents and investments in marketable securities are based on quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of certain assets at December 30, 2018:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 30, 2018 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Estimated Using 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Level 1 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 2 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 3 Inputs 
   


 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 11,877 
   
    
 $ 
 11,877 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Restricted cash equivalents 
    
   
 112,272 
   
    
   
 112,272 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Investments in marketable securities 
    
   
 8,718 
   
    
   
 8,718 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Advertising fund cash equivalents, restricted 
    
   
 31,547 
   
    
   
 31,547 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Advertising fund investments, restricted 
    
   
 50,152 
   
    
   
 50,152 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   The following table summarizes the carrying amounts and fair values of certain assets at December 31,
2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
 Fair Value Estimated Using 
   
 
   
    
 Carrying Amount 
   
    
 Level 1 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 2 Inputs 
   
    
 Level 3 Inputs 
   


 
   Cash equivalents 
    
 $ 
 7,933 
   
    
 $ 
 7,933 
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
   Restricted cash equivalents 
    
   
 96,375 
   
    
   
 96,375 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Investments in marketable securities 
    
   
 8,119 
   
    
   
 8,119 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Advertising fund cash equivalents, restricted 
    
   
 19,945 
   
    
   
 19,945 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Advertising fund investments, restricted 
    
   
 74,007 
   
    
   
 74,007 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
     
 
 
 (4) 
   Recapitalizations and Financing Arrangements  
 2018 Recapitalization    On April 24,
2018, the Company completed a recapitalization (the “2018 Recapitalization”) in which certain of the Company’s subsidiaries issued new notes pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The new notes consist of $425.0 million  Series 2018-1 4.116%  Fixed Rate Senior Secured  Notes, Class A-2-I with  an anticipated term of 7.5 years (the  “2018 7.5-Year Fixed  Rate Notes”), and $400.0 million  Series 2018-1 4.328%  Fixed Rate Senior Secured  Notes, Class A-2-II with  an anticipated term of 9.25 years (the  “2018 9.25-Year Fixed  Rate Notes” and, collectively with the
2018 7.5-Year Fixed Rate Notes, the “2018 Notes”). Gross proceeds from the issuance of the 2018 Notes were $825.0 million.  
 A portion of the proceeds from the 2018 Recapitalization was used to repay the remaining $490.1 million in outstanding principal and
interest under the Company’s 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate  Notes, pre-fund a  portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2018 Notes, pay transaction fees and expenses and repurchase and
retire shares of the Company’s common stock. In connection with the repayment of the 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate notes, the Company expensed approximately $3.2 million for the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs associated with these
notes. Additionally, in connection with the 2018 Recapitalization, the Company capitalized $8.2 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the expected terms of the 2018 Notes.  
      59  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  2017 Recapitalization  
 On July 24, 2017, the Company completed a recapitalization (the “2017 Recapitalization”) in which certain of the Company’s
subsidiaries issued new notes pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. The new notes consist of $300.0 million Series  2017-1  Floating Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  with an anticipated term of five years (the “2017 Floating Rate Notes”), $600.0 million Series  2017-1  3.082% Fixed Rate Senior Secured
Notes,  Class A-2-II  with an anticipated term of five years (the “2017 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes”), and $1.0 billion Series  2017-1  4.118% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-III  with an anticipated term of ten years (the “2017  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes” and, collectively with the 2017 Floating Rate Notes and the 2017 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes, the “2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes”). The interest rate on the 2017
Floating Rate Notes is payable at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 125 basis points. Concurrently, the Company also issued a new variable funding note facility which allows for advances of up to $175.0 million of Series
 2017-1  Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-1  (the “2017 Variable Funding Notes”) and certain other credit instruments, including letters of
credit. The 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and the 2017 Variable Funding Notes are collectively referred to as the “2017 Notes.” The 2017 Variable Funding Notes were undrawn on the closing date. Gross proceeds from the issuance of the
2017 Notes were $1.9 billion.    A portion of proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization was used to repay the remaining
$910.5 million in outstanding principal and interest under the outstanding Series  2012-1  5.216% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2  (the “2012
Fixed Rate Notes”),  pre-fund  a portion of the principal and interest payable on the 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and pay transaction fees and expenses, described in additional detail below. In
connection with the issuance of the 2017 Variable Funding Notes, the Company permanently reduced to zero the commitment to fund the 2015 Variable Funding Notes and the 2015 Variable Funding Notes were cancelled. The Company also used a portion of
the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization to enter into a $1.0 billion accelerated share repurchase agreement (the “2017 ASR Agreement”) with a counterparty. See Note 10 for additional detail related to this transaction.  
 2015 Recapitalization    On
October 21, 2015, the Company completed a recapitalization transaction (the “2015 Recapitalization”) in which certain of the Company’s subsidiaries issued new notes pursuant to an asset-backed securitization. In connection with
the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company issued $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes consisting of $500.0 million Series  2015-1  3.484% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  (the “2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes”) and $800.0 million Series  2015-1  4.474% Fixed Rate Senior
Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  (the “2015  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes” and, together with the 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate
Notes, the “2015 Fixed Rate Notes”). Concurrent with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company also issued a revolving financing facility which allowed for advances of up to $125.0 million of Series
 2015-1  Variable Funding Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-1  and issuances of letters of credit (the “2015 Variable Funding Notes” and together with the 2015
Fixed Rate Notes, the “2015 Notes”). The 2018 Notes, 2017 Notes and 2015 Notes are collectively referred to as the “Notes.”    2018
Notes    The 2018 Notes have remaining scheduled principal payments of $8.3 million in each of 2019 through 2024,
$401.4 million in 2025, $4.0 million in 2026 and $366.0 million in 2027. During fiscal 2018, the Company made principal payments of approximately $4.1 million on the 2018 Notes.  
 The legal final maturity date of the 2018 Notes is July 2048, but it is anticipated that, unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under
the related debt agreements, the 2018  7.5-Year  Fixed Rate Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in October 2025, and the 2018
 9.25-Year  Fixed Rate Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in July 2027. If the Company has not repaid or refinanced the 2018 Notes prior to the applicable anticipated
repayment dates, additional interest of at least 5% per annum will accrue, as defined in the related agreements.    2017 Notes  
 The 2017 Notes have remaining scheduled principal payments of $19.0 million in each of 2019 through 2021, $871.8 million in 2022,
$10.0 million in each of 2023 through 2026, and $907.5 million in 2027. During fiscal 2018, the Company made principal payments of approximately $19.0 million on the 2017 Notes.  
      60  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The legal final maturity date of the 2017 Notes is October 2047, but it is anticipated that,
unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the related debt agreements, the 2017 Floating Rate Notes and 2017 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in July 2022, and the 2017  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in July 2027. If the Company has not repaid or refinanced the 2017 Notes prior to the applicable anticipated repayment
dates, additional interest of at least 5% per annum will accrue, as defined in the related agreements.    The 2017 Variable Funding Notes
allow for advances of up to $175.0 million and issuance of certain other credit instruments, including letters of credit. At the closing date of the 2017 Recapitalization, interest on the 2017 Variable Funding Notes was payable at a per year
rate equal to LIBOR plus 180 basis points. On December 15, 2017, certain of the Company’s subsidiaries entered into an agreement to reduce the rate from LIBOR plus 180 basis points to LIBOR plus 150 basis points. The 2017 Variable Funding
Notes were undrawn at closing. The unused portion of the 2017 Variable Funding Notes is subject to a commitment fee ranging from 50 to 100 basis points depending on utilization. It is anticipated that any amounts outstanding on the 2017 Variable
Funding Notes will be repaid in full on or prior to July 2022, subject to two additional  one-year  extensions at the option of the Company, subject to certain conditions. Following the anticipated repayment
date (and any extensions thereof), additional interest will accrue on the 2017 Variable Funding Notes equal to 5% per annum. As of December 30, 2018, the Company had $65.0 million of outstanding borrowings and $61.9 million of
available borrowing capacity under its 2017 Variable Funding Notes, net of letters of credit issued of $48.1 million.    2015 Notes  
 The 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes were repaid in connection with the 2018 Recapitalization. The 2015
 Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes have remaining scheduled principal payments of $8.0 million in 2019 through 2024 and $732.0 million in 2025. During fiscal 2018, the Company made principal payments of
approximately $492.5 million on the 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes and $8.0 million on the 2015  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes.  
 The legal final maturity date of the 2015  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes is in October 2045, but it is
anticipated that, unless earlier prepaid to the extent permitted under the related debt agreements, the 2015  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes will be repaid on or prior to the anticipated repayment date occurring in
October 2025. If the Company has not repaid or refinanced the 2015  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes prior to the applicable anticipated repayment date, additional interest will accrue of at least 5% per annum, as
defined in the related agreements.    Debt Issuance Costs and Transaction-Related Expenses  
 During 2018 and in connection with the 2018 Recapitalization, the Company incurred approximately $3.8 million of net  pre-tax  expenses, primarily related to $3.2 million in expense related to the  write-off  of debt issuance costs associated with the repayment of the 2015 Five-Year Fixed
Rate Notes. The Company also incurred approximately $0.1 million of interest expense on the 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes subsequent to the closing of the 2018 Recapitalization but prior to the repayment of the 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate
Notes, resulting in the payment of interest on both the full amount of the 2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes and 2018 Notes for a short period of time. Further, the Company incurred $0.5 million of other net 2018 Recapitalization-related general
and administrative expenses, including legal and professional fees. In connection with the 2018 Recapitalization, the Company recorded $8.2 million of debt issuance costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the 7.5 and  9.25-year  expected terms of the 2018 Notes.    During 2017 and in connection with the 2017
Recapitalization, the Company incurred approximately $6.4 million of net  pre-tax  expenses, primarily related to $5.5 million in expense related to the
 write-off  of debt issuance costs associated with the repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes. The Company also incurred approximately $0.3 million of interest expense on the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes
subsequent to the closing of the 2017 Recapitalization but prior to the repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, resulting in the payment of interest on both the full amount of the 2012 and 2017 Notes for a short period of time. Further, the Company
incurred $0.6 million of other net 2017 Recapitalization-related general and administrative expenses, including legal and professional fees. In connection with the 2017 Recapitalization, the Company recorded $16.8 million of debt issuance
costs, which are being amortized into interest expense over the five and  ten-year  expected terms of the 2017 Notes.  
      61  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  During fiscal 2015 and in connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company incurred
approximately $8.1 million of net  pre-tax  expenses, primarily related to $6.9 million in expense related to the  write-off of  debt issuance costs
associated with the partial repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes. The Company also incurred approximately $0.4 million of interest expense on the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes subsequent to the closing of the 2015 Recapitalization but prior to the
repayment of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, resulting in the payment of interest on both the full amount of the 2012 and 2015 Fixed Rate Notes for a short period of time. Further, the Company incurred $0.9 million of other net 2015
Recapitalization-related general and administrative expenses, including legal and professional fees. In connection with the 2015 Recapitalization, the Company recorded $17.4 million of debt issuance costs.  
 Guarantees and Covenants of the Notes  
 The Notes are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of DPLLC and secured by a security interest in substantially all of the assets of the Company,
including royalty and certain other income from all U.S. and international stores, U.S. supply chain income and intellectual property. The restrictions placed on the Company’s subsidiaries require that the Company’s principal and interest
obligations have first priority and amounts are segregated weekly to ensure appropriate funds are reserved to pay the quarterly principal and interest amounts due. The amount of weekly cash flow that exceeds the required weekly interest reserve is
generally remitted to the Company in the form of a dividend. However, once the required obligations are satisfied, there are no further restrictions, including payment of dividends, on the cash flows of the subsidiaries.  
 The Notes are subject to certain financial and  non-financial  covenants, including a debt service
coverage ratio calculation, as defined in the related agreements. The covenants, among other things, may limit the ability of certain of the Company’s subsidiaries to declare dividends, make loans or advances or enter into transactions with
affiliates. In the event that certain covenants are not met, the Notes may become partially or fully due and payable on an accelerated schedule. In addition, the Company may voluntarily prepay, in part or in full, the Notes at any time, subject to
certain make-whole interest obligations.    While the Notes are outstanding, scheduled payments of principal and interest are required to be
made on a quarterly basis. The payment of principal of the 2018 Notes, the 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and the 2015 Fixed Rate Notes shall be suspended if the leverage ratio for the Company is less than or equal to 5.0x total debt, as
defined, to adjusted EBITDA, as defined. Scheduled principal payments will resume upon failure to satisfy the aforementioned leverage ratio on an ongoing basis and no  catch-up  provisions are applicable.  
 Prior to the 2017 Recapitalization and the repayment of the remaining principal and interest under the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes, the payment of
principal of the 2012 Fixed Rate Notes and 2015 Fixed Rate Notes was to be suspended if the leverage ratios for the Company were less than or equal to 4.5x total debt to adjusted EBITDA, as defined, and there were no scheduled principal  catch-up  amounts outstanding; provided, that during any such suspension, principal payments would continue to accrue and were subject to  catch-up  upon failure to satisfy the
aforementioned leverage ratios on an ongoing basis.    During the first quarter of 2017, the Company met the maximum leverage ratios under
the Company’s then outstanding 2012 Fixed Rate Notes and 2015 Notes of less than 4.5x, and, in accordance with the Company’s debt agreements, ceased debt amortization payments beginning in the second quarter of 2017. The Company continued
to meet the maximum leverage ratios of less than 4.5x in the third quarter prior to the 2017 Recapitalization and accordingly, did not make previously scheduled debt amortization payments in accordance with the debt agreements. Subsequent to the
2017 Recapitalization, the Company’s leverage ratios exceeded the new maximum leverage ratio of 5.0x and, accordingly, the Company began making the scheduled amortization payments on the Notes.  
      62  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Consolidated Long-Term Debt  
 At December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, consolidated long-term debt consisted of the following (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   3.484%
 Class A-2-I  Notes; repaid in connection with the 2018 Recapitalization 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 492,500 
   
 
   4.474%
 Class A-2-II  Notes; expected repayment date October 2025; legal final maturity October 2045 
    
   
 780,000 
   
    
   
 788,000 
   
 
   3.082%
 Class A-2-II  Notes; expected repayment date July 2022; legal final maturity July 2047 
    
   
 592,500 
   
    
   
 598,500 
   
 
   4.118%
 Class A-2-III  Notes; expected repayment date July 2027; legal final maturity July 2047 
    
   
 987,500 
   
    
   
 997,500 
   
 
   Floating Rate
 Class A-2-I  Notes; expected repayment date July 2022; legal final maturity July 2047 
    
   
 296,250 
   
    
   
 299,250 
   
 
   4.116%
 Class A-2-I  Notes; expected repayment date October 2025; legal final maturity July 2048 
    
   
 422,875 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   4.328%
 Class A-2-II  Notes; expected repayment date July 2027; legal final maturity July 2048 
    
   
 398,000 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2017 Variable Funding Notes 
    
   
 65,000 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Capital lease obligations 
    
   
 17,006 
   
    
   
 5,437 
   
 
   Debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of $8.2 million in 2018 and
$6.8 million in 2017 
    
   
 (27,547 
 )  
    
   
 (27,373 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total debt 
    
   
 3,531,584 
   
    
   
 3,153,814 
   
 
   Less – current portion 
    
   
 35,893 
   
    
   
 32,324 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated long-term debt, net of debt issuance costs 
    
 $ 
 3,495,691 
   
    
 $ 
 3,121,490 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   At December 30, 2018, maturities of long-term debt and capital lease obligations are as follows (in
thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   2019 
    
 $ 
 35,893 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 35,956 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 36,026 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 953,856 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 27,195 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 2,470,205 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 3,559,131 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   Fair Value Disclosures  
 Management estimated the approximate fair values of the 2018 Notes, 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and 2015 Notes as follows
(in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 30, 2018 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
 
   
    
 Principal Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Principal Amount 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   2015 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 492,500 
   
    
 $ 
 494,470 
   
 
   2015  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes 
    
   
 780,000 
   
    
   
 783,120 
   
    
   
 788,000 
   
    
   
 821,884 
   
 
   2017 Five-Year Fixed Rate Notes 
    
   
 592,500 
   
    
   
 575,910 
   
    
   
 598,500 
   
    
   
 592,515 
   
 
   2017  Ten-Year  Fixed Rate Notes 
    
   
 987,500 
   
    
   
 956,888 
   
    
   
 997,500 
   
    
   
 1,023,435 
   
 
   2017 Five-Year Floating Rate Notes 
    
   
 296,250 
   
    
   
 295,065 
   
    
   
 299,250 
   
    
   
 300,746 
   
 
   2018 7.5-Year Fixed  Rate Notes 
    
   
 422,875 
   
    
   
 416,955 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   2018  9.25-Year  Fixed Rate Notes 
    
   
 398,000 
   
    
   
 396,010 
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
   At December 30, 2018, the Company had $65.0 million outstanding under its 2017 Variable Funding
Notes, which is a variable rate loan. The fair value of this loan approximates book value based on the borrowing rates currently available for variable rate loans obtained from third party lending institutions. This fair value represents a
Level 2 measurement (Note 3). The Company did not have any borrowings outstanding under its 2017 Variable Funding Notes at December 31, 2017.  
      63  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The 2018 Notes, 2017 Fixed and Floating Rate Notes and 2015 Notes are classified as a
Level 2 measurement (Note 3), as the Company estimated the fair value amount by using available market information. The Company obtained broker quotes from two separate brokerage firms that are knowledgeable about the Company’s Notes and,
at times, trade these notes. Further, the Company performs its own internal analysis based on the information it gathers from public markets, including information on notes that are similar to that of the Company. However, considerable judgment is
required in interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value.    Accordingly, the fair value estimates presented herein are not
necessarily indicative of the amount that the Company or the debtholders could realize in a current market exchange. The use of different assumptions and/or estimation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair values calculated
above.      
 
 
 (5) 
   Commitments and Contingencies  
 Lease Commitments    As of December 30,
2018, the future minimum rental commitments for all  non-cancelable  leases are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Operating Leases 
   
    
 Capital Leases 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   2019 
    
 $ 
 40,752 
   
    
 $ 
 2,396 
   
    
 $ 
 43,148 
   
 
   2020 
    
   
 37,519 
   
    
   
 2,415 
   
    
   
 39,934 
   
 
   2021 
    
   
 34,538 
   
    
   
 2,433 
   
    
   
 36,971 
   
 
   2022 
    
   
 30,763 
   
    
   
 2,451 
   
    
   
 33,214 
   
 
   2023 
    
   
 27,388 
   
    
   
 2,474 
   
    
   
 29,862 
   
 
   Thereafter 
    
   
 100,310 
   
    
   
 23,781 
   
    
   
 124,091 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total future minimum rental commitments 
    
 $ 
 271,270 
   
    
   
 35,950 
   
    
 $ 
 307,220 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Less – amounts representing interest 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (18,944 
 )  
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total principal payable on capital leases 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 17,006 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   Future minimum rental commitments for  non-cancelable  leases do not
include  non-lease  components for common area maintenance, real estate taxes or insurance for the Company’s real estate leases or the variable rate per mile driven and fixed maintenance charges for the
Company’s supply chain center tractors and trailers.    As of December 30, 2018, the Company has additional operating leases for
supply chain center tractors and trailers and a  build-to-suit  arrangement for a new building constructed by the Company’s landlord that had not yet commenced with
estimated future minimum rental commitments of approximately $39.1 million. The Company has also entered into an additional finance lease for a supply chain center that had not yet commenced with estimated future minimum rental commitments of
approximately $28.7 million. These leases are expected to commence in 2019 with lease terms of up to 15 years. These amounts are not included in the table above.  
 Legal Proceedings and Related Matters  
 The Company is a party to lawsuits, revenue agent reviews by taxing authorities and legal proceedings, of which the majority involve
workers’ compensation, employment practices liability, general liability and automobile and franchisee claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company records legal fees associated with loss contingencies when they are probable
and reasonably estimable.    Litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and the outcome of individual litigated matters is not predictable
with assurance. These matters referenced above could be decided unfavorably to us and could require us to pay damages or make other expenditures in amounts or a range of amounts that cannot be estimated with accuracy. In management’s opinion,
these matters, individually and in the aggregate, should not have a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, and the established accruals adequately provide for the estimated resolution of such claims.  
      64  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  On February 14, 2011, Domino’s Pizza LLC was named as a defendant in a lawsuit
along with Fischler Enterprises of C.F., Inc., a franchisee, and Jeffrey S. Kidd, the franchisee’s delivery driver, filed by Yvonne Wiederhold, the plaintiff, as Personal Representative of the Estate of Richard E. Wiederhold, deceased. The case
involved a traffic accident in which the franchisee’s delivery driver is alleged to have caused an accident involving a vehicle driven by Richard Wiederhold. Mr. Wiederhold sustained spinal injuries resulting in quadriplegia and passed
away several months after the accident. The jury returned a $10.1 million judgment for the plaintiff where the Company and Mr. Kidd were found to be 90% liable (after certain offsets and other deductions the final verdict was $8.9
million). In the second quarter of 2016, the trial court ruled on all post-judgment motions and entered the judgment. The Company denies liability and in the third quarter of 2016 filed an appeal of the verdict on a variety of grounds. On
May 11, 2018, the court of appeals reversed and remanded the case to the trial court for a new trial based on the plaintiff’s improper closing argument. The Company continues to deny liability in this matter.  
 (6)    Income Taxes  
 Income before provision for income taxes in 2018, 2017 and 2016 consists of the following (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   U.S. 
    
 $ 
 414,804 
   
    
 $ 
 386,989 
   
    
 $ 
 334,892 
   
 
   Foreign 
    
   
 13,874 
   
    
   
 13,164 
   
    
   
 9,766 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 428,678 
   
    
 $ 
 400,153 
   
    
 $ 
 344,658 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The differences between the U.S. Federal statutory income tax provision (using the statutory rate of 21% in
2018 and the statutory rate of 35% in 2017 and 2016) and the Company’s consolidated provision for income taxes for 2018, 2017 and 2016 are summarized as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Federal income tax provision based on the statutory rate 
    
 $ 
 90,022 
   
    
 $ 
 140,054 
   
    
 $ 
 120,630 
   
 
   State and local income taxes, net of related Federal income taxes 
    
   
 14,233 
   
    
   
 11,520 
   
    
   
 9,787 
   
 
   Non-resident  withholding and foreign income taxes 

    
   
 21,369 
   
    
   
 20,210 
   
    
   
 17,275 
   
 
   Foreign tax and other tax credits 
    
   
 (25,301 
 )  
    
   
 (23,324 
 )  
    
   
 (20,049 
 )  
 
   Foreign derived intangible income 
    
   
 (11,760 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Excess tax benefits from equity-based compensation 
    
   
 (23,786 
 )  
    
   
 (27,227 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Non-deductible  expenses, net 
    
   
 1,999 
   
    
   
 1,794 
   
    
   
 1,579 
   
 
   Unrecognized tax provision (benefit), net of related Federal income taxes 
    
   
 301 
   
    
   
 (173 
 )  
    
   
 (98 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 (371 
 )  
    
   
 (606 
 )  
    
   
 856 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 66,706 
   
    
 $ 
 122,248 
   
    
 $ 
 129,980 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The Company adopted ASU  2016-09,   Compensation – Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  (“ASU  2016-09”)  during 2017, which is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based
compensation arrangements. As a result, excess tax benefits or deficiencies from equity-based compensation activity are now reflected in the Company’s consolidated statements of income as a component of the provision for income taxes, whereas
they previously were recognized in the consolidated statement of stockholders’ deficit. The adoption of ASU  2016-09  resulted in a decrease in the Company’s provision for income taxes of
$23.8 million in 2018 and $27.2 million in 2017, primarily due to the recognition of excess tax benefits for options exercised and the vesting of equity awards.  
 The components of the 2018, 2017 and 2016 consolidated provision for income taxes are as follows (in thousands):  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Provision for Federal income taxes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current provision 
    
 $ 
 33,558 
   
    
 $ 
 81,747 
   
    
 $ 
 100,673 
   
 
   Deferred provision (benefit) 
    
   
 (1,543 
 )  
    
   
 6,732 
   
    
   
 (3,096 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total provision for Federal income taxes 
    
   
 32,015 
   
    
   
 88,479 
   
    
   
 97,577 
   
 
   Provision for state and local income taxes 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Current provision 
    
   
 12,651 
   
    
   
 14,131 
   
    
   
 15,091 
   
 
   Deferred provision (benefit) 
    
   
 671 
   
    
   
 (572 
 )  
    
   
 37 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total provision for state and local income taxes 
    
   
 13,322 
   
    
   
 13,559 
   
    
   
 15,128 
   
 
   Provision for  non-resident  withholding and foreign income
taxes 
    
   
 21,369 
   
    
   
 20,210 
   
    
   
 17,275 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 66,706 
   
    
 $ 
 122,248 
   
    
 $ 
 129,980 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      65  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  As of December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, the significant components of net
deferred income taxes are as follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Deferred income tax assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Insurance reserves 
    
 $ 
 10,253 
   
    
 $ 
 9,957 
   
 
   Equity compensation 
    
   
 9,705 
   
    
   
 9,277 
   
 
   Other accruals and reserves 
    
   
 10,636 
   
    
   
 8,532 
   
 
   Foreign tax credit 
    
   
 4,600 
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Other 
    
   
 6,029 
   
    
   
 4,801 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred income tax assets 
    
   
 41,223 
   
    
   
 32,567 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Deferred income tax liabilities 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Depreciation, amortization and asset basis differences 
    
   
 10,505 
   
    
   
 4,655 
   
 
   Capitalized software 
    
   
 25,192 
   
    
   
 22,248 
   
 
   Gain on debt extinguishments 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 2,914 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred income tax liabilities 
    
   
 35,697 
   
    
   
 29,817 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred income taxes 
    
 $ 
 5,526 
   
    
 $ 
 2,750 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   As of December 30, 2018, the Company had unused foreign tax credits of $4.6 million which can be
carried back for one year to be fully utilized against its U.S. federal income tax liability. Realization of the Company’s deferred tax assets is dependent upon many factors, including, but not limited to, the Company’s ability to generate
sufficient taxable income. Although realization of the Company’s net deferred tax assets is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized. On an ongoing basis, management will
assess whether it remains more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will be realized.    For financial reporting purposes, the
Company’s investment in foreign subsidiaries does not exceed its tax basis. Therefore, no deferred income taxes have been provided.  
 The Company recognizes the financial statement benefit of a tax position if it is more likely than not that the position is sustainable, based
solely on its technical merits and consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s widely understood administrative practices and precedents. For tax positions meeting the “more likely than not”   threshold, the amount
recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company recognizes accrued interest related to
unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and penalties in income tax expense.    At December 30, 2018, the amount of unrecognized
tax benefits was $2.0 million of which, if ultimately recognized, $1.8 million would be recognized as an income tax benefit and reduce the Company’s effective tax rate. At December 30, 2018, the Company had less than
$0.1 million of accrued interest and no accrued penalties.    At December 31, 2017, the amount of unrecognized tax benefits was
$1.8 million of which, if ultimately recognized, $1.5 million would be recognized as an income tax benefit and reduce the Company’s effective tax rate. At December 31, 2017, the Company had less than $0.1 million of accrued
interest and no accrued penalties.  
      66  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as
follows (in thousands):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Balance as of January 3, 2016 
    
 $ 
 2,115 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 209 
   
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (33 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (337 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of January 1, 2017 
    
   
 1,954 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 224 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 42 
   
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (10 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (373 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 31, 2017 
    
   
 1,837 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of current year 
    
   
 425 
   
 
   Additions for tax positions of prior years 
    
   
 115 
   
 
   Reductions in tax positions from prior years for: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Changes in prior year tax positions 
    
   
 (64 
 )  
 
   Lapses of applicable statute of limitations 
    
   
 (349 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance as of December 30, 2018 
    
 $ 
 1,964 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   The Company is currently under examination by the IRS for the 2015 tax year. The Company continues to be under
examination by certain states. The Company’s Federal statute of limitation has expired for years prior to 2015 and the relevant state and foreign statutes vary. The Company expects the current ongoing examinations to be concluded in the next
twelve months and does not expect the assessment of any significant additional amounts in excess of amounts reserved.    Tax Cuts and Jobs Act  
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “2017 Tax Act”), which was enacted on December 22, 2017, had a significant impact on the
Company’s consolidated provision for income taxes for the year ended December 30, 2018. The most significant impacts include but are not limited to reducing the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent,
establishing a deduction for foreign derived intangible income and imposing new limitations on certain executive compensation and foreign tax credits.  
 The Company recognized the enactment-date income tax effects of the 2017 Tax Act in its 2017 financial statements in accordance with Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 118, which provides SEC staff guidance for the application of ASC Topic 740,  Income Taxes , in the reporting period in which the 2017 Tax Act was signed into law. As of December 30, 2018, the Company has
completed its accounting for all enactment-date tax effects of the 2017 Tax Act and current period adjustments related to these items were immaterial.      
 
 
 (7) 
   Employee Benefits  
 The Company has a retirement savings plan which qualifies under Internal Revenue Code Section 401(k). All employees of the Company who
have completed 1,000 hours of service and are at least 18 years of age are eligible to participate in the plan. During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the plan required the Company to match 100% of the first 3% of each employee’s elective deferrals and
50% of the next 2% of each employee’s elective deferrals. Effective January 1, 2019, the plan will require the Company to match 100% of the first 5% of each employee’s elective deferrals. During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company’s
matching contributions were made in the form of cash and vested immediately. The expenses incurred for Company contributions to the plan were approximately $7.3 million, $6.1 million and $5.2 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively.    The Company has established a  non-qualified  deferred compensation plan available
for certain key employees. Under this self-funding plan, the participants may defer up to 40% of their base salary and up to 80% of their bonus compensation. The participants direct the investment of their deferred compensation within several
investment funds. The Company is not required to contribute and did not contribute to this plan during 2018, 2017 or 2016.  
      67  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The Company has an employee stock payroll deduction plan (the “ESPDP”). Under the
ESPDP, eligible employees may deduct up to 15% of their eligible wages to purchase common stock at 85% of the market price of the stock at the purchase date. The ESPDP requires employees to hold their purchased common stock for at least one year.
The Company purchases common stock on the open market for the ESPDP at the current market price. There were 19,494 shares, 21,744 shares and 23,317 shares of common stock in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, purchased on the open market for
participating employees at a weighted-average price of $249.57 in 2018, $188.57 in 2017 and $131.74 in 2016. The expenses incurred under the ESPDP were approximately $0.7 million, $0.7 million and $0.5 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016,
respectively.      
 
 
 (8) 
   Financial Instruments with  Off-Balance  Sheet Risk
   The Company is a party to  stand-by  letters of credit. The Company’s
exposure to credit loss for  stand-by  letters of credit is represented by the contractual amounts of these instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making conditional obligations as it does for
 on-balance  sheet instruments. Total conditional commitments under letters of credit as of December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 are $48.1 million and $46.7 million, respectively, and
relate to the Company’s insurance programs and supply chain center leases. The Company has also guaranteed lease payments related to certain franchisees’ lease arrangements. The maximum amount of potential future payments under these
guarantees was $2.4 million and $1.5 million as of December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively.      
 
 
 (9) 
   Equity Incentive Plans  
 The cost of all employee stock options, as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements, is reflected in the consolidated statements of
income based on the estimated fair value of the awards and is amortized over the requisite service period of each award.    The
Company’s current equity incentive plan benefits certain of the Company’s employees and directors and is named the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2004 Equity Incentive Plan”). As of December 30,
2018, the maximum number of shares that may be granted under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is 15,600,000 shares of voting common stock of which 2,708,278 shares were authorized for grant but have not been granted.  
 The Company recorded total  non-cash  compensation expense of $22.8 million, $20.7 million and
$18.6 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. All  non-cash  compensation expense amounts are recorded in general and administrative expense. The Company recorded a deferred tax benefit related to  non-cash  compensation expense of approximately $4.0 million in 2018 and $5.2 million in 2017.  
 The Company adopted ASU  2016-09  during 2017, which is intended to simplify several areas of accounting
for share-based compensation arrangements. As a result, excess tax benefits or deficiencies from equity-based compensation activity are now reflected in the Company’s consolidated statements of income as a component of the provision for income
taxes, whereas they previously were recognized in the consolidated statement of stockholders’ deficit. The Company also elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than to use an estimate of expected forfeitures for financial
statement reporting purposes. The Company’s election to account for forfeitures as they occur had an immaterial impact on its equity-based compensation expense.  
 Stock Options    As of December 30,
2018, the number of stock options granted and outstanding under the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan was 1,909,399 options. Stock options granted in fiscal 2009 through fiscal 2012 were granted with an exercise price equal to the market price at the date
of the grant, expire ten years from the date of grant and generally vest over three years from the date of grant. Stock options granted in fiscal 2013 through fiscal 2018 were granted with an exercise price equal to the market price at the date of
the grant, expire ten years from the date of grant and generally vest over four years from the date of grant. Additionally, all stock options granted become fully exercisable upon vesting. These awards also contain provisions for accelerated vesting
upon the retirement of holders that have achieved specific service and age requirements.  
      68  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Stock option activity related to the 2004 Equity Incentive Plan is summarized as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Common Stock Options 
   
 
   
    
 Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Weighted Average Remaining Life 
   
    
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value 
   
 
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
 (Years) 
   
    
 (In thousands) 
   


 
   Stock options at January 3, 2016 
    
   
 3,323,476 
   
    
 $ 
 28.57 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 233,280 
   
    
   
 129.42 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (12,798 
 )  
    
   
 104.23 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (1,045,648 
 )  
    
   
 14.38 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options at January 1, 2017 
    
   
 2,498,310 
   
    
 $ 
 43.54 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 126,720 
   
    
   
 201.19 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (28,991 
 )  
    
   
 101.97 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (357,925 
 )  
    
   
 17.05 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options at December 31, 2017 
    
   
 2,238,114 
   
    
 $ 
 55.94 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options granted 
    
   
 96,580 
   
    
   
 266.11 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options cancelled 
    
   
 (11,193 
 )  
    
   
 174.63 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Stock options exercised 
    
   
 (414,102 
 )  
    
   
 23.74 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Stock options at December 30, 2018 
    
   
 1,909,399 
   
    
 $ 
 72.86 
   
    
   
 4.5 
   
    
 $ 
 340,555 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at December 30, 2018 
    
   
 1,698,583 
   
    
 $ 
 56.40 
   
    
   
 4.0 
   
    
 $ 
 328,788 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was approximately $91.2 million, $62.0 million
and $128.0 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Cash received from the exercise of stock options was approximately $9.8 million, $6.1 million and $15.2 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The tax benefit
realized from stock options exercised was approximately $22.0 million, $23.0 million and $46.1 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  
 The Company recorded total  non-cash  compensation expense of $6.3 million, $6.8 million and
$4.9 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, related to stock option awards. As of December 30, 2018, there was $7.8 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted under the 2004 Equity
Incentive Plan which generally will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the related vesting period. This unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.8 years.  
 Management estimated the fair value of each option grant made during 2018, 2017 and 2016 as of the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing method. Weighted average assumptions are presented in the following table. The risk-free interest rate is based on the estimated effective life and is estimated based on U.S. Treasury Bond rates as of the grant date. The expected life
is based on several factors, including, among other things, the vesting term and contractual term as well as historical experience. The expected volatility is based principally on the historical volatility of the Company’s share price.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
   
 2017 
   
   
 2016 
   


 
   Risk-free interest rate 
    
   
 2.7 
 %  
   
   
 2.0 
 %  
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
 
   Expected life (years) 
    
   
 5.5 
   
   
   
 5.5 
   
   
   
 5.5 
   
 
   Expected volatility 
    
   
 24.2 
 %  
   
   
 25.8 
 %  
   
   
 26.0 
 %  
 
   Expected dividend yield 
    
   
 0.8 
 %  
   
   
 0.9 
 %  
   
   
 1.2 
 %  
 
   Weighted average fair value per stock option 
    
 $ 
 67.65 
   
   
 $ 
 49.57 
   
   
 $ 
 29.59 
   
   Option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions. In management’s opinion,
existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of the Company’s stock options, as changes in subjective input assumptions can significantly affect the fair value estimate.  
      69  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  Other Equity-Based Compensation Arrangements  
 The Company granted 3,790 shares, 4,410 shares and 6,920 shares of restricted stock in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, to members of its
Board of Directors. These grants generally vest one year from the date of the grant and have a fair value equal to the market price of the Company’s stock on the grant date. These awards also contain provisions for accelerated vesting upon the
retirement of holders that have achieved specific service and age requirements. The Company recorded total  non-cash  compensation expense of $0.8 million, $0.8 million and $0.9 million in 2018,
2017 and 2016, respectively, related to these restricted stock awards. As of December 30, 2018, there was less than $0.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to these restricted stock grants.  
 In 2018, the Company granted 28,570 shares of restricted stock to two executives of the Company. These grants will vest four years from the
date of the grant and have a fair value equal to the market price of the Company’s stock on the grant date. These awards also contain provisions for accelerated vesting upon the retirement of holders that have achieved specific service and age
requirements. The Company recorded total  non-cash  compensation expense of $1.1 million in 2018 related to these restricted stock awards. As of December 30, 2018, there was $7.0 million of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to these restricted stock grants.    The Company granted 59,070 shares, 67,840 shares and 90,730
shares of performance-based restricted stock in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, to certain employees of the Company. These performance-based restricted stock awards are separated into four tranches and have time-based and performance-based
vesting conditions with the last tranche vesting four years from the issuance date. These awards also contain provisions for accelerated vesting upon the retirement of holders that have achieved specific service and age requirements. These awards
are considered granted for accounting purposes when the performance target is set, which is generally in the fourth quarter of each year. The Company recorded total  non-cash  compensation expense of
$14.6 million, $13.1 million and $12.8 million in 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively, related to these awards. As of December 30, 2018, there was an estimated $27.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
performance-based restricted stock.    Restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock activity related to the 2004 Equity Incentive
Plan is summarized as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 
   


 
   Nonvested at January 3, 2016 
    
   
 316,332 
   
    
 $ 
 75.74 
   
 
   Shares granted (1) 
    
   
 97,650 
   
    
   
 131.75 
   
 
   Shares cancelled 
    
   
 (13,970 
 )  
    
   
 88.34 
   
 
   Shares vested 
    
   
 (123,792 
 )  
    
   
 70.39 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Nonvested at January 1, 2017 
    
   
 276,220 
   
    
 $ 
 97.48 
   
 
   Shares granted (1) 
    
   
 72,250 
   
    
   
 205.21 
   
 
   Shares cancelled 
    
   
 (16,109 
 )  
    
   
 115.71 
   
 
   Shares vested 
    
   
 (137,757 
 )  
    
   
 80.55 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Nonvested at December 31, 2017 
    
   
 194,604 
   
    
 $ 
 147.94 
   
 
   Shares granted (1) 
    
   
 91,430 
   
    
   
 271.33 
   
 
   Shares cancelled 
    
   
 (12,692 
 )  
    
   
 178.06 
   
 
   Shares vested 
    
   
 (82,963 
 )  
    
   
 128.57 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Nonvested at December 30, 2018 
    
   
 190,379 
   
    
 $ 
 213.57 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
   The weighted average grant date fair value for performance-based restricted shares granted was calculated based
on the market price on the grant dates. Certain tranches will ultimately be valued when the performance condition is established for each tranche, which generally occurs in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.  
      70  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      

 
 
 (10) 
   Capital Structure  
 The Company has a Board of Directors-approved open market share repurchase program of the Company’s common stock, which was reset during
the first quarter of 2018 to $750.0 million. The open market share repurchase program has historically been funded by excess operating cash flows, excess proceeds from the Company’s recapitalization transactions and borrowings under the
Company’s variable funding notes.    On August 2, 2017, the Company entered into the $1.0 billion 2017 ASR Agreement with a
counterparty. Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 ASR Agreement, on August 3, 2017, as part of its Board of Directors-approved share repurchase program, the Company used a portion of the proceeds from the 2017 Recapitalization to pay the
counterparty $1.0 billion in cash to repurchase shares of the Company’s common stock. Final settlement of the 2017 ASR Agreement occurred on October 11, 2017. In connection with the 2017 ASR Agreement, the Company received and retired
a total of 5,218,670 shares of its common stock at an average price of $191.62.    During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Company repurchased
2,387,430 shares, 5,576,249 shares and 2,816,716 shares (including the 456,936 shares of its common stock received in the first quarter of 2016 in connection with the settlement of the Company’s $600.0 million accelerated share repurchase
agreement with a counterparty entered into on October 27, 2015) for approximately $591.2 million, $1.06 billion and $300.3 million, respectively. At December 30, 2018, the Company had $158.8 million remaining under its
$750.0 million authorization. The Company’s policy is to recognize the difference between the purchase price and par value of the common stock in additional  paid-in  capital. In instances where there
is no additional  paid-in  capital, the difference is recognized in retained deficit. From December 31, 2018 through February 14, 2019, the Company repurchased and retired an additional 33,549 shares
of common stock for a total of approximately $8.1 million, or an average price of $242.74 per share.    As of December 30, 2018,
authorized common stock consists of 160,000,000 voting shares and 10,000,000  non-voting  shares. The share components of outstanding common stock at December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017 are as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   Voting 
    
   
 40,974,200 
   
    
   
 42,881,905 
   
 
   Non-Voting 
    
   
 3,361 
   
    
   
 16,424 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Common Stock 
    
   
 40,977,561 
   
    
   
 42,898,329 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (11) 
   Segment Information  
 The Company has three reportable segments: (i) U.S. Stores; (ii) Supply Chain; and (iii) International Franchise.  
 The Company’s operations are organized by management on the combined basis of line of business and geography. The U.S. Stores segment
includes operations with respect to all franchised and Company-owned stores throughout the U.S. The Supply Chain segment primarily includes the distribution of food, equipment and supplies to stores from the Company’s supply chain center
operations in the U.S. and Canada. The International Franchise segment primarily includes operations related to the Company’s franchising business in foreign markets.  
 The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1. The Company evaluates the performance of its
segments and allocates resources to them based on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and other, referred to as Segment Income.  
 The tables below summarize the financial information concerning the Company’s reportable segments for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016.
Intersegment Revenues are comprised of sales of food, equipment and supplies from the Supply Chain segment to the Company-owned stores in the U.S. Stores segment. Intersegment sales prices are market based. The “Other” column as it relates
to Segment Income and income from operations information below primarily includes corporate administrative costs. The “Other” column as it relates to capital expenditures primarily includes capitalized software, certain equipment and
leasehold improvements. Tabular amounts presented below are in thousands.  
      71  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 U.S. Stores (1) 
   
    
 Supply Chain 
   
    
 International Franchise (2) 
   
    
 Intersegment Revenues 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Revenues- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 1,264,823 
   
    
 $ 
 2,087,408 
   
    
 $ 
 224,747 
   
    
 $ 
 (144,111 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
 $ 
 3,432,867 
   
 
   2017 
    
   
 842,233 
   
    
   
 1,874,943 
   
    
   
 206,708 
   
    
   
 (135,905 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,787,979 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 751,284 
   
    
   
 1,669,000 
   
    
   
 176,999 
   
    
   
 (124,655 
 )  
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 2,472,628 
   
 
   Segment Income- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 335,989 
   
    
 $ 
 176,714 
   
    
 $ 
 174,700 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 (43,462 
 )  
   
 $ 
 643,941 
   
 
   2017 
    
   
 306,406 
   
    
   
 163,077 
   
    
   
 161,263 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (46,958 
 )  
   
   
 583,788 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 271,794 
   
    
   
 144,130 
   
    
   
 138,487 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (42,802 
 )  
   
   
 511,609 
   
 
   Income from Operations- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 329,044 
   
    
 $ 
 162,392 
   
    
 $ 
 174,503 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 (94,250 
 )  
   
 $ 
 571,689 
   
 
   2017 
    
   
 298,852 
   
    
   
 151,622 
   
    
   
 161,066 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (90,308 
 )  
   
   
 521,232 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 261,826 
   
    
   
 133,745 
   
    
   
 138,306 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 (79,835 
 )  
   
   
 454,042 
   
 
   Capital Expenditures- 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 15,717 
   
    
 $ 
 61,652 
   
    
 $ 
 134 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
 $ 
 42,171 
   
   
 $ 
 119,674 
   
 
   2017 
    
   
 20,579 
   
    
   
 34,123 
   
    
   
 28 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 35,527 
   
   
   
 90,257 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 18,225 
   
    
   
 11,527 
   
    
   
 642 
   
    
   
 N/A 
   
   
   
 31,143 
   
   
   
 61,537 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   The adoption of ASC 606 in 2018 resulted in the recognition of $358.5 million in revenue in 2018 related
to U.S. franchise contributions to DNAF. In prior years, under accounting standards in effect at that time, the Company had presented these contributions net with the related disbursements in its consolidated statement of income. Refer to Note 1 to
the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to the adoption of this new accounting standard.  
 
 
 (2) 
   In 2018, the Company began managing its franchised stores in Alaska and Hawaii as part of its U.S. Stores
segment. Prior to 2018, store counts, retail sales and royalty revenues from these franchised stores were included in the Company’s international operations in the table above. Consolidated results of the Company have not been impacted by this
change and prior year amounts have not been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation due to immateriality.  
 The following table reconciles total Segment Income to income before provision for income taxes:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   
    
 2016 
   


 
   Total Segment Income 
    
 $ 
 643,941 
   
    
 $ 
 583,788 
   
    
 $ 
 511,609 
   
 
   Depreciation and amortization 
    
   
 (53,665 
 )  
    
   
 (44,369 
 )  
    
   
 (38,140 
 )  
 
   Gain (loss) on sale/disposal of assets 
    
   
 4,737 
   
    
   
 3,148 
   
    
   
 (863 
 )  
 
   Non-cash  compensation expense 
    
   
 (22,792 
 )  
    
   
 (20,713 
 )  
    
   
 (18,564 
 )  
 
   Recapitalization-related expenses 
    
   
 (532 
 )  
    
   
 (622 
 )  
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income from operations 
    
   
 571,689 
   
    
   
 521,232 
   
    
   
 454,042 
   
 
   Interest income 
    
   
 3,334 
   
    
   
 1,462 
   
    
   
 685 
   
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 (146,345 
 )  
    
   
 (122,541 
 )  
    
   
 (110,069 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
 $ 
 428,678 
   
    
 $ 
 400,153 
   
    
 $ 
 344,658 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      72  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      
  The following table summarizes the Company’s identifiable asset information as of
December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   U.S. Stores (1) 
    
 $ 
 211,554 
   
    
 $ 
 216,994 
   
 
   U.S. supply chain 
    
   
 283,351 
   
    
   
 206,059 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total U.S. assets 
    
   
 494,905 
   
    
   
 423,053 
   
 
   International Franchise 
    
   
 21,094 
   
    
   
 19,728 
   
 
   International supply chain 
    
   
 24,049 
   
    
   
 24,925 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total international assets 
    
   
 45,143 
   
    
   
 44,653 
   
 
   Unallocated 
    
   
 367,337 
   
    
   
 369,047 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total consolidated assets 
    
 $ 
 907,385 
   
    
 $ 
 836,753 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Identifiable assets for U.S. Stores include $112.7 million and $120.2 million of advertising fund
assets, restricted, as of December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017, respectively. The 2017 amounts were previously classified as unallocated and have been recast due to the adoption of ASC 606.  
 Unallocated assets primarily include cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents, investments in marketable securities,
certain long-lived assets and deferred income taxes.    The following table summarizes the Company’s goodwill balance as of
December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2018 
   
    
 2017 
   


 
   U.S. Stores 
    
 $ 
 13,852 
   
    
 $ 
 14,356 
   
 
   Supply Chain 
    
   
 1,067 
   
    
   
 1,067 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Consolidated goodwill 
    
 $ 
 14,919 
   
    
 $ 
 15,423 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (12) 
   Sale and Closure of Company-Owned Stores  
 During 2018, the Company sold 12 Company-owned stores to a former executive of the Company for proceeds of $7.9 million. The former
executive terminated his employment with the Company prior to the closing date of the sale and became a franchisee. In connection with the sale of the stores, the Company recorded a
 $5.9 million pre-tax gain  on the sale of the related assets, which was net of a $0.4 million reduction in goodwill. During 2018, the Company also sold two Company-owned stores to a
franchisee for proceeds of $0.3 million. In connection with the sale of the stores, the Company recorded a  pre-tax  gain of less than $0.1 million on the sale of the related assets, which was net of a
$0.1 million reduction in goodwill. The gains on these sales were recorded in general and administrative expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of income.  
 During 2017, the Company sold 17 Company-owned stores to franchisees for proceeds of $6.8 million. In connection with the sale of the
stores, the Company recorded a $4.0 million  pre-tax  gain on the sale of the related assets, which was net of a $0.6 million reduction in goodwill. The gain was recorded in general and administrative
expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of income.    The Company closed one Company-owned store in 2016. In connection with
the closure, the Company recorded a reduction of goodwill of less than $0.1 million in general and administrative expense in the Company’s consolidated statements of income.  
      73  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

  Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Continued)      

 
 
 (13) 
   Periodic Financial Data (Unaudited; in Thousands, except Per Share Amounts)  
 The Company’s convention with respect to reporting periodic financial data is such that each of the first three fiscal quarters consists
of 12 weeks while the last fiscal quarter consists of 16 weeks or 17 weeks. The fourth quarters of 2018 and 2017 are comprised of 16 weeks.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Quarter Ended 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 25, 2018 
   
    
 June 17, 2018 
   
    
 September 9, 2018 
   
    
 December 30, 2018 
   
    
 December 30, 2018 
   


 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 785,371 
   
    
 $ 
 779,396 
   
    
 $ 
 785,965 
   
    
 $ 
 1,082,135 
   
    
 $ 
 3,432,867 
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 299,865 
   
    
   
 293,580 
   
    
   
 295,279 
   
    
   
 413,955 
   
    
   
 1,302,679 
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 103,670 
   
    
   
 91,197 
   
    
   
 99,248 
   
    
   
 134,563 
   
    
   
 428,678 
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 88,827 
   
    
   
 77,408 
   
    
   
 84,095 
   
    
   
 111,642 
   
    
   
 361,972 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – basic (1) 
    
 $ 
 2.07 
   
    
 $ 
 1.84 
   
    
 $ 
 2.02 
   
    
 $ 
 2.71 
   
    
 $ 
 8.65 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted (1) 
    
 $ 
 2.00 
   
    
 $ 
 1.78 
   
    
 $ 
 1.95 
   
    
 $ 
 2.62 
   
    
 $ 
 8.35 
   
 
   Common stock dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
 $ 
 0.55 
   
    
 $ 
 2.20 
   
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Quarter Ended 
   
    
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
   
 
   
    
 March 26, 2017 
   
    
 June 18, 2017 
   
    
 September 10, 2017 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   


 
   Total revenues 
    
 $ 
 624,217 
   
    
 $ 
 628,611 
   
    
 $ 
 643,642 
   
    
 $ 
 891,509 
   
    
 $ 
 2,787,979 
   
 
   Operating margin 
    
   
 193,816 
   
    
   
 192,845 
   
    
   
 198,478 
   
    
   
 280,852 
   
    
   
 865,991 
   
 
   Income before provision for income taxes 
    
   
 90,514 
   
    
   
 88,532 
   
    
   
 84,551 
   
    
   
 136,556 
   
    
   
 400,153 
   
 
   Net income 
    
   
 62,469 
   
    
   
 65,741 
   
    
   
 56,368 
   
    
   
 93,327 
   
    
   
 277,905 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – basic (1) 
    
 $ 
 1.31 
   
    
 $ 
 1.37 
   
    
 $ 
 1.22 
   
    
 $ 
 2.17 
   
    
 $ 
 6.05 
   
 
   Earnings per common share – diluted (1) 
    
 $ 
 1.26 
   
    
 $ 
 1.32 
   
    
 $ 
 1.18 
   
    
 $ 
 2.09 
   
    
 $ 
 5.83 
   
 
   Common stock dividends declared per share 
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
    
 $ 
 0.46 
   
    
 $ 
 1.84 
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   Earnings per share figures may not sum to the total due to the rounding of each individual calculation.
     
 
 
 (14) 
   Subsequent Events  
 On February 20, 2019, the Company’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.65 per common share payable on
March 29, 2019 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 15, 2019.    From December 31, 2018 through
February 14, 2019, the Company repaid $15.0 million of its borrowings under its 2017 Variable Funding Notes. As of February 14, 2019, the Company had $50.0 million outstanding under its 2017 Variable Funding Notes.  
      74  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure.    None.  
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.  
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.    The
Company carried out an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to  Rules 13a-15  and  15d-15  of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective in
ensuring that all information required in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act was accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and was recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period required by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
 (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  
 There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.    (c) Management’s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting.    The management of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in  Rule 13a-15(f)  promulgated under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the
Company’s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company’s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under
the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
as of December 30, 2018 based on the framework in  Internal Control  — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that
evaluation, management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 30, 2018. The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 30, 2018, has been
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein.    
 Item 9B. Other Information.    None.  
      75  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Part III  
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.  
 The following table sets forth information about our executive officers and directors.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Name 
    
 Age 
    
   Position 


 
   David A. Brandon 
    
 66 
    
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
   Richard E. Allison, Jr. 
    
 52 
    
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
    
 45 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
   Russell J. Weiner 
    
 50 
    
 Chief Operating Officer and President of the Americas 
 
   Thomas B. Curtis 
    
 55 
    
 Executive Vice President, Team USA 
 
   Scott R. Hinshaw 
    
 56 
    
 Executive Vice President, Franchise Operations and Development 
 
   Joseph H. Jordan 
    
 45 
    
 Executive Vice President, International 
 
   Stuart A. Levy 
    
 47 
    
 Executive Vice President, Supply Chain Services 
 
   Timothy P. McIntyre 
    
 56 
    
 Executive Vice President, Communication, Investor Relations and Legislative Affairs 
 
   Kevin S. Morris 
    
 58 
    
 Executive Vice President, General Counsel 
 
   J. Kevin Vasconi 
    
 58 
    
 Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer 
 
   C. Andrew Ballard 
    
 46 
    
 Director 
 
   Andrew B. Balson 
    
 52 
    
 Director 
 
   Corie S. Barry 
    
 43 
    
 Director 
 
   Diana F. Cantor 
    
 61 
    
 Director 
 
   Richard L. Federico 
    
 64 
    
 Director 
 
   James A. Goldman 
    
 60 
    
 Director 
 
   Patricia E. Lopez 
    
 57 
    
 Director 
   David A. Brandon  has served as Domino’s Chairman of the Board of Directors since March 1999.
Mr. Brandon most recently served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Toys “R” Us, Inc., the world’s largest specialty retailer of toy and baby products, a position he held from July 2015 to December 2018. Previously, he
was the Director of Athletics at the University of Michigan from March 2010 to October 2014. Mr. Brandon served as Domino’s Chief Executive Officer from March 1999 to March 2010 and was retained by the Company as a Special Advisor from
March 2010 to January 2011. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Brandon was President and Chief Executive Officer of Valassis, Inc., a company in the sales promotion and coupon industries, from 1989 to 1998 and Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Valassis, Inc. from 1997 to 1998. In addition to serving on the Board of Directors for Domino’s, Mr. Brandon also serves on the Board of Directors of DTE Energy Co. and Herman Miller Inc. He previously served on the Boards of
Directors of Toys “R” Us, Inc., Burger King Corporation, Kaydon Corporation, Northwest Airlines and the TJX Companies, Inc.    Richard E.
Allison, Jr.  has served as Domino’s Chief Executive Officer since July 2018 and was elected to Domino’s Board of Directors in July 2018 in conjunction with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer. He previously served as
President, Domino’s International from October 2014 to July 2018, after joining the Company in March 2011 as Executive Vice President of International. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Allison worked at Bain & Company, Inc. for
more than 13 years, serving as a Partner from 2004 to December 2010, and as  co-leader  of Bain’s restaurant practice.  
 Jeffrey D. Lawrence  has served as Domino’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August 2015. He previously served as
Vice President – Finance and Treasurer from January 2014 to August 2015, and as Vice President of International Finance, Strategy & Insights and Administration from 2008 to January 2014. Prior to joining the International team,
Mr. Lawrence served as Vice President and Corporate Controller from 2002 to 2008. Mr. Lawrence began his career at Domino’s in 2000. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Lawrence was a Manager of Audit and Business Advisory
Services in the Detroit office of Arthur Andersen LLP.    Russell J. Weiner  has served as Domino’s Chief Operating Officer and President
of the Americas since July 2018. He previously served as President, Domino’s USA from October 2014 to July 2018. Mr. Weiner served as Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer, from September 2008 to October 2014. Prior to
joining Domino’s, Mr. Weiner held various marketing positions at PepsiCo, Inc. from 1998 to 2008, most recently serving as Vice President of Marketing, Colas for Pepsi-Cola North America. Mr. Weiner serves on the Board of Directors of
The Clorox Company.  
      76  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Thomas B. Curtis  has served as Domino’s Executive Vice President, Team USA (which
represents our Company-owned store division) since July 2018. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Curtis served as Vice President of Franchise Relations and Operations Innovation from March 2017 to July 2018, after serving as Vice President of
Operations Support from August 2016 to March 2017 and as West Region Vice President from November 2012 to August 2016. Mr. Curtis joined Domino’s in 2006, after being a Domino’s franchisee since 1987.  
 Scott R. Hinshaw  has served as Domino’s Executive Vice President, Franchise Operations and Development since January 2008. Mr. Hinshaw
served as Executive Vice President, Team USA from September 2007 to January 2008. Mr. Hinshaw also served as a Vice President within Team USA from 1994 through September 2007. Mr. Hinshaw joined Domino’s in 1986.  
 Joseph H. Jordan  has served as Domino’s Executive Vice President of International since April 2018. Prior to his appointment,
Mr. Jordan had served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer since May 2015, after joining Domino’s as Vice President of Innovation in September 2011. Prior to joining Domino’s, Mr. Jordan served as Senior Director
of Marketing at Pepsi-Cola North America for six years, held marketing roles at Philips Electronics and Unilever and was a consultant for Accenture.  
 Stuart A. Levy  has served as Domino’s Executive Vice President, Supply Chain Services since January 2019. Prior to joining Domino’s,
Mr. Levy had served as Executive Vice President, Chief Transformation Officer for Republic Services, Inc. since 2014. Prior to joining Republic, Mr. Levy had served as a Partner with Bain & Company since 2008.  
 Timothy P. McIntyre  has served as Domino’s Executive Vice President, Communication, Investor Relations and Legislative Affairs since May
2016. Mr. McIntyre served as Vice President of Communication from August 1997 to May 2016. Mr. McIntyre joined Domino’s in 1985.  
 Kevin S. Morris  has served as Domino’s Executive Vice President, General Counsel since January 2017. Prior to joining Domino’s,
Mr. Morris served at New York-based Equinox Holdings, Inc. and its various operating subsidiaries and affiliates from December 2012 to January 2017, most recently as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary.
Mr. Morris operated his own private legal practice from July 2009 to November 2012. Prior to 2009, Mr. Morris served as Vice President and Associate General Counsel at Global Hyatt Corporation (the predecessor in interest to Hyatt Hotels
Corporation) from 1999 to 2008. Prior to 1999, Mr. Morris served as a Senior International Attorney and Staff Director at McDonald’s Corporation after beginning his career as an attorney at Rudnick & Wolfe LLP (the predecessor to
DLA Piper).       J. Kevin Vasconi  has served as Domino’s Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since March
2012. Mr. Vasconi served as Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Engineering at Stanley Black & Decker – Stanley Security Solutions from 2011 to March 2012. Prior to his role at Stanley Security Solutions,
Mr. Vasconi served in a variety of roles at R.L. Polk & Co. from 2003 to 2011, most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Polk Global Automotive.  
 C. Andrew Ballard  has served on Domino’s Board of Directors since July 2015 and is a member of the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors. Mr. Ballard currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and  Co-Founder  of Wiser Solutions, Inc., a technology and data company, a position he has held since December 2012. Mr. Ballard
is also Founder of Figtree Partners, an investment firm focused on software and technology, and has served as its Managing Partner since November 2012. In addition, he has served as a Senior Advisor at the private equity firm Hellman &
Friedman LLC since December 2012, where he previously served as Managing Director from 2006 to 2012 and as a Director from 2004 to 2006. Prior to joining Hellman & Friedman in 2003, Mr. Ballard worked at Bain Capital, LLC in San
Francisco and Boston, as well as Bain & Company, Inc. from 1994 to 2002. In addition to serving on Domino’s Board of Directors, Mr. Ballard is currently Chairman of Datacor, Inc. and Vice Chairman of Zignal Labs, and has held
previous board roles at Activant Solutions Inc., Catalina Marketing Corporation, DoubleClick Inc., Getty Images, Inc., Internet Brands, Inc. and Vertafore, Inc. Mr. Ballard is the Chair of the Board of Trustees and Chair of the Investment
Committee of the San Francisco Foundation. He is also actively involved with Family Connections, a tuition-free preschool for under-served families.  
 Andrew B. Balson  has served on our Board of Directors since March 1999 and serves as the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors. Mr. Balson is currently the Managing Partner of Cove Hill Partners, L.P., a firm formed to make private equity investments. Previously, Mr. Balson was the Chief Executive Officer of Match Beyond, an innovative college
completion program that helps  low-income  young adults attain college degrees and prepare for the workforce, a position he held from January 2015 to June 2016. Prior to becoming the Chief Executive Officer of
Match Beyond, Mr. Balson was a Managing Director at Bain Capital, LLC, a global investment company, from 2001 to 2013. Mr. Balson became a Principal of Bain Capital in January 1998. Mr. Balson previously served on the Boards of
Directors of Bloomin’ Brands, Inc., FleetCor Technologies, Inc., Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., Skylark Co., Ltd., BELLSYSTEM24, Inc., Burger King Corporation and Bright Horizons Family Solutions, Inc., as well as numerous private companies.  
      77  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Corie S. Barry  has served on our Board of Directors since July 2018 and is a member of the
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Ms. Barry currently serves as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Strategic Transformation Officer of Best Buy Co., Inc., a specialty retailer of consumer electronics, personal
computers, entertainment software and appliances, a position she has held since June 2016. Ms. Barry previously served as Best Buy’s Chief Strategic Growth Officer from October 2015 to June 2016, Interim President of Geek Squad Services
from March 2015 to May 2016, Senior Vice President of Domestic Finance from May 2013 to October 2015 and in a variety of financial and operational roles, both in the field and at the corporate campus, since joining Best Buy in 1999. Prior to Best
Buy, Ms. Barry worked at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited from 1997 to 1999.    Diana F. Cantor  has served on Domino’s Board of
Directors since October 2005 and serves as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Ms. Cantor is currently a Partner at Alternative Investment Management, LLC, a position she has held since January 2010, and she is the
Vice Chairman of the Virginia Retirement System, where she also serves on the Audit and Compliance Committee. Ms. Cantor was a Managing Director with New York Private Bank and Trust from January 2008 to the end of 2009. Ms. Cantor served
as founding Executive Director of the Virginia College Savings Plan, the state’s 529 college savings program, from 1996 to January 2008. Ms. Cantor served seven years as Vice President of Richmond Resources, Ltd. from 1990 to 1996, and as
Vice President of Goldman, Sachs & Co. from 1985 to 1990. Ms. Cantor also serves on the Boards of Directors of Universal Corporation and VICI Properties, Inc., and she previously served on the Boards of Directors of Media General,
Inc., Revlon, Inc., The Edelman Financial Group Inc., Vistage International, Inc., Knowledge Universe Education LLC, Edelman Financial Services, LLC and Service King Body and Paint LLC.  
 Richard L. Federico  Mr. Federico has served on Domino’s Board of Directors since February 2011 and is a member of the Compensation
Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Federico is currently the  Non-Executive  Chairman of P.F. Chang’s China Bistro, Inc., based in Scottsdale,
AZ, a position he has held since February 2016. Mr. Federico previously served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or  Co-Chief  Executive Officer of P.F. Chang’s from September 1997 to March
2015 and as Executive Chairman from March 2015 to February 2016. Mr. Federico joined P.F. Chang’s as President in 1996, when he also began his service on its Board of Directors. Mr. Federico started his career in the restaurant
industry as a Manager at Steak & Ale, and later at Orville Beans and Bennigan’s restaurants. He went on to develop Grady’s Goodtimes, serving as  Co-Founder/Partner  and Vice President of
Operations until Brinker International, Inc. acquired Grady’s in 1989. Upon joining Brinker International, Mr. Federico served as Senior Vice President and concept head for Macaroni Grill before being promoted to President of the Italian
Concept division. As President, he directed operations and development for Macaroni Grill and Spageddies. Mr. Federico currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Prime Steak Concepts and RPT Realty, a publicly-traded REIT, and previously
served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Jamba, Inc. He is a Founding Director of Chances for Children.    James A. Goldman  has served
on Domino’s Board of Directors since March 2010, serves as Chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors and also serves on the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Goldman served as
President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of Directors of Godiva Chocolatier, Inc. from 2004 to 2014. Mr. Goldman was President of the Food and Beverage Division at Campbell Soup Company from 2001 to 2004.
Mr. Goldman served in various executive positions at Nabisco, Inc. from 1992 to 2000. Prior to his work at Nabisco, Mr. Goldman was a senior consulting associate at McKinsey & Company, Inc. Mr. Goldman is currently a Senior
Advisor at Eurazeo SE, a private equity firm listed on the Paris Stock Exchange. Mr. Goldman is also currently on the Board of Trustees and the Executive Committee of Save the Children in Fairfield, CT, the Executive Board of the International
Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport, RI and the Advisory Board of FEED Projects in New York, NY. Mr. Goldman previously served as a member of the Board of Directors at The Children’s Place Retail and served on its Compensation Committee.
Mr. Goldman previously served on the Board of Trustees at the YMCA Camps Becket and Chimney Corners in Becket, MA.    Patricia E. Lopez 
has served on Domino’s Board of Directors since July 2018 and is a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors. Ms. Lopez currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board of
Directors of High Ridge Brands Co., roles she has held since July 2017. Prior to her current role, Ms. Lopez served as a Senior Vice President at Estée Lauder Companies Inc. from January 2015 to July 2016, a Senior Vice President at Avon
Products, Inc. from December 2012 to November 2014 and previously held various positions at The Procter & Gamble Co. over a span of 25 years, most recently serving as a Vice President and General Manager overseeing its Eastern Europe
business.    The remaining information required by this item is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement,
which will be filed within 120 days of December 30, 2018.  
      78  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Item 11. Executive Compensation.  
 Information regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed
within 120 days of December 30, 2018. However, no information set forth in the proxy statement regarding the Audit Committee Report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Form  10-K.   
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  
 Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters is incorporated by reference from
Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 30, 2018.  
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.  
 Information regarding certain relationships and related transactions is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive proxy
statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 30, 2018.    Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and
Services.    Information regarding principal accountant fees and services is incorporated by reference from Domino’s Pizza, Inc.’s definitive
proxy statement, which will be filed within 120 days of December 30, 2018.  
      79  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Part IV  
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  
   
 
 
 (a)1. 
   Financial Statements: The following financial statements for Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and subsidiaries are
included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”:    Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm    Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 30, 2018 and December 31, 2017  
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 30, 2018, December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017  
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 30, 2018, December 31, 2017 and
January 1, 2017    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Years Ended December 30, 2018,
December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 30,
2018, December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2017    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
   
 
 
   
 2. 
   Financial Statement Schedules: The following financial statement schedules are attached to this report.
   Schedule I – Condensed Financial Information of the Registrant  
 Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  
 All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required, or the information is included in the financial statements or
the notes thereto.      
 
 
   
 3. 
   Exhibits: Certain of the following Exhibits have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such exhibits are identified by the parenthetical references following the listing of each such exhibit and are incorporated herein by
reference.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Exhibit Number 
    
   Description 


 
   3.1 
    
 Form of Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Domino’s Pizza,
 Inc. registration statement on Form  S-1  filed on April 13, 2004 (Reg.  No. 333-114442)  (the
 “S-1”)). 
 
 
 
 
   3.2 
    
 Certificate of Amendment to the Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 3.2 to the Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 14, 2015). 
 
 
 
 
   3.3 
    
 Second Amended and Restated  By-Laws  of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 3.3 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 3, 2016). 
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
    
 Lease Agreement dated as of December 
21, 1998 by and between Domino’s Farms Office Park Limited Partnership and Domino’s, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.3 to the Domino’s, Inc. registration statement on Form  S-4  filed on March 22, 1999 (Reg.  No. 333-74797)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.2 
    
 Fourth Amendment to the Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of August 28,
 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 30, 2012 (the “2012
 10-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.3 
    
 Fifth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of February 1,
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 1, 2017 (the “2016
 10-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
    
 Sixth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of February 1,
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 2016  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.5 
    
 Seventh Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of April 
19, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2016  10-K). 
 
      80  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 


 
 10.6 
    
 Eighth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of November 4,
 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the 2016  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
    
 Ninth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of February 16,
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the 2016  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.8 
    
 Tenth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of November 7,
 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2017). 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
    
 Eleventh Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of July 
13, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 
9, 2018 (the “September 2018  10-Q”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
    
 Twelfth Amendment to a Lease Agreement between Domino’s Farms Office Park, L.L.C. and Domino’s Pizza LLC, dated as of July 
13, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the September 2018  10-Q). 
 
 
 
 
 10.11* 
    
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan adopted effective January 
1, 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 1, 2006). 
 
 
 
 
 10.12* 
    
 First Amendment to the Domino’s Pizza Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 
1, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 31, 2006). 
 
 
 
 
 10.13* 
    
 Second Amendment to the Domino’s Pizza Deferred Compensation Plan effective February 
8, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the 2012  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.14* 
    
 Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on
Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 22, 2009 (the “March 2009  10-Q”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.15* 
    
 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.8 to the 2012  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.16* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Employee Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 2012  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.17* 
    
 Form of Director Stock Option Agreement under the Amended Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.3 to the March 2009  10-Q). 
 
 
 
 
 10.18* 
    
 Form of Amendment to Existing Director Stock Option Grants (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the March 2009  10-Q). 
 
 
 
 
 10.19* 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the 2012  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.20* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Performance-Based Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the 2012  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.21* 
    
 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the 2012  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.22* 
    
 Form of 2013 Special Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the 2012  10-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.23* 
    
 Form of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Agreement for Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to
 the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 3, 2010). 
 
      81  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 


 
 10.24* 
    
 Amended and Restated Domino’s Pizza Senior Executive Annual Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant’s
 annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended January 2, 2011). 
 
 
 
 
 10.25* 
    
 Amended and Restated Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Employee Stock Payroll Deduction Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant’s
 annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 29, 2013). 
 
 
 
 
 10.26* 
    
 Form of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment 
& Direct Stock Purchase and Sale Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the  S-1). 
 
 
 
 
 10.27* 
    
 Form of 2018 Restricted Stock Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on January 11, 2018 (the “January 2018  8-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.28* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of February 
23, 2015 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and J. Patrick Doyle (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant’s annual report on Form  10-K  for the year ended December 28,
2014). 
 
 
 
 
 10.29* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of August 
28, 2015 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Jeffrey Lawrence (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended September 6,
2015). 
 
 
 
 
 10.30* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 
2, 2008 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.01 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on September 4, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.31* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment agreement dated as of September 
2, 2008 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on December 24, 2008). 
 
 
 
 
 10.32* 
    
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement dated as of July 
26, 2010 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 20,
2010). 
 
 
 
 
 10.33* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 
8, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Domino’s Pizza LLC and Russell J. Weiner (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the January 2018  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.34* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of March 
14, 2011 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Richard E. Allison, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended March 27,
2011). 
 
 
 
 
 10.35* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of January 
8, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Domino’s Pizza LLC and Richard E. Allison, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the January 2018  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.36* 
    
 Time Sharing Agreement dated as of January 
8, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Richard E. Allison, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the January 2018  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.37* 
    
 Addendum to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of June 
22, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and David A. Brandon (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s quarterly report on Form  10-Q  for the quarter ended June 
17, 2018 (the “June 2018  10-Q”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.38* 
    
 Addendum to the Employment agreement dated as of July 
16, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and J. Patrick Doyle (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the June 2018  10-Q). 
 
 
 
 
 10.39* 
    
 Addendum to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of December 29, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and David A. Brandon. 
 
 
 
 
 10.40* 
    
 Addendum to the Employment agreement dated as of December 30, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and J. Patrick Doyle. 
 
 
 
 
 10.41* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of February 11, 2012 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and J. Kevin Vasconi. 
 
      82  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 


 
 10.42* 
    
 Employment Agreement dated as of April 9, 2018 between Domino’s Pizza LLC and Joseph H. Jordan. 
 
 
 
 
 10.43 
    
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and its officers and directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the  S-1). 
 
 
 
 
 10.44 
    
 Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as  Co-Issuer,  and Citibank, N.A., as
 Trustee and Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on March 19, 2012 (the “March 2012  8-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.45 
    
 First Supplement dated as of September 16, 2013 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated as of March 
15, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on October 22, 2015 (the “October 2015
 8-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.46 
    
 Second Supplement dated as of October 21, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated as of March 
15, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the October 2015  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.47 
    
 Third Supplement dated as of October 21, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated as of March 
15, 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the October 2015  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.48 
    
 Fourth Supplement dated as of July 24, 2017 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated as of March 
15, 2012 by and among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  and Citibank,
 N.A., as Trustee and Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed on July 25, 2017 (the “July 2017  8-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.49 
    
 Series  2015-1  Supplement dated as of October 
21, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Base Indenture dated March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., each as a  Co-Issuer  of the Series  2015-1  3.484% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class 
A-2-I,  the Series  2015-1  4.474% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  and the Series  2015-1  Variable Funding Senior Notes,  Class 
A-1,  and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Series  2015-1  Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the October 2015  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.50 
    
 Series  2017-1  Supplement dated as of July 
24, 2017 by and among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  and Citibank,
 N.A., as Trustee, Series  2017-1  Securities Intermediary and Calculation Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the July 2017  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.51 
    
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 
24, 2018, among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer  of Series  2018-1  4.116% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class 
A-2-I  and Series  2018-1  4.328% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class 
A-2-II,  and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee and Securities Intermediary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on April 
25, 2018 (the “April 2018  8-K”)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.52 
    
 Purchase Agreement dated as of October 
14, 2015 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC, Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc. for the Series  2015-1  3.484% Fixed Rate Senior
 Secured Notes,  Class A-2-I  and the Series  2015-1  4.474% Fixed Rate Senior Secured Notes,  Class A-2-II  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the October 2015  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.53 
    
 Purchase Agreement dated as of June 
12, 2017 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s SPV Guarantor
 LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as Guarantor, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as manager,
Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Domino’s Inc., as parent companies, and Guggenheim Securities, LLC and Barclays Capital Inc., as initial purchasers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Current Report on Form
 8-K,  filed on June 14, 2017 (the “June 2017  8-K”)). 
 
      83  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 


 
 10.54 
    
 Purchase Agreement, dated April 
18, 2018, by and among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC, Domino’s IP Holder LLC, Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Domino’s Pizza LLC, Domino’s, Inc., the
guarantors party thereto and Guggenheim Securities, LLC, as representative of the initial purchasers named in Schedule I thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the April 2018  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.55 
    
 Class A-1  Note Purchase Agreement dated as of October 
21, 2015 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as a  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s Pizza
 Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC, Domino’s EQ LLC and Domino’s SPV Guarantor LLC, each as Guarantor, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as
Manager, certain conduit investors, certain financial institutions and certain funding agents, Rabobank Nederland, New York Branch, as L/C Provider, as Swingline Lender and as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
October 2015  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.56 
    
 Class A-1  Note Purchase Agreement dated June 
12, 2017 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s SPV Guarantor
 LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as Guarantor, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as manager,
certain conduit investors, financial institutions and funding agents, and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as provider of letters of credit, as swingline lender and as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to the June 2017  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.57 
    
 Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s SPV Guarantor LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as a Guarantor, in
 favor of Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the March 2012  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.58 
    
 Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, certain subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC party thereto, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as Manager and in its individual capacity, Domino’s Pizza NS Co., and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the March 2012  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.59 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of October 21, 2015 to the Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, certain subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC party thereto, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as Manager and in its individual capacity, Domino’s Pizza NS Co., and Citibank, N.A. as Trustee
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the October 2015  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.60 
    
 Amendment No. 2 dated as of July 24, 2017 to the Amended and Restated Management Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 by and among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, certain subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC party thereto, Domino’s SPV Guarantor LLC, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as manager and in its individual capacity, Domino’s
 Pizza NS Co., and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the July 2017  8-K)). 
 
 
 
 
 10.61 
    
 Parent Company Support Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 made by Domino’s Pizza, Inc. in favor of Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the October 2015  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.62 
    
 Amendment No. 1 dated as of October 21, 2015 to the Parent Company Support Agreement dated as of March 
15, 2012 made by Domino’s Pizza, Inc. in favor of Citibank, N.A., as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the October 2015  8-K). 
 
 
 
 
 10.63 
    
 Fixed Dollar Accelerated Share Repurchase Transaction Confirmation, dated August 
2, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed on August 2, 2017). 
 
      84  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 

 


 
 
 
 


 
   10.64 
    
 Omnibus Amendment No. 
1, dated December 15, 2017, among Domino’s Pizza Master Issuer LLC, Domino’s SPV Canadian Holding Company Inc., Domino’s Pizza Distribution LLC and Domino’s IP Holder LLC, each as  Co-Issuer,  Domino’s
SPV Guarantor LLC, Domino’s Pizza Franchising LLC, Domino’s Pizza International Franchising Inc., Domino’s Pizza Canadian Distribution ULC, Domino’s RE LLC and Domino’s EQ LLC, each as Guarantor, Domino’s Pizza LLC, as
manager, certain conduit investors, financial institutions and funding agents, and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch, as provider of letters of credit, as swingline lender and as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to
Exhibit 10.1 to the Domino’s Pizza, Inc. Current Report on Form  8-K,  filed on December 19, 2017). 
 
 
 
 
   10.65 
    
 Agreement dated as of January 
6, 2009 between Domino’s Pizza, Inc., Blue Harbour Strategic Value Partners Master Fund, LP and Blue Harbour Institutional Partners Master Fund, L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s current report on Form  8-K  filed on January 9, 2009). 
 
 
 
 
   10.66 
    
 Board of Directors’ Compensation. 
 
 
 
 
   21.1 
    
 Subsidiaries of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   23.1 
    
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
 
 
 
   31.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   31.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   32.1 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
   32.2 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, relating to Domino’s Pizza, Inc. 
 
 
 
 
 101.INS 
    
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.SCH 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.CAL 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.LAB 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.PRE 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 
 
 
 101.DEF 
    
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
     
 
 
 * 
   A management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this report
pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form  10-K.     Item 16. Form  10-K  Summary.    Not applicable .    
      85  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SCHEDULE I – CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE REGISTRANT  
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 30, 2018 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   


 
 ASSETS 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   ASSETS: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
    
 $ 
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
    
 $ 
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   LIABILITIES: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Equity in net deficit of subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 3,039,921 
   
    
 $ 
 2,735,384 
   
 
   Due to subsidiary 
    
   
 6 
   
    
   
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 3,039,927 
   
    
   
 2,735,390 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common stock, par value $0.01 per share; 170,000,000 shares authorized; 40,977,561 in 2018 and
42,898,329 in 2017 issued and outstanding 
    
   
 410 
   
    
   
 429 
   
 
   Preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; 5,000,000 shares authorized, none issued 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Additional  paid-in  capital 
    
   
 569 
   
    
   
 5,654 
   
 
   Retained deficit 
    
   
 (3,036,471 
 )  
    
   
 (2,739,437 
 )  
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
    
   
 (4,429 
 )  
    
   
 (2,030 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total stockholders’ deficit 
    
   
 (3,039,921 
 )  
    
   
 (2,735,384 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
    
 $ 
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      86  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 30, 2018 
   
    
 December 31, 2017 
   
    
 January 1, 2017 
   


 
   REVENUES 
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
    
 $ 
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   OPERATING EXPENSES 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total operating expenses 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
   Equity earnings in subsidiaries 
    
   
 361,972 
   
    
   
 277,905 
   
    
   
 214,678 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 361,972 
   
    
   
 277,905 
   
    
   
 214,678 
   
 
   PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
    
   
 —   
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   NET INCOME 
    
 $ 
 361,972 
   
    
 $ 
 277,905 
   
    
 $ 
 214,678 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
    
 $ 
 359,924 
   
    
 $ 
 278,985 
   
    
 $ 
 215,116 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   EARNINGS PER SHARE: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Common Stock – basic 
    
 $ 
 8.65 
   
    
 $ 
 6.05 
   
    
 $ 
 4.41 
   
 
   Common Stock – diluted 
    
 $ 
 8.35 
   
    
 $ 
 5.83 
   
    
 $ 
 4.30 
   
   See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      87  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 PARENT COMPANY CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (In thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Years Ended 
   
 
   
    
 December 30, 2018 
   
   
 December 31, 2017 
   
   
 January 1, 2017 
   


 
   CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net cash provided by operating activities 
    
 $ 
 382,716 
   
   
 $ 
 299,576 
   
   
 $ 
 281,731 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Dividends from subsidiaries 
    
   
 297,792 
   
   
   
 852,325 
   
   
   
 82,856 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash provided by investing activities 
    
   
 297,792 
   
   
   
 852,325 
   
   
   
 82,856 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Payments of common stock dividends 
    
   
 (92,166 
 )  
   
   
 (84,298 
 )  
   
   
 (73,925 
 )  
 
   Purchase of common stock 
    
   
 (591,212 
 )  
   
   
 (1,064,253 
 )  
   
   
 (300,250 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 2,870 
   
   
   
 (3,350 
 )  
   
   
 9,588 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net cash used in financing activities 
    
   
 (680,508 
 )  
   
   
 (1,151,901 
 )  
   
   
 (364,587 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
    
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
   
   
 —   
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
    
   
 6 
   
   
   
 6 
   
   
   
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, AT END OF PERIOD 
    
 $ 
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 6 
   
   
 $ 
 6 
   
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   See accompanying notes to the Schedule I.  
      88  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  Domino’s Pizza, Inc.  
 NOTES TO PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS      
 
 
 (1) 
   Introduction and Basis of Presentation  
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc., on a stand-alone basis, (the “Parent Company”) has accounted for majority-owned subsidiaries using the
equity method of accounting. The accompanying condensed financial statements of the Parent Company should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”)
and the notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Form  10-K.  These financial statements have been provided to comply with Rule  4-08(e)  of Regulation  S-X.     Use of Estimates  
 The use of estimates is inherent in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.    New Accounting Pronouncements  
 During 2018, the Company adopted the below new accounting pronouncements that impacted the Parent Company financial statements.  
 Accounting  Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue from  Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting
 Standards Update 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  and has since issued various amendments which provide additional clarification and implementation
guidance. This standard has been codified as ASC 606. This guidance outlines a single, comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and superseded most revenue recognition guidance issued by
the FASB, including industry specific guidance. On January 1, 2018, the Company adopted ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method.  
 The Parent Company recorded a $6.7 million adjustment to equity in net deficit of subsidiaries and recorded a $6.7 million
adjustment to retained deficit related to this new accounting standard in 2018. See Note 1 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements as filed in this Form  10-K  for additional information related
to the adoption of this new accounting standard.    ASU 2018-02, Income  Statement – Reporting
Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)    In February 2018, the FASB
 issued ASU 2018-02,  Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . The
amendments in this updated standard allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. The Parent Company adopted this standard in 2018
and, as a result, recorded a $0.4 million reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to the beginning balance of retained deficit in 2018.      
 
 
 (2) 
   Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information  
 During 2018, 2017 and 2016, the Parent Company received dividends from its subsidiaries primarily consisting of amounts received to repurchase
common stock in connection with the Company’s 2018 and 2017 recapitalization transactions. See Note 4 to the Company’s consolidated financial statements as filed in this Form  10-K  for a description
of the recapitalization transactions that occurred in 2018 and 2017.  
      89  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS  
 Domino’s Pizza, Inc. and Subsidiaries      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   (in thousands) 
    
 Balance Beginning of Year 
   
    
 Provision (Benefit) 
   
    
 Additions/ Deductions from Reserves* 
   
    
 Balance End of Year 
   


 
   Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   2018 
    
 $ 
 1,424 
   
    
 $ 
 903 
   
    
 $ 
 (448 
 )  
    
   
 1,879 
   
 
   2017 
    
   
 2,342 
   
    
   
 (88 
 )  
    
   
 (830 
 )  
    
   
 1,424 
   
 
   2016 
    
   
 2,662 
   
    
   
 (51 
 )  
    
   
 (269 
 )  
    
   
 2,342 
   
     
 
 
 * 
   Consists primarily of write-offs, recoveries of bad debt and certain reclassifications.  
      90  

 


 
 
 Table of Contents 


 
  SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this annual report to be
signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 


 
 DOMINO’S PIZZA, INC. 
 
 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
 
 Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
 
 February 21, 2019 
   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrants and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
   /s/ Richard E. Allison, Jr. 
 Richard E. Allison, Jr.   February 21, 2019 
    
   Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
 Jeffrey D. Lawrence 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ David A. Brandon 
 David A. Brandon 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ C. Andrew Ballard 
 C. Andrew Ballard 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Andrew B. Balson 
 Andrew B. Balson 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Corie S. Barry 
 Corie S. Barry 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Diana F. Cantor 
 Diana F. Cantor 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Richard L. Federico 
 Richard L. Federico 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ James A. Goldman 
 James A. Goldman 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Director 
 
 
 
 
   /s/ Patricia E. Lopez 
 Patricia E. Lopez 
 February 21, 2019 
    
   Director 
 
      91  

 

 
 
 
