
 10-K
 1
 tech20180630_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K
 
 
 
	 tech20180630_10k.htm 


	 
 
 
   

 
   

 Table of Contents 

 
 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, DC 20549 

 
 FORM 10-K 

 

		 
			 
			 ☒ 
			 
			 
			 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
			 
		 

 

   

 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, or 

   

 

		 
			 
			 ☐ 
			 
			 
			 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
			 
		 

 

   

 For the transition period 

 from                          to 

   

 Commission file number 0-17272 

 
 BIO-TECHNE CORPORATION 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 
   

 

		 
			 
			 Minnesota 
			 
			   
			 
			 41-1427402 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 (State or other jurisdiction of 

			 incorporation or organization) 
			 
			   
			 
			 (I.R.S. Employer 

			 Identification No.) 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 614 McKinley Place N.E. 

			 Minneapolis, MN 55413 
			 
			   
			 
			 (612) 379-8854 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
			 
			   
			 
			 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
			 
		 

 

 
   

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 

		 
			 
			 Title of each class 
			 
			   
			 
			 Name of each exchange on which registered 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Common Stock, $0.01 par value 
			 
			   
			 
			 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 
			 
		 

 

   

 Securities   registered   pursuant   to   Section   12(g)   of   the   A ct:   N one 

   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ☒  No ☐ 

   

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes ☐  No ☒ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes ☒  No ☐ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes ☒  No ☐ 

   

 
   

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    ☒ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

   

 

		 
			 
			   Large accelerated filer 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			  ☒ 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Accelerated filer 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 ☐ 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   Non-accelerated filer 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			  ☐ 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Smaller reporting company 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 ☐ 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 
			 Emerging growth company 
			 
			   
			 
			 ☐ 
			 
		 

 

   

 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐ 

   

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes ☐  No ☒ 

   

 As of December 31, 2017 the aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was $3.4 billion based upon the closing sale price as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market ($129.55 per share). Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each person who owns 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been excluded. 

   

 As of August 23, 2018, 37,731,348 shares of the Company’s Common Stock ($0.01 par value) were outstanding. 

   

 DO C UM E N TS   I N C O RP O R A TED   BY   REFERE N CE 

   

 Portions of the Company’s Proxy Statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III. 

   

 
   

 
   

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   
 

   

 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

   

 

		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Page 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 PART I 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 1. 
			 
			 
			 Business 
			 
			 
			 1 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 1A. 
			 
			 
			 Risk Factors 
			 
			 
			 10 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 1B. 
			 
			 
			 Unresolved Staff Comments 
			 
			 
			 18 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 2. 
			 
			 
			 Properties 
			 
			 
			 18 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 3. 
			 
			 
			 Legal Proceedings 
			 
			 18 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 4. 
			 
			 
			 Mine Safety Disclosures 
			 
			 18 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 PART II 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 5. 
			 
			 
			 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
			 
			 
			 19 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 6. 
			 
			 
			 Selected Financial Data 
			 
			 
			 21 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 7. 
			 
			 
			 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
			 
			 
			 22 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 7A. 
			 
			 
			 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
			 
			 
			 34 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 8. 
			 
			 
			 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
			 
			 
			 35 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 9. 
			 
			 
			 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
			 
			 67 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 9A. 
			 
			 
			 Controls and Procedures 
			 
			 67 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 9B. 
			 
			 
			 Other Information 
			 
			 68 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 PART III 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 10. 
			 
			 
			 Directors, Executive Officers 
			 
			 
			 69 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 11. 
			 
			 
			 Executive Compensation 
			 
			 
			 69 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 12. 
			 
			 
			 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
			 
			 
			 69 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 13. 
			 
			 
			 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
			 
			 
			 69 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 14. 
			 
			 
			 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
			 
			 
			 69 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 PART IV 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Item 15. 
			 
			 
			 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
			 
			 70 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			   
			 
			 SIGNATURES 
			 
			 71 
		 

 

   

 
 i 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   
 


   

 PART I 

   

 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

   

 OVERVIEW 

   

 Bio-Techne and its subsidiaries, collectively doing business as Bio-Techne Corporation (Bio-Techne, we, our, us or the Company) develop, manufacture and sell biotechnology reagents, instruments and services for the research and clinical diagnostic markets worldwide. With our deep product portfolio and application expertise, we strive to provide the life sciences community with innovative, high-quality scientific tools to better understand biological processes and drive discovery of diagnostic and therapeutic products. 

   

 During our fiscal year 2018, we operated with three reporting segments – our Biotechnology, Protein Platforms and Diagnostics Divisions. Our Biotechnology Division is a leader in providing high quality consumables and services used for conducting laboratory experiments by both industry and academic scientists within the biotechnology and biomedical life sciences fields, all under the primary brands of R&D Systems, Novus Biologicals, Tocris Bioscience, Atlanta Biologicals, Trevigen, and Advanced Cell Diagnostics. Our Protein Platforms Division focuses on developing and supplying instrumentation and related consumables designed to simplify protein analysis processes along with single cell protein analysis, all under the ProteinSimple brand. Through our Diagnostics Division, we serve the clinical markets with regulated products such as controls, calibrators, reagents and immunoassays intended for diagnostic uses.     

   

 We are a Minnesota corporation with our global headquarters in Minneapolis, Minnesota. We originally were founded over forty years ago, in 1976, as Research and Diagnostic Systems, Inc. We became a publicly traded company in 1985 through a merger with Techne Corporation, now Bio-Techne Corporation. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ under the symbol “TECH.” We operate globally, with offices in multiple locations in the United States, Europe, and Asia. Today, our product line extends to over 300,000 manufactured products in state of the art facilities to accommodate many of our manufacturing needs. 

   

 Our historical focus was on providing high quality proteins, antibodies and immunoassays to the life science research market and hematology controls to the diagnostics market. Beginning in 2012, and accelerating over the last three years, we implemented a strategy to accelerate growth in part by acquiring businesses and product portfolios that leveraged and diversified our existing product lines, filled portfolio gaps with differentiated high growth businesses, and expanded our geographic scope. From 2012 through August 27, 2018 we have acquired 15 companies, eight of which expanded our Biotechnology segment both geographically and through product diversification, three that formed our Protein Platforms segment, and four of which expanded the reach of our Diagnostics segment. 

   

 Recognizing the importance of an integrated, global approach to meeting our mission and accomplishing our strategies, we have over the past several years unified our brands and recent acquisitions under a single global brand, Bio-Techne. 

   

 We are committed to providing the life sciences community with innovative, high-quality scientific tools that allow our customers to make extraordinary discoveries. Our mission is to build “epic tools for epic science.” We intend to build on Bio-Techne’s past accomplishments, high product quality reputation and sound financial position by executing strategies that position us to serve as the standard for biological content in the research market, and to leverage that leadership position to enter the diagnostics and other adjacent markets. Our strategies include: 

   

 Continued   innovation   in   core   products.   Through collaborations with key opinion leaders, participation in scientific discussions and societies, and leveraging our internal talent we expect to be able to convert our continued significant investment in our research and development activities to be first-to-market with quality products that are at the leading edge of life science researchers’ needs. 

   

 
 1 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Market and  geographic   expansion .   We will continue to expand our sales staff and distribution channels globally in order to increase our global presence and make it easier for customers to transact with us. We will also leverage our existing portfolio to expand our product offerings into novel research fields and further into diagnostics and therapeutics markets. 

   

 Operational excellence .   In recognition of the increased size and scale of the organization, we continue to redesign our development and operational processes to effectively and efficiently support our expanding businesses. 

   

 Talent   recruit m ent   and   retention.   We strive to recruit, train and retain the most talented staff to implement all of our strategies effectively. 

   

 Targeted acquisitions and investments.   We will continue to leverage our strong balance sheet to gain access to new technologies and products that improve our competitiveness in the current market, meet customers’ expanding work flow needs and allow us to enter adjacent markets. 

   

 OUR PRODUCTS AND MARKETS 

   

 In fiscal 2018, net sales from Bio-Techne’s Biotechnology, Protein Platforms and Diagnostics segments represented 66%, 17%, and 17% of consolidated net sales, respectively. Financial information relating to Bio-Techne’s segments is incorporated herein by reference to Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Biotechnology Segment 

   

 Biotechnology Segment  Products 

   

 Through our Biotechnology segment, we are one of the world's leading suppliers of specialized proteins, such as cytokines and growth factors, immunoassays, antibodies and related reagents, to the biotechnology research community. We also sell  in situ  hybridization, media and other cell culture products and reagents. Our combined chemical and biological reagents portfolio provides high quality tools which customers can use in solving the complexity of important biological pathways and glean knowledge that may lead to a more complete understanding of biological processes, and, ultimately, to the development of novel strategies to address different pathologies. 

   

 Additionally, a number of our products have the potential to serve as predictive biomarkers and therapeutic targets for a variety of human diseases and conditions including cancer, autoimmunity, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, inflammation, neurological disorders, and kidney failure. Immunoassays can also be useful in clinical diagnostics. In fact, we have received Food and Drug Administration (FDA) marketing clearance for a few of our immunoassays for use as  in vitro  diagnostic devices. In addition to being useful research tools, our RNA  in situ   hybridization assays have diagnostics applications as well, and several are currently being cleared with the FDA in partnership with diagnostics instrument manufacturers and pharmaceutical companies. 

   

 Biotechnology Segment  Customers and Distribution Methods 

   

 We sell our Biotechnology products directly to customers who are primarily located in North America, Europe and China. We have a sales and marketing partnership agreement with Fisher Scientific in order to bolster our market presence in North America and leverage the transactional efficiencies offered by the large Fisher organization. We also sell through third party distributors in China, Japan, certain eastern European countries and the rest of the world. Our sales are widely distributed, and no single end-user customer accounted for more than 10% of Biotechnology's net sales during fiscal 2018, 2017 or 2016. 

   

 
 2 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Biotechnology Segment  Competitors 

   

 A number of companies supply the worldwide market for protein-related and chemically-based research and diagnostic reagents, including GE Healthcare Life Sciences, BD Biosciences, Merck KGaA/EMD Chemicals, Inc., PeproTech, Inc., Abcam plc., and Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. Market success is primarily dependent upon product quality, selection, price and reputation. We believe we are one of the leading world-wide suppliers of cytokine and growth factors in the research market. We further believe that the expansion of our product offering, the recognized quality of our products, and the continued demand for protein-related and chemically-based research reagents will allow us to remain competitive in the growing biotechnology research and diagnostic markets. 

   

 Biotechnology  Manufacturing 

   

 We are not dependent on key or sole source suppliers for most of our products in the Biotechnology segment. We develop and manufacture the majority of our proteins using recombinant DNA technology, thus significantly reducing our reliance on outside resources. Our antibodies are produced using a variety of technologies including traditional animal immunization and hybridoma technology as well as recombinant antibody techniques. Our  in situ  hybridization and chemical-based small molecule products are synthesized from widely available products. We typically have several outside sources for all critical raw materials necessary for the manufacture of our products. 

   

 The majority of our Biotechnology products are shipped within one day of receipt of the customers' orders. Consequently, we had no significant backlog of orders for our Biotechnology segment products as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or as of a comparable date for fiscal 2017. 

   

 Protein Platforms Segment 

   

 Proteins are important for understanding disease because they are the functional units that carry out specific tasks in every cell. Altered levels of certain proteins can prevent the cell from performing its intended function, produce the energy it requires, maintain its morphology or survive within the tissue. However, protein analysis is complex given the varied and unique three-dimensional structure of the many proteins of interest. Our Protein Platforms segment develops, manufactures and sells tools to simplify protein analysis while at the same time achieving more quantitative and reproducible results. 

   

 Protein Platforms Segment Products 

   

 Our Protein Platforms business has an array of platforms useful in various areas of protein analysis. 

   

 Developers of biologics-based drugs are required by regulatory agencies, such as FDA, to develop robust processes to ensure that the specific biologic of interest can be identified and characterized accurately and then consistently and reliably produced. Our Biologics tools help researchers interrogate protein purity and identify contaminants during the development and production of biologics by measuring some elements of protein identity, purity and heterogeneity. 

   

 The Western blot, or Western, is one of the most widely-used assays for protein analysis and identification today, and is used by molecular biologists, biochemists and clinicians to determine if a specific protein is present in a sample. Our Simple Western platform is a fully-automated Western blot analytical technique that can identify and quantify a protein of interest in a more sensitive, automated and less time-intensive manner. 

   

 A common assay used in research and clinical diagnostics is the ELISA, or enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The SimplePlex platform is a transformative immunoassay technology which integrates an innovatively designed microfluidic cartridge with a state-of-the-art analyzer to deliver a bench-top immunoassay system that is more sensitive than a manual multi-well place based ELISA with none of the traditional challenges of assay design or repeatability. 

   

 The Single Cell Western platform and related reagents perform western blot assays on individual cells versus an entire cell population. With this tool, customers can elucidate the properties of individual cells to better understand cell behavior that can shape the overall cell population response in a disease or normal state. 

   

 
 3 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Protein Platforms Segment Cus tomers and Distribution Methods 

   

 Our customers for this segment include researchers in academia as well as by investigators in industry, such as pharmaceutical and biotech companies. Our biologics line of products is used primarily by production and quality control departments at biotech and pharmaceutical companies. We sell our Protein Platforms products directly to customers who are primarily located in North America, western Europe and Japan. We also sell through third party distributors in China, southern Europe and the rest of the world. Our sales are widely distributed, and no single end-user customer accounted for more than 10% of Protein Platforms' net sales during fiscal 2018, 2017 or 2016. 

   

 Protein Platforms Segment Competitors 

   

 Our Simple Western platform is a complete replacement for the traditional manual Western blot. As a result, we face competition from the vendors that supply instruments and reagents to traditional Western blot users. These competitors include Bio-Rad Laboratories, GE Healthcare, Merck KGaA, PerkinElmer and Thermo Fisher Scientific. All of these vendors provide elements of the traditional work flow. Similarly, our SimplePlex platform replaces the traditional manual ELISA assay as well as some flow cytometry-based multiplex immunoassays; competitors include those who supply instruments and reagents for ELISAs, including Meso Scale Discovery, PerkinElmer, Thermo Fisher, Luminex, Millipore, Molecular Devices, Tecan BioTek, and Bio-Rad Laboratories. The primary competitors for our Biologics instrumentation are Agilent Technologies, Danaher and PerkinElmer, as well as GE Healthcare, Shimadzu, Thermo Fisher and Waters. We believe our competitive position is strong due to the unique aspects of our products and our product quality. 

   

 Protein  Platforms Segment Manufacturing 

   

 We manufacture our products for this division at various locations in the United States and Canada. We manufacture our own components where we believe it adds significant value, but we rely on suppliers for the manufacture of some of the consumables, components, subassemblies and autosamplers used with, or included in, our systems, which are manufactured to our specifications. We are not dependent on any one supplier and are not required to carry significant amounts of inventory to assure ourselves of a continuous allotment of goods from suppliers. We conduct all final testing and inspection of our products. We have established a quality control program, including a set of standard manufacturing and documentation procedures. 

   

 There was no significant backlog of orders for our Protein Platforms products as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or as of a comparable date for fiscal 2017. 

   

 Diagnostics Segment 

   

 Diagnostics Segment Products 

   

 This segment includes blood chemistry and blood gas quality controls, hematology instrument controls, diagnostic immunoassays, and other bulk and custom reagents for the  in vitro  diagnostic market worldwide. Often we manufacture these reagents on a custom basis to optimize their use in a customer's diagnostic assay. We supply these reagents in various formats including liquid, frozen, or in lyophilized form. 

   

 Diagnostics Segment Customers and Distribution Methods 

   

 Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) agreements represent the largest market for our historical diagnostics products. In fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, OEM agreements accounted for $62.8 million, $60.7 million, and $54.2 million, or 57%, 57%, and 52% of division net sales in each fiscal year, respectively. We sell some of our diagnostics products directly to customers and, in Europe and Asia, also through distributors. One OEM customer accounted for approximately 12% of the Diagnostics Division's net sales during fiscal year 2017. This customer did not amount to 10% or more of the Company's consolidated net sales during fiscal year 2017. No customer accounted for more than 10% of the Diagnostics Division’s net sales during fiscal years 2018 or 2016. 

   

   

   

 
 4 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Diagnostics Segment Competitors 

   

 We believe we are the third largest supplier of hematology controls in the marketplace behind Beckman Coulter, Inc. and Streck, Inc. For our other control and calibrator products, the principal competitors are Abbott Diagnostics, Beckman Coulter, Inc., Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc., Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Inc. and Sysmex Corporation. We compete based primarily on product performance, quality, and price. SeraCare, HyTest Ltd and Thermo Fisher Scientific are additional competitors in the clinical diagnostic manufacturing and reagents markets. 

   

 Diagnostics Segment Manufacturing 

   

 The primary raw material for our hematology controls products is whole blood. We purchase human blood from commercial blood banks, and porcine and bovine blood from nearby meat processing plants. Although the cost of human blood has increased due to the requirement that it be tested for certain diseases and pathogens prior to use, the higher cost of these materials has not had a material adverse effect on our business thus far. Other controls are derived from various bodily fluids or cells from different animal species, which are then processed in-house to isolate the product of interest or from other bulk reagent suppliers that specialize in certain products. Our other reagent products are manufactured using a variety of suppliers, with no supplier representing a material portion of our business. 

   

 Most of the hematology controls products are shipped based on a preset, recurring schedule. However, the majority of our business in this segment are large orders shipped based on our customers' needs; we are highly dependent on our customers’ demand and inventory controls. Consequently, our revenues can vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. There was no significant backlog of orders for our Diagnostics products as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or as of a comparable date for fiscal 2017. 

   

 Geographic Information 

   

 Following is financial information relating to geographic areas (in thousands):  

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 6 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net sales: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 United States 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 346,293 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 313,195 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 275,859 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 EMEA, excluding U.K. 
			 
			   
			   
			 148,599 
			   
			   
			   
			 125,126 
			   
			   
			   
			 103,060 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 U.K. 
			 
			   
			   
			 33,704 
			   
			   
			   
			 28,401 
			   
			   
			   
			 28,307 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 APAC, excluding Greater China 
			 
			   
			   
			 48,392 
			   
			   
			   
			 41,463 
			   
			   
			   
			 38,137 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Greater China 
			 
			   
			   
			 47,950 
			   
			   
			   
			 39,078 
			   
			   
			   
			 36,199 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Rest of world 
			 
			   
			   
			 18,055 
			   
			   
			   
			 15,740 
			   
			   
			   
			 17,461 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total net sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 642,993 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 563,003 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 499,023 
			   
		 

 

    

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 Long-lived assets: 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 United States and Canada 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 129,360 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 119,859 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Europe 
			 
			   
			   
			 14,597 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,100 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 China 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,391 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,165 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total long-lived assets 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 145,348 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 135,124 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangible assets: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 United States and Canada 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 417,430 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 424,579 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Europe 
			 
			   
			   
			 21,386 
			   
			   
			   
			 18,710 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 China 
			 
			   
			   
			 7,516 
			   
			   
			   
			 8,753 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total intangible assets 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 446,332 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 452,042 
			   
		 

 

   

 
 5 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of the customer or distributor. Long-lived assets are comprised of land, buildings and improvements and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation. See the description of risks associated with the Company's foreign subsidiaries in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

   

 PRODUCTS UNDER DEVELOPMENT 

   

 Bio-Techne is engaged in continuous research and development in all of our major product lines. We believe that our future success depends, to a large extent, on our ability to keep pace with changing technologies and market needs. 

   

 In fiscal 2018, Bio-Techne introduced approximately 1,500 new products. We also expect to significantly expand our portfolio of products through acquisitions as well as continued product development in our existing businesses. However, there is no assurance that any of the products in the research and development phase can be successfully completed or, if completed, can be successfully introduced into the marketplace. 

    

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Research and development expense: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Biotechnology 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 35,895 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 35,507 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 26,981 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Protein Platforms 
			 
			   
			   
			 15,348 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,424 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,610 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			   
			 3,848 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,583 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,596 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Corporate 
			 
			   
			   
			 238 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total research and development expense 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 55,329 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 53,514 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 45,187 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Percent of net sales 
			 
			   
			   
			 9 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 10 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 9 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 

 

    

 PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS 

   

 Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our core technologies and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets and trademarks, as well as customary contractual protections. 

   

 As of June 30, 2018, we had rights to 152 granted patents and approximately 82 pending patent applications.  With respect to our Protein Platforms segment and the Biotechnology segment’s genomic  in situ  hybridization product line, the protection is primarily through pending patent applications and issued patents.  Patent protection, if granted, generally has a life of 20 years from the date of the patent application or patent grant. We cannot provide assurance that any of our pending patent applications will result in the grant of a patent, whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims, and whether our claims will provide adequate coverage of our competitors' products or services. 

   

 In addition to pursuing patents on our products, we also preserve much of our innovation as trade secrets, particularly in the Biotechnology segment. We have taken steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees, consultants, corporate partners and, when needed, our advisors. Such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements, and we may not be able to prevent such unauthorized disclosure. Monitoring unauthorized disclosure is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to prevent such disclosure are, or will be, adequate. 

   

 No assurance can be given that Bio-Techne's products do not infringe upon patents or proprietary rights owned or claimed by others. Bio-Techne has not conducted a patent infringement study for each of its products. Where we have been contacted by patent holders with certain intellectual property rights, Bio-Techne typically has entered into licensing agreements with patent holders under which it has the exclusive and/or non-exclusive right to use patented technology as well as the right to manufacture and sell certain patented products to the research market. In addition, certain of our products are covered by licenses from third parties to supplement our own patent portfolio. 

   

 
 6 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Bio-Techne has obtained federal trademark registration for certain of its brand and product names. Bio-Techne believes it has common law trademark rights to certain marks in addition to those which it has registered. 

   

 SEASONALITY OF BUSINESS 

   

 Bio-Techne believes there is some seasonality as a result of vacation and academic schedules of its worldwide customer base, particularly for the Biotechnology and Protein Platforms Segments. A majority of Diagnostics segment products are manufactured in large bulk lots and sold on a schedule set by the customer. Consequently, sales for that segment can be unpredictable, although not necessarily based on seasonality. As a result, we can experience material and sometimes unpredictable fluctuations in our revenue for this segment. 

   

 LAWS AND REGULATIONS 

   

 Our operations, and some of the products we offer, are subject to a number of complex and stringent laws and regulations governing the production, marketing, handling, transportation and distribution of chemicals, drugs and other similar products, including the operating and security standards of the Food and Drug Administration, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and various comparable state and foreign agencies. As Bio-Techne’s businesses also include export and import activities, we are subject to pertinent laws enforced by the U.S. Departments of Commerce, State and Treasury. While we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with such laws and regulations, any noncompliance could result in substantial fines or otherwise restrict our ability to provide competitive distribution services and thereby have an adverse effect on our financial condition. To date, none has had a material impact on our operations. 

   

 We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. We have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. 

   

 EMPLOYEES 

   

 Through its subsidiaries, Bio-Techne employed approximately 2,000 full-time and part-time employees as of June 30, 2018. 

   

 INVESTOR INFORMATION 

   

 We are subject to the information requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 

   

 Financial and other information about us is available on our web site (http://www.bio-techne.com/investors). We make available on our web site copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC. 

   

 
 7 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

   

 Currently, the names, ages, positions and periods of service of each executive officer of the Company are as follows: 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Name 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Age 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Position 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Officer Since 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Charles Kummeth 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 58 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 2013 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 James T. Hippel 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 47 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Chief Financial Officer 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 2014 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Brenda Furlow 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 60 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 2014 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 David Eansor 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 57 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 President, Protein Sciences 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 2014 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Kim Kelderman 
			 
			   
			 
			 50 
			 
			   
			 
			 President, Diagnostics and Genomics 
			 
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
		 

 

   

 Set forth below is information regarding the business experience of each executive officer. There are no family relationships among any of the officers named, nor is there any arrangement or understanding pursuant to which any person was selected as an officer. 

   

 Charles Kummeth has been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 1, 2013. Prior to joining the Company, he served as President of Mass Spectrometry and Chromatography at Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. from September 2011. He was President of that company's Laboratory Consumables Division from 2009 to September 2011. Prior to joining Thermo Fisher, Mr. Kummeth served in various roles at 3M Corporation, most recently as the Vice President of the company's Medical Division from 2006 to 2008. 

   

 James T. Hippel has been Chief Financial Officer of the Company since April 1, 2014. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hippel served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Mirion Technologies, Inc., a $300 million global company that provides radiation detection and identification products. Prior to Mirion, Mr. Hippel served as Vice President, Finance at Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc., leading finance operations for its Mass Spectrometry & Chromatography division and its Laboratory Consumables division. In addition, Mr. Hippel's experience includes nine years of progressive financial leadership at Honeywell International, within its Aerospace Segment. Mr. Hippel started his career with KPMG LLP. 

   

 David Eansor is President, Protein Sciences, effective July 1, 2018. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Biotechnology Division since April 2015 and as Senior Vice President, Novus Biologicals, since the Company completed its acquisition of Novus on July 2, 2014. From January 2013 until the date of the acquisition, Mr. Eansor was the Senior Vice President of Corporate Development of Novus Biologicals. Prior to joining Novus, Mr. Eansor was the President of the Bioscience Division of Thermo Fisher Scientific. Mr. Eansor was promoted to Division President in early 2010 after 5 years as President of Thermo Fisher's Life Science Research business. 

      

 Kim Kelderman joined Bio-Techne on April 30, 2018 as President, Diagnostics and Genomics. Prior to Bio-Techne, Mr. Kelderman was employed at Thermo Fisher Scientific where he led three different businesses of increasing scale and complexity. For the last three years, Mr. Kelderman managed the Platforms and Content of the Genetic Sciences Division, where he was responsible for the Instrumentation, Software, Consumables and Assays businesses, and brands such as Applied Biosystems and legacy Affymetrix. Before joining Thermo Fisher, Kim served as Senior Segment Leader at Becton Dickinson, managing the global Blood Tubes “Vacutainer” business. 

   

 Brenda Furlow joined the Company as General Counsel and Secretary on August 4, 2014. Most recently, Ms. Furlow was affiliated with Alphatech Counsel, SC and served as general counsel to emerging growth technology companies. Ms. Furlow was General Counsel for TomoTherapy, Inc., a global, publicly traded company that manufactured and sold radiation therapy equipment from 2007 to 2011. From 1998 to 2007, Ms. Furlow served as General Counsel for Promega Corporation, a global life sciences company. 

   

 
 8 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 

   

 This report contains forward-looking statements, which are based on the Company's current assumptions and expectations. The principal forward-looking statements in this report include the Company's expectations regarding product releases and strategy, future financial results, acquisition activity, the competitive environment, currency fluctuation and exchange rates, capital expenditures, the performance of the Company's investments, future dividend declarations, the construction and lease of certain facilities, the adequacy of owned and leased property for future operations, anticipated financial results and sufficiency of capital resources to meet the Company's foreseeable future cash and working capital requirements. 

   

   

 All such forward-looking statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Although the Company believes there is a reasonable basis for the forward-looking statements, the Company's actual results could be materially different. The most important factors which could cause the Company's actual results to differ from forward-looking statements are set forth in the Company's description of risk factors in Item 1A to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

   

 
 9 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

   

 Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and elsewhere that are forward-looking involve risks and uncertainties which may affect the Company's actual results of operations. Certain of these risks and uncertainties, which have affected and, in the future, could affect the Company's actual results are discussed below. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements made due to new information or future events. Investors are cautioned not to place undue emphasis on these statements. 

   

 The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluation of the Company's business and any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and elsewhere. See the section entitled “forward-looking statements” set forth above. Any of the following risks or others discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the Company's other SEC filings could materially adversely affect the Company's business, operating results and financial condition. 

   

 It may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for  revenue  growth  in light of competitive challenges . 

   

 We face significant competition across many of our product lines. Competitors include companies ranging from start-up companies, which may be able to more quickly respond to customers' needs, to large multinational companies, which may have greater financial, marketing, operational, and research and development resources than the Company. In addition, consolidation trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostics industries have served to create fewer customer accounts and to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, resulting in increased pricing pressure on the Company. Moreover, customers may believe that consolidated businesses are better able to compete as sole source vendors, and therefore prefer to purchase from such businesses. The entry into the market by manufacturers in China, India and other low-cost manufacturing locations is also creating increased pricing and competitive pressures, particularly in developing markets. Failure to anticipate and respond to competitors' actions may impact the Company's future sales and earnings. 

   

 To address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to maintain and improve our revenue growth, including: 

   

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 developing new applications for our technologies; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 continuing key opinion leader initiatives; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 finding new markets for our products; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 acquiring new products and business in growing or novel markets; and 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services to take advantage of our depth in product offerings. 
			 
		 

 

   

 We may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business. 

   

 Our acquisition growth strategy pose s  financial, management and other risks and challenges. 

   

 We routinely explore acquiring other businesses and assets, and have completed fifteen acquisitions and several investments in the last six years. However, we may be unable to identify or complete promising acquisitions for many reasons, including competition among buyers, the high valuations of businesses in our industry, the need for regulatory and other approvals, and availability of capital. There can be no assurance that we will engage in any additional acquisitions or that we will be able to do so on terms that will result in any expected benefits. In addition, acquisitions financed with borrowings could make us more vulnerable to business downturns and could negatively affect our earnings due to higher leverage and interest expense. 

   

 
 10 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Our inability to complete acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business.   

   

 Our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. Certain acquisitions may be difficult to complete for a number of reasons, including the need for antitrust and/or other regulatory approvals. Any acquisition we may complete may be made at a substantial premium over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired company. When we do identify and consummate acquisitions, we may face financial, managerial and operational challenges, including diversion of management attention, difficulty with integrating acquired businesses, integration of different corporate cultures, increased expenses, assumption of unknown liabilities, indemnities, potential disputes with the sellers, and the need to evaluate the financial systems of and establish internal controls for acquired entities. Further, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business. 

   

 We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill and other amortizable intangible assets, or other investments become impaired. 

   

 We are required under generally accepted accounting principles to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and to review our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired through merger and acquisition activity, for impairment when events or changes in circumstance indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could lead to impairment of goodwill, amortizable intangible assets, and other assets acquired via acquisitions include significant adverse changes in the business climate and actual or projected operating results (affecting our company as a whole or affecting any particular segment) and declines in the financial condition of our business. We may be required in the future to record additional charges to earnings if our goodwill, amortizable intangible assets or other investments become impaired. Any such charge would adversely impact our financial results. 

   

 In addition, the Company's expansion strategies include collaborations and investments in joint ventures and companies developing new products related to the Company's business. These strategies carry risks that objectives will not be achieved and future earnings will be adversely affected. For example, the Company has an approximate 8% equity investment in publicly traded ChemoCentryx, Inc. (Nasdaq: CCXI) that is valued at $54.3 million as of June 30, 2018. The ownership of CCXI shares is very concentrated, the share price is highly volatile and there is limited trading of the shares. In fiscal 2017, we also invested and held a minority interest in privately-held Astute Medical, Inc. (Astute), a diagnostics company developing new diagnostics tests relating to kidney injury. In fiscal 2018, Astute was acquired by a third party and we realized a loss $16.2 million on our investment. 

   

 Significant developments stemming from the U.S. administration or the U.K.’s referendum on membership in the EU could have an adverse effect on us. 

   

 The U.S. administration has called for substantial changes to trade agreements, such as the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), and has imposed significant increases on tariffs on goods imported into the United States, particularly from China. The administration has also indicated an intention to ask Congress to make significant changes, replacement or elimination of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and government negotiation/regulation of drug prices paid by government programs. Changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or laws and policies governing the health care system and drug prices, foreign trade, manufacturing, and development and investment in the territories and countries where we or our customers operate could adversely affect our operating results and our business. 

   

 Additionally, in a referendum vote held on June 23, 2016, the United Kingdom (UK) voted to leave the European Union (EU). Subsequently, on March 29, 2017, the UK invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty to formally begin the withdrawal process. The impact of this action has caused and may continue to cause global economic uncertainty and currency exchange rate fluctuations. Although it is unknown what the terms of the UK’s future relationship with the EU will be, it is possible that there will be disruption to the UK and EU economies, as well as greater restrictions on imports and exports between the UK and the EU and increased regulatory and tax complexities. Any of these factors could adversely affect customer demand, our relationships with customers and suppliers, and our business and financial results, particularly since our European headquarters and shipping facilities are currently located in the UK. Additionally, attracting and retaining qualified employees who are citizens of EU countries to our UK facilities may be more difficult given the uncertainties resulting from the UK withdrawal. 

   

 
 11 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses.   

   

 We compete in many markets in which we and our customers must comply with federal, state, local and international regulations, such as environmental, health and safety and food and drug regulations. We develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by those regulations. Any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. For example, many of our instruments are marketed to the pharmaceutical industry for use in discovering and developing drugs. Changes in the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s regulation of the drug discovery and development process could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products. 

   

 We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. 

   

 We have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities in the U.S. and elsewhere and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. The laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. 

   

 We are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies.   

   

 We are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the U.S. Federal Drug Administration (the FDA), the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (the DEA), the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the DHHS), and other comparable agencies and, in the future, any changes to such laws and regulations could adversely affect us. In particular, we are subject to laws and regulations concerning current good manufacturing practices and drug safety. Our subsidiaries may be required to register for permits and/or licenses with, and may be required to comply with the laws and regulations of, the DEA, the FDA, the DHHS, foreign agencies and/or comparable state agencies as well as certain accrediting bodies depending upon the type of operations and location of product distribution, manufacturing and sale. The manufacture, distribution and marketing of many of our products and services, including medical devices and pharma services, are subject to extensive ongoing regulation by the FDA, the DEA, and other equivalent local, state, federal and non-U.S. regulatory authorities. In addition, we are subject to inspections by these regulatory authorities. Failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of these regulatory authorities, including without limitation, remediating any inspectional observations to the satisfaction of these regulatory authorities, could result in warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals, including those relating to products or facilities. In addition, such a failure could expose us to contractual or product liability claims, contractual claims from our customers, including claims for reimbursement for lost or damaged active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as ongoing remediation and increased compliance costs, any or all of which could be significant. We are the sole manufacturer of a number of products for many of our customers and a negative regulatory event could impact our customers' ability to provide products to their customers. 

   

 We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of products, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and our business practices in the U.S. and abroad such as anti-corruption and anti-competition laws. Any noncompliance by us with applicable laws and regulations or the failure to maintain, renew or obtain necessary permits and licenses could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.  

   

 
 12 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 We are subject to financial, operating, legal and compliance risk associated with global operations. 

   

 We engage in business globally, with approximately 46% of our sales revenue in fiscal 2018 coming from outside the U.S. In addition, one of our strategies is to expand geographically, particularly in China, India and in developing countries, both through distribution and through direct operations. This subjects us to a number of risks, including international economic, political, and labor conditions; currency fluctuations; tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries); increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; unexpected changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements; failure of laws to protect intellectual property rights adequately; inadequate local infrastructure and difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology; tariffs, quotas and other trade barriers and restrictions; transportation delays; operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices; and other factors beyond our control, including terrorism, war, natural disasters, climate change and diseases. 

   

 The application of laws and regulations implicating global transactions is often unclear and may at times conflict. Compliance with these laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in our business practices that result in reduced revenue and profitability. Non-compliance could also result in fines, damages, criminal sanctions, prohibited business conduct, and damage to our reputation. We incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our global operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations, which may be substantially different from those in the U.S. 

   

 We continue to expand our operations in countries with developing economies, where it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by U.S. regulations applicable to the Company, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors, and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain aspects of our business operations, including those based in foreign countries where practices which violate such U.S. laws may be customary, will comply with our internal policies. Any such non-compliance, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could have an adverse effect on our business and result in significant fines or penalties. 

    

 Changes in economic conditions could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. 

   

 Our biotechnology and protein platforms products are sold primarily to research scientists at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and at university and government research institutions. Research and development spending by our customers and the availability of government research funding can fluctuate due to changes in available resources, mergers of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. Our diagnostics segment products are intended primarily for the medical diagnostics market, which relies largely on government healthcare-related policies and funding. Changes in government reimbursement for certain diagnostic tests or reductions in overall healthcare spending could negatively impact us directly or our customers and, correspondingly, our sales to them. Several years ago, the U.S. and global economies experienced a period of economic downturn and have been slow to recover in some parts of the world. Such downturns, and other reductions or delays in governmental funding, could cause customers to delay or forego purchases of our products. We carry essentially no backlog of orders and changes in the level of orders received and filled daily can cause fluctuations in quarterly revenues and earnings. 

      

 
 13 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Over the past two years we identified and remediated material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which, if recurring, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 

   

 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. At the beginning of fiscal 2017 management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of these material weaknesses, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-An Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2017. In fiscal 2018 we completed a remediation plan that addressed these material weaknesses. As we continue to grow and acquire additional business, we may fail to implement effective internal controls for our recently acquired operations that result in additional material weaknesses, and harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inadequate internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common shares. 

   

 Our success will be dependent on recruiting and retaining highly qualified personnel and creating a new culture that includes the employees joining through acquisition. 

   

 Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, production, sales and marketing, and management personnel are critical to our success. Our anticipated growth and its expected expansion into areas and activities requiring additional expertise will require the addition of new personnel and the development of additional expertise by existing personnel. We also operate in several geographic locations where competition for talent is strong, making employee retention particularly challenging in those locations. For example, some of our fastest growing businesses are located in northern California and eastern Massachusetts, both of which currently are experiencing low unemployment and a competitive environment for finding and retaining talent. Our growth by acquisition also creates challenges in retaining employees. As we integrate past and future acquisitions and evolve our corporate culture to incorporate the new workforces, some employees may not find such integration or cultural changes appealing. The failure to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect our business. 

   

 Cyber security risks and the failure to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our computer hardware, software, and Internet applications and related tools and functions could result in damage to our reputation and/or subject us to costs, fines, or lawsuits. 

   

 The integrity and protection of our own data, and that of our customers and employees, is critical to our business. The regulatory environment governing information, security and privacy laws is increasingly demanding and continues to evolve. Maintaining compliance with applicable security and privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products and services to customers. Although our computer and communications hardware are protected through physical and software safeguards, it is still vulnerable to fire, storm, flood, power loss, earthquakes, telecommunications failures, physical or software break-ins, software viruses, and similar events. These events could lead to the unauthorized access, disclosure and use of non-public information. The techniques used by criminal elements to attack computer systems are sophisticated, change frequently and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. As a result, we may not be able to address these techniques proactively or implement adequate preventative measures. If our computer systems are compromised, we could be subject to fines, damages, litigation, and enforcement actions, customers could curtail or cease using its applications, and we could lose trade secrets, the occurrence of which could harm our business. 

    

 We are dependent on maintaining our intellectual property rights. 

   

 Our success depends in part on our ability to protect and maintain our intellectual property, including trade secrets. If we fail to protect our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us, we may lose our technological or competitive advantage, or we may incur substantial litigation costs in our attempts to recover or restrict use of our intellectual property. We attempt to protect trade secrets in part through confidentiality agreements, but those agreements can be breached, and if they are, there may not be an adequate remedy. If trade secrets become publicly known, we could lose our competitive position. 

   

 
 14 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 We also attempt to protect and maintain intellectual property through the patent process. As of June 30, 2018, we owned or exclusively licensed 152 granted U.S. patents and approximately 82 pending patent applications. We cannot be confident that any of our currently pending or future patent applications will result in granted patents, and we cannot predict how long it will take for such patents to be granted. It is possible that, if patents are granted to us, others will design around our patented technologies. Further, other parties may challenge any patents granted to us and courts or regulatory agencies may hold our patents to be invalid or unenforceable. We may not be successful in defending challenges made against our patents and patent applications. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents. Our ability to establish or maintain a technological or competitive advantage over our competitors may be diminished because of these uncertainties. To the extent our intellectual property offers inadequate protection, or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, we would be exposed to a greater risk of direct competition. If our intellectual property does not provide adequate coverage of our competitors' products, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business. Both the patent application process and the process of managing patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive. 

   

 We may be involved in disputes to determine the scope, coverage and validity of others' proprietary rights, or to defend against third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, any of which could be time-intensive and costly and may adversely impact our business. 

   

 Our success depends in part on its ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to obtain licenses where necessary or appropriate. We have obtained and continue to negotiate licenses to produce a number of products claimed to be owned by others. Since we have not conducted a patent infringement study for each of our products, it is possible that some of our products may unintentionally infringe patents of third parties. 

   

 We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. These lawsuits are expensive, take significant time, and divert management's focus from other business concerns. If we are found to be infringing the intellectual property of others, we could be required to cease certain activities, alter our products or processes or pay licensing fees. This could cause unexpected costs and delays which may have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to obtain a required license on acceptable terms, or unable to design around any third party patent, we may be unable to sell some of our products and services, which could result in reduced revenue. In addition, if we do not prevail, a court may find damages or award other remedies in favor of the opposing party in any of these suits, which may adversely affect our earnings. 

   

 The Company relies heavily on internal manufacturing and related operations to produce, package and distribute its products which, if disrupted, could materially impair our business operations. 

   

 The Company's internal quality control, packaging and distribution operations support the majority of the Company's sales. Since certain Company products must comply with Food and Drug Administration Quality System Regulations and because in all instances, the Company creates value for its customers through the development of high-quality products, any significant decline in quality or disruption of operations for any reason, particularly at the Minneapolis facility, could adversely affect sales and customer relationships, and therefore adversely affect the business. While the Company has taken certain steps to manage these operational risks, and while insurance coverage may reimburse, in whole or in part, for losses related to such disruptions, the Company's future sales growth and earnings may be adversely affected by perceived disruption risks or actual disruptions. 

   

 Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. 

   

 We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, hurricanes or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. Although most of our raw materials are available from a number of potential suppliers, our operations also depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. If we are unable to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price, we may not be able to produce certain of our products or we may not be able to produce certain of these products at a marketable price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

   

 
 15 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Fluctuations in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

   

 As a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. In particular, we are affected by the impact of changes to tax laws or related authoritative interpretations in the United States, including tax reform under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”) signed by the President of the United States on December 22, 2017, which includes broad and complex changes to the United States tax code and the state tax response to the Tax Act.  Reasonable estimates were used in determining several of the components of the impact of the Tax Act, including our fiscal 2018 deferred income tax activity and the amount of post-1986 foreign deferred earnings subject to the repatriation toll charge.  In addition, certain provisions of the Tax Act including the Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax (BEAT) and the provision designed to tax currently global intangible low-tax income (GILTI) are effective for the Company in the year beginning July 1, 2018.   We are still analyzing certain aspects of the Tax Act and refining our calculations, which could potentially affect the measurement of our deferred tax balances and the amount of the repatriation toll charge liability, and ultimately cause us to revise our initial estimates in future periods. In addition, changes in interpretations, assumptions and guidance regarding the Tax Act, as well as the potential for technical corrections, could have a material impact on our effective tax rate in future periods. 

   

 In preparing our financial statements, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Our future effective tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. Any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

   

 Because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. 

   

 We ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies, such as FedEx in the U.S. and DHL in Europe. If one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. In addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected. 

   

 As a multinational corporation, we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 

   

 International markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. The exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. International revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. These fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. As a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (the "functional currency"). Movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. As our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. In fiscal 2018, currency translation had a favorable effect of $12.7 million on revenues due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies in which the company sells products and services. 

   

 We have entered into and drawn on a revolving credit facility. The burden of this additional debt could adversely affect us, make us more vulnerable to adverse economic or industry conditions, and prevent us from funding our expansion strategy. 

   

 In connection with the acquisition of Exosome Diagnostics on August 1, 2018, we used a new credit facility governed by a Credit Agreement entered into on July 28, 2018. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of $600 million, which can be increased by an additional $200 million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of $250 million. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate. As of August 24, 2018, the Company had drawn $330 million under the Credit Agreement. 

   

 The terms of the Credit Agreement and the burden of the indebtedness incurred thereunder could have negative consequences for us, such as: 

   

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, expansion strategy, or other needs; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility in planning for, adverse changes in economic, industry and competitive conditions; and 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 increasing our vulnerability to increases in interest rates. 
			 
		 

 

   

 
 16 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 The Credit Agreement also contains negative covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our ability to, among other things, sell, lease or transfer any properties or assets, with certain exceptions; and enter into certain merger, consolidation or other reorganization transactions, with certain exceptions. 

   

 A breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default under our credit facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lender could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under such facility to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. In addition, the Company would be subject to additional restrictions if an event of default exists under the Credit Agreement, such as a prohibition on the payment of cash dividends. 

   

 Our share price will fluctuate. 

   

 Over the last several years, stock markets in general and our common stock in particular have experienced significant price and volume volatility. Both the market price and the daily trading volume of our common stock may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our operations and business prospects. In addition to the risk factors discussed above, the price and volume volatility of our common stock may be affected by: 

   

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 operating results that vary from our financial guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 the financial performance of the major end markets that we target; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 the operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; and 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			   
			 
			 • 
			 
			 
			 changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, commodity and equity prices and the value of financial assets. 
			 
		 

 

   

 Dividends on our common stock could be reduced or eliminated in the future. 

   

 For the past 10 years, our Board has consistently declared quarterly dividends of $0.25 to $0.32 cents per share. In the future, our Board may determine to reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in order to fund investments for growth, repurchase shares or conserve capital resources. 

   

 
 17 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

   

 There are no unresolved staff comments as of the date of this report. 

    

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

   

 The Company owns the facilities that its headquarters and R&D Systems subsidiary occupy in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The Minneapolis facilities are utilized by both the Company's Biotechnology and Diagnostics segments. 

   

 The Minneapolis complex includes approximately 800,000 square feet of space in several adjoining buildings. Bio-Techne uses approximately 625,000 square feet of the complex for administrative, research, manufacturing, shipping and warehousing activities. The Company is currently leasing or plans to lease the remaining space in the complex as retail and office space. 

    

 The Company owns a 17,000 square foot facility that its Bio-Techne Europe subsidiary occupies in Abingdon, England. This facility is utilized by the Company's Biotechnology and Protein Platforms segments. 

   

 Additionally, the Company owns a 34,000 square foot facility that its Atlanta Biologicals subsidiary occupies in Flowery Branch, Georgia. This facility is utilized by the Company’s Biotechnology segment. 

   

 The Company leases the following material facilities, all of which are primarily utilized by the Company's Biotechnology segment with the exception of the locations used by the Company's ProteinSimple and CyVek subsidiaries, which support the Protein Platforms segment and the Bionostics, Cliniqa and Exosome Diagnostics subsidiaries (Diagnostics segment). Certain locations are not named because they were not significant individually or in the aggregate as of the date of this report. 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Subsidiary 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Location 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Type 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Square Feet 
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Bio-Techne Europe 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Langley, United Kingdom 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Warehouse 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 14,300 
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Bio-Techne China 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Shanghai and Beijing, China 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Office/warehouse 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 10,700 
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Boston Biochem 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Cambridge, Massachusetts 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Office/lab 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 7,400 
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Tocris 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Bristol, United Kingdom 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Office/manufacturing/lab/warehouse 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 30,000 
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 PrimeGene 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Shanghai, China 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Office/manufacturing/lab 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 20,600 
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Bionostics 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Devens, Massachusetts 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 Office/manufacturing 
			 
			 
			    
			 
			 
			 48,000 
			 
			 
			    
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Novus Biologicals 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Littleton, Colorado 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Office/warehouse 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 22,500 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 ProteinSimple 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 San Jose, California 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Office/manufacturing/warehouse 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 167,000 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 ProteinSimple Canada 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Ottawa and Toronto, Canada 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Office/manufacturing/warehouse 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 13,900 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 CyVek 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Wallingford, Connecticut 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Office/manufacturing/warehouse 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 17,500 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Cliniqa 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 San Marcos, California 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Office/manufacturing/warehouse 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 62,200 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Advanced Cell Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			 
			 Newark, California 
			 
			   
			 
			 Office/manufacturing/warehouse 
			 
			   
			 
			 46,500 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Eurocell Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			 
			 Rennes, France 
			 
			   
			 
			 Office/warehouse 
			 
			   
			 
			 11,000 
			 
			   
		 

 

   

 The Company believes the owned and leased properties are adequate to meet its occupancy needs in the foreseeable future. 

    

 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

   

 As of August 27, 2018, the Company is not a party to any legal proceedings that, individually or in the aggregate, are reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

    

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

   

 Not applicable. 

   

 
 18 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 PART II 

   

 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER 

 MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

   

 Market Price of Common Stock 

   

 The Company's common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "TECH." The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low sales price per share for the Company's common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Fiscal 201 8   Price 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Fiscal 201 7   Price 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 High 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Low 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 High 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Low 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 First Quarter 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 124.00 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 112.33 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 117.42 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 103.99 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Second Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 136.39 
			   
			   
			   
			 120.61 
			   
			   
			   
			 112.20 
			   
			   
			   
			 98.92 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Third Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 151.89 
			   
			   
			   
			 128.06 
			   
			   
			   
			 108.58 
			   
			   
			   
			 95.68 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Fourth Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 166.81 
			   
			   
			   
			 142.66 
			   
			   
			   
			 119.98 
			   
			   
			   
			 98.22 
			   
		 

 

   

 Holders of Common Stock and Dividends Paid 

   

 As of August 17, 2018, there were over 40,000 beneficial shareholders of the Company's common stock and over 425 shareholders of record. The Company paid quarterly cash dividends totaling $48.0 million, $47.7 million and $47.6 million in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Board of Directors periodically considers the payment of cash dividends, and there is no guarantee that the Company will pay comparable cash dividends, or any cash dividends, in the future. The Company entered into a revolving line of credit in July 2016, which would prohibit payment of dividends to Company shareholders in the event of a default thereunder. The Credit Agreement that governs the revolving line of credit contains customary events of default. 

   

 In connection with the acquisition of Exosome Diagnostics, Inc. on August 1, 2018, the Company entered into a new credit facility that provides for a revolving credit facility of $600 million, which can be increased by an additional $200 million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of $250 million.  The credit facility is governed by a Credit Agreement dated August 1, 2018 and matures on August 1, 2023.  The Credit Agreement that governs the revolving line of credit contains customary events of default and would prohibit payment of dividends to Company shareholders in the event of a default thereunder. 

   

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

   

 There was no share repurchase activity by the Company in fiscal 2018. As of June 30, 2018, the maximum approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the Company's existing stock repurchase plan is approximately $125 million. The plan does not have an expiration date. 

    

 
 19 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Stock Performance Graph 

   

 The following chart compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company's common stock with the S&P Midcap 400 Index, the S&P 400 Biotechnology Index, and the S&P 400 MidCap Life Sciences Tools and Services Index.  We have included in the chart the S&P 400 MidCap Life Sciences Tools and Services Index, which we expect will replace the S&P 400 Biotechnology Index in our chart in future years as this index now only includes one company.  The comparison assumes $100 was invested on the last trading day before July 1, 2013 in the Company's common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends. 

   

    

   

 

   

 
 20 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

   (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Income and Share Data: 
			 
			   
			 
			 2018 (1) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 (2) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 (3) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2015 (4) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2014 (5) 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 642,993 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 563,003 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 499,023 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 452,246 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 357,763 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Operating income 
			 
			   
			   
			 136,178 
			   
			   
			   
			 120,584 
			   
			   
			   
			 150,593 
			   
			   
			   
			 147,023 
			   
			   
			   
			 159,750 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings before income taxes  ( 6 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 125,952 
			   
			   
			   
			 111,961 
			   
			   
			   
			 147,481 
			   
			   
			   
			 154,162 
			   
			   
			   
			 161,392 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings 
			 
			   
			   
			 126,150 
			   
			   
			   
			 76,086 
			   
			   
			   
			 104,476 
			   
			   
			   
			 107,735 
			   
			   
			   
			 110,948 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diluted earnings per share 
			 
			   
			   
			 3.31 
			   
			   
			   
			 2.03 
			   
			   
			   
			 2.80 
			   
			   
			   
			 2.89 
			   
			   
			   
			 3.00 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Average common and common equivalent shares - diluted (in thousands) 
			 
			   
			   
			 38,055 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,500 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,326 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,231 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,005 
			   
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Balance Sheet Data as of June 30: 
			 
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2015 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2014 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash, cash equivalents and short-term available-for-sale investments 
			 
			   
			   
			 181,754 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 157,714 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 95,835 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 110,921 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 363,354 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Working capital 
			 
			   
			   
			 318,856 
			   
			   
			   
			 212,503 
			   
			   
			   
			 199,744 
			   
			   
			   
			 208,515 
			   
			   
			   
			 443,022 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,593,202 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,558,219 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,129,581 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,063,360 
			   
			   
			   
			 862,491 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total shareholders' equity 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,079,061 
			   
			   
			   
			 949,627 
			   
			   
			   
			 879,280 
			   
			   
			   
			 846,935 
			   
			   
			   
			 795,265 
			   
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Cash Flow Data: 
			 
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2015 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2014 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net cash provided by operating activities 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 170,367 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 143,721 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 144,157 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 139,359 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 136,762 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Capital expenditures 
			 
			   
			   
			 20,934 
			   
			   
			   
			 15,179 
			   
			   
			   
			 16,898 
			   
			   
			   
			 19,905 
			   
			   
			   
			 13,821 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash dividends declared per share 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.28 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.28 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.28 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.27 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.23 
			   
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Employee Data as of June 30: 
			 
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2015 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2014 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Employees 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,943 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,789 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,560 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,356 
			   
			   
			   
			 967 
			   
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (1) 
			 
			 
			 The Company acquired Trevigen on September 5, 2017, Atlanta Biologicals on January 2, 2018, and Eurocell Diagnostics on February 1, 2018. 
			 
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (2) 
			 
			 
			 The Company acquired Space on July 1, 2016, and Advanced Cell Diagnostics on August 1, 2016. 
			 
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (3) 
			 
			 
			 The Company acquired Cliniqa on July 8, 2015, and Zephyrus on March 21, 2016. 
			 
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (4) 
			 
			 
			 The Company acquired Novus Biologicals on July 2, 2014, ProteinSimple on July 31, 2014, and CyVek on November 3, 2014. 
			 
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (5) 
			 
			 
			 The Company acquired Bionostics on July 22, 2013, and PrimeGene on April 30, 2014. 
			 
		 

 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (6) 
			 
			 
			 Earnings before income taxes included acquisition related expenses related to amortization of intangibles, costs recognized on sale of acquired inventories and professional fees associated with acquisition activity, as follows: 2018 - $74.2 million; 2017 - $73.2 million; 2016 - $37.6 million; 2015 - $37.6 million; 2014 - $20.0 million. 
			 
		 

 

   

 
 21 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL 

 CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

   

 The following management discussion and analysis (“MD&A”) provides information that we believe is useful in understanding our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. We provide quantitative information about the material sales drivers including the effect of acquisitions and changes in foreign currency at the corporate and segment level. We also provide quantitative information about discrete tax items and other significant factors we believe are useful for understanding our results. The MD&A should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial information and related notes included in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains various “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” and also contains various “Forward-Looking Statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We refer readers to the statements entitled “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” located at the end of this MD&A and “Forward-Looking Information and Cautionary Statements” and “Risk Factors” within Items 1 and 1A of this Form 10-K. 

   

 OVERVIEW 

   

 Bio-Techne develops, manufactures and sells biotechnology products and clinical diagnostic controls worldwide. With our deep product portfolio and application expertise, Bio-Techne is a leader in providing specialized proteins, including cytokines and growth factors, and related immunoassays, small molecules and other reagents to the research, diagnostics and clinical controls markets. 

   

 Bio-Techne operates worldwide with three reportable business segments, Biotechnology, Protein Platforms, and Diagnostics, all of which service the life science and diagnostics markets. The Biotechnology reporting segment provides consumables used for conducting laboratory experiments by both industry and academic scientists within the biotechnology and biomedical life science fields including proteins, antibodies, immunoassays, flow cytometry products, intracellular signaling products, and biologically active chemical compounds. The Protein Platforms reporting segment develops and commercializes proprietary systems and consumables for protein analysis. The Diagnostics reporting segment reporting segment provides a range of controls and calibrators used with diagnostic equipment and as proficiency testing tools, as well as other reagents incorporated into diagnostic kits. 

    

 OVERALL RESULTS 

   

 For fiscal 2018, consolidated net sales increased 14% as compared to fiscal 2017. After adjusting for the impacts of the Trevigen, Atlanta Biologicals and Eurocell acquisitions in fiscal 2018, as well as foreign currency fluctuations, organic sales for the year increased 9% with currency translation contributing 2% and acquisitions contributing 3%. The organic growth was broad-based as the Company achieved high-single digit growth in the US with contributions from both the Academic and Bio-Pharma end-markets. Europe sales grew in the mid-teens with growth in both the Academic and Bio-Pharma end-markets. China sales grew nearly 25% and Japan sales grew in the mid-teens while the rest of the Asia-Pacific region grew in the high-teens. 

   

 Consolidated GAAP net earnings increased 65% for fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. After adjusting for acquisition related costs, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax items in both years, adjusted net earnings increased 24% in fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017. Adjusted earnings growth was driven by strong volume leverage and the benefit from tax reform, which was partially offset by negative business mix, lower margin acquisitions, and investments in global commercial resources and administrative infrastructure. 

   

 For fiscal 2017, consolidated net sales increased 13% as compared to fiscal 2016. After adjusting for the impacts of the Space and Advanced Cell Diagnostics (ACD) acquisitions in fiscal 2017, as well as foreign currency fluctuations, organic sales for the year increased 6% with currency translation having a negative impact of 1% and acquisitions contributing 8%. The organic growth was broad-based, with the Company achieving growth in all three of its reporting segments. A strong Bio-Pharma end-market in the US and Europe and additional market demand for Protein Platforms instruments were the biggest contributing factors to organic growth. 

   

 Consolidated GAAP net earnings decreased 27% for fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. After adjusting for acquisition related costs, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax items in both years, adjusted net earnings increased 4% in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016. Adjusted earnings growth was driven by strong volume leverage, which was offset by negative mix and a negative impact from foreign currency translation. 

   

 
 22 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

   

 Net Sales 

   

 Consolidated organic net sales exclude the impact of net sales contributed by companies acquired during the fiscal year and the effect of the change from the prior year in exchange rates used to convert sales in foreign currencies (primarily the euro, British pound sterling, and Chinese yuan) into U.S. dollars. 

   

 Consolidated net sales growth was as follows: 

    

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Organic sales growth 
			 
			   
			   
			 9 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 6 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 6 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisitions sales growth 
			 
			   
			   
			 3 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 8 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 6 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Impact of foreign currency fluctuations 
			 
			   
			   
			 2 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2 
			 
			 )% 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Consolidated net sales growth 
			 
			   
			   
			 14 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 13 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 10 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 

 

   

   

 Consolidated net sales by reportable segment were as follows (in thousands):  

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 8 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 6 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Biotechnology 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 421,536 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 364,504 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 317,340 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Protein Platforms 
			 
			   
			   
			 111,885 
			   
			   
			   
			 91,464 
			   
			   
			   
			 77,324 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			   
			 110,108 
			   
			   
			   
			 107,139 
			   
			   
			   
			 104,484 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intersegment 
			 
			   
			   
			 (536 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (104 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (125 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Consolidated net sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 642,993 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 563,003 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 499,023 
			   
		 

 

   

   

 In fiscal 2018, Biotechnology segment net sales increased 16% compared to fiscal 2017. Organic growth for the segment was 9% for the fiscal year, with acquisitions contributing 4% and foreign currency translation having a favorable impact of 3%. Continued strength from ACD, a fiscal 2017 acquisition, and the proteins and assays product categories drove growth. 

    

 In fiscal 2018, the Protein Platforms segment net sales increased 22% compared to fiscal 2017. Organic growth for the segment was 20% with foreign currency translation having a favorable impact of 2%. Growth was broad-based and led by continued market demand for Simple Western (Wes) instruments and consumables and the Simple Plex (Ella) product lines. 

   

 In fiscal 2018, Diagnostics segment net sales increased 3% compared to fiscal 2017. Organic growth for the segment was 1% with acquisitions contributing 2%. 

   

 In fiscal 2017, Biotechnology segment net sales increased 15% compared to fiscal 2016. Organic growth for the segment was 4% for the fiscal year, with acquisitions contributing 13% and foreign currency translation having an unfavorable impact of 2%. Antibody and assay product categories drove growth. The growth in antibodies was led by double-digit growth in the Novus brand. The growth in assays was led by Luminex-based products the Company makes and sells and royalties received from Luminex assay suppliers who use the Company’s content in the production of their assays. 

    

 
 23 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 In fiscal 2017, the Protein Platforms segment net sales increased 18% compared to fiscal 2016. Organic growth for the segment was 19% with acquisitions contributing 1% and foreign currency translation having an unfavorable impact of 2%. Growth was broad-based and led by additional market demand for Simple Western (Wes) instruments and consumables, and the Simple Plex (Ella) and Biologics (Maurice) product lines. 

   

 In fiscal 2017, Diagnostics segment net sales increased 3% compared to fiscal 2016. All results for fiscal 2017 were organic. Timing of OEM orders had a negative impact on fiscal 2017 results. Mid-single digit sales growth in blood and glucose-based controls was partially offset by the timing of OEM shipments from the diagnostic assay and reagent product lines.  

    

 Gross Margins 

   

 Consolidated gross margins were 67.2%, 66.5% and 67.5% in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Consolidated gross margins were negatively impacted as a result of purchase accounting related to inventory and intangible assets acquired during fiscal 2018, 2017, 2016 and prior years. Under purchase accounting, inventory is valued at fair value less expected selling and marketing costs, resulting in reduced margins in future periods as the inventory is sold. Excluding the impact of acquired inventory sold and amortization of intangibles, adjusted gross margins were 71.5%, 71.2% and 70.8% in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

   

 A reconciliation of the reported consolidated gross margin percentages, adjusted for acquired inventory sold and intangible amortization included in cost of sales, is as follows: 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Consolidated gross margin percentage 
			 
			   
			   
			 67.2 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 66.5 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 67.5 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Identified adjustments: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory 
			 
			   
			   
			 0.4 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 0.6 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.1 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Amortization of intangibles 
			 
			   
			   
			 3.9 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 4.1 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 2.2 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Non-GAAP adjusted gross margin percentage 
			 
			   
			   
			 71.5 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 71.2 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 70.8 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 

 

   

   

 Fluctuations in adjusted gross margins, as a percentage of net sales, have primarily resulted from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in product mix. We expect that, in the future, gross margins will continue to be impacted by the mix of our portfolio growing at different rates as well as future acquisitions. 

   

 Management uses adjusted operating results to monitor and evaluate performance of the Company’s three business segments. Since these results are used for this purpose, they are also considered to be prepared in accordance with GAAP. Segment gross margins, as a percentage of net sales, were as follows:  

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Biotechnology 
			 
			   
			   
			 79.4 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 80.5 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 80.0 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Protein Platforms 
			 
			   
			   
			 69.6 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 67.6 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 67.8 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			   
			 43.5 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 42.3 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 44.8 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 

 

   

   

 The decrease in the Biotechnology segment’s gross margin percentage for fiscal 2018 was primarily attributable to mix of product sales made in this segment. The improvements in the Protein Platforms and Diagnostics gross margin percentages for fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017 were due to higher volume leverage and operational productivity. 

   

 
 24 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 The Biotechnology improvement for fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily attributable to higher volume leverage and operational productivity. The Diagnostics and Protein Platforms segment gross margin percentages for fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 were negatively impacted by lower volume leverage and margin mix of product sales. 

   

 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

   

 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $40.2 million (20%) and $59.6 million (42%) in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively. 

   

 The increase in fiscal 2018 was driven by additional investments in global commercial resources and administrative infrastructure, a larger cost base due to acquisitions and $13.6 million of additional stock-based compensation expense of which $8.3 million is from a new retirement policy that permits retirees to continue vesting in certain time-based stock options granted during employment, resulting in accelerated stock compensation expense for those employees meeting the definition of retirement eligible. 

   

 The increase in fiscal 2017 was driven by additional expenses associated with the Space, ACD and Zephyrus acquisitions including $21.1 million of selling, general and administrative expenses, a $3.0 million increase in acquisition intangible amortization, a $18.4 million change in the fair value of contingent consideration and a $4.6 million increase in other acquisition related costs. The remaining increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2017 was primarily due to additional investments in global commercial resources, administrative infrastructure, including increased stock compensation, and annual wage, salary and benefit increases. 

   

 Consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses were composed of the following (in thousands): 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 7 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 6 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Biotechnology 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 99,655 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 82,801 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 58,414 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Protein Platforms 
			 
			   
			   
			 44,475 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,735 
			   
			   
			   
			 34,186 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			   
			 15,774 
			   
			   
			   
			 13,207 
			   
			   
			   
			 12,781 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total segment expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 159,904 
			   
			   
			   
			 133,743 
			   
			   
			   
			 105,381 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Amortization of intangibles 
			 
			   
			   
			 21,650 
			   
			   
			   
			 21,328 
			   
			   
			   
			 18,300 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisition related expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 24,429 
			   
			   
			   
			 25,789 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,761 
			   
		 
		 
			 Restructuring costs 
			   
			   
			 376 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Stock-based compensation 
			 
			   
			   
			 28,240 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,631 
			   
			   
			   
			 9,430 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Corporate selling, general and administrative expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 6,037 
			   
			   
			   
			 4,952 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,007 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 240,636 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 200,443 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 140,879 
			   
		 

 

   

   

 Research and Development Expenses 

   

 Research and development expenses increased $1.8 million (3%) and $8.3 million (18%) in fiscal 2018 and 2017, respectively, as compared to prior year periods. The increase in research and development expense in fiscal 2018 and 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 was due to $10.2 million and $8.6 million of additional expenses from ACD, one of the Company’s fiscal 2017 acquisitions. 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 7 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Biotechnology 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 35,895 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 35,507 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 26,981 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Protein Platforms 
			 
			   
			   
			 15,348 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,424 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,610 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			   
			 3,848 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,583 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,596 
			   
		 
		 
			 Total segment expenses 
			   
			   
			 55,091 
			   
			   
			   
			 53,514 
			   
			   
			   
			 45,187 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Unallocated corporate expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 238 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total research and development expenses 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 55,329 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 53,514 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 45,187 
			   
		 

 

   

 
 25 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Net Interest Income / (Expense) 

   

 Net interest income/(expense) for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 was $(9.8) million, $(7.1) million, and $(1.5) million respectively. Net interest expense in fiscal 2018 increased due to changes in interest rates. Net interest expense in fiscal 2017 increased due to the new revolving credit facility the Company entered into in July 2016 to help fund the acquisition of ACD. 

   

 Other Non-Operating Expense, Net 

   

 Other non-operating expense, net, consists of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, rental income, building expenses related to rental property and the Company's share of gains and losses from equity method investees as follows (in thousands): 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 7 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 6 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Foreign currency (losses) gains 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (227 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (636 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (1,080 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Rental income 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,177 
			   
			   
			   
			 947 
			   
			   
			   
			 950 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Real estate taxes, depreciation and utilities 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,803 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,818 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,762 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Gain (loss) on investment 
			 
			   
			   
			 397 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Miscellaneous (expense) income 
			 
			   
			   
			 9 
			   
			   
			   
			 (59 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 279 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other non-operating income (expense), net 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (447 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (1,566 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (1,613 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 

 

    

   

 During the third quarter fiscal 2018, the Company recognized a $16.2 million impairment on the write-down of its investment in Astute Medical, Inc. (Astute) in anticipation of the amount of cash to be received upon completion of the sale of Astute to a third party. The Astute sale closed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 at the anticipated amount. This loss was offset by a $16.1 million gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment in ChemoCentryx, Inc. (CCXI) and a $0.5 million gain on the sale of investment property in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018. These gains and losses are included in other income (expense) in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. 

   

 Income Taxes 

   

 Income taxes for fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 were at effective rates of (0.2)%, 32.0%, and 29.2%, respectively, of consolidated earnings before income taxes. The effective rate for June 30, 2018 decreased by 32.2% compared to the prior year. The decrease in the Company’s tax rate for fiscal 2018 was due to the impact of discrete items, primarily the net tax benefit of $33.0 million related to government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”). This net tax benefit consisted of $36.5 million due to the re-measurement of the Company’s deferred tax accounts to reflect the U.S. federal corporate tax rate reduction impact to our net deferred tax balances offset by expense for the repatriation tax of $3.3 million. Also impacting the Company’s fiscal 2018 effective tax rate was a $2.2 million tax benefit related to stock option exercises offset by a net discrete tax expense of $4.2 million related to the revaluation of contingent consideration, which is not a tax deductible expense. 

   

 The effective rate for June 30, 2017 increased by 2.8% compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to unfavorable discrete events in fiscal 2017 related to the revaluation of contingent consideration, which is not a tax deductible expense. The Company recognized net expense related to discrete tax items of $3.8 million in fiscal 2017, including $4.5 million in expense related to the revaluation of contingent consideration which is not a tax deductible expense. There were no material discrete tax items in fiscal 2016. 

    

 U.S. federal taxes have been reduced by the manufacturer's deduction provided for under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 and the U.S. federal credit for research and development. Foreign income taxes have been provided at rates which approximate the tax rates in the countries in which the Company has operations, exclusive of permanent items. 

   

 
 26 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Net Earnings 

   

 Non-GAAP adjusted consolidated net earnings are as follows (in thousands): 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 6 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 126,150 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 76,086 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 104,476 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Identified adjustments: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,455 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,037 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,431 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Amortization of intangibles 
			 
			   
			   
			 46,983 
			   
			   
			   
			 44,393 
			   
			   
			   
			 29,395 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisition related expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 24,774 
			   
			   
			   
			 25,789 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,761 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Restructuring costs 
			 
			   
			   
			 376 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Stock-based compensation 
			 
			   
			   
			 28,240 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,631 
			   
			   
			   
			 9,430 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Gain on investment 
			 
			   
			   
			 (397 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Tax impact of above adjustments 
			 
			   
			   
			 (21,625 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (20,483 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (14,551 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Tax impact of discrete tax items and other foreign adjustments 
			 
			   
			   
			 (34,360 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,920 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2,638 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Non-GAAP adjusted net earnings 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 172,596 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 139,533 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 134,304 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Non-GAAP adjusted net earnings growth 
			 
			   
			   
			 24 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 4 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 3 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 

 

   

 Depending on the nature of discrete tax items, our reported tax rate may not be consistent on a period to period basis. The Company independently calculates a non-GAAP adjusted tax rate considering the impact of discrete items and jurisdictional mix of the identified non-GAAP adjustments. The following table summarizes the reported GAAP tax rate and the effective Non-GAAP adjusted tax rate for the periods ended June 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016. 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Reported GAAP tax rate 
			 
			   
			   
			 (0.2 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 32.0 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 29.2 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Tax rate impact of: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Identified non-GAAP adjustments 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2.7 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3.8 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 0.4 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Discrete tax items and other foreign adjustments 
			 
			   
			   
			 27.3 
			   
			   
			   
			 2.0 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.4 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Non-GAAP adjusted tax rate 
			 
			   
			   
			 24.4 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 30.2 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 30.9 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 

 

   

 The difference between the reported GAAP tax rate and non-GAAP tax rate applied to the identified non-GAAP adjustments for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2018 is due primarily to recording the items attributable to the new tax legislation in the U.S. which resulted in a $33.0 million tax benefit. Offsetting this benefit is the impact of the revaluation of contingent consideration which is not tax deductible. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, the Company recorded acquisition related expense of $20.1 million related to the change in fair value of contingent consideration. 

   

 The difference between the reported GAAP tax rate and non-GAAP tax rate applied to the identified non-GAAP adjustments for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2017 is primarily a result of the revaluation of contingent consideration, which is not tax deductible. For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2017, the Company recorded acquisition related expense of $18.4 million related to the change in fair value of contingent consideration. 

   

 
 27 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

   

 Cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale investments at June 30, 2018 were $181.8 million compared to $157.7 million at June 30, 2017. Included in available-for-sale investments at June 30, 2018 and June 30, 2017 was the fair value of the Company's investment in CCXI of $54.3 million and $59.6 million, respectively. 

   

 At June 30, 2018, approximately 41% of the Company's cash and equivalent account balances of $122.0 million were located in the U.S., with the remainder located in primarily in Canada, China, the U.K. and other European countries. 

    

 At June 30, 2018, approximately 91% of the Company's available-for-sale investment account balances of $59.8 million were located in the U.S., with the remaining 9% in China. 

   

 The Company has either paid U.S. taxes on its undistributed foreign earnings or intends to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed earnings in the foreign operations or expects the earnings will be remitted in a tax neutral transaction. Management of the Company expects to be able to meet its cash and working capital requirements for operations, facility expansion, capital additions, and cash dividends for the foreseeable future, and at least the next 12 months, through currently available funds, including funds available through our line-of-credit and cash generated from operations. 

   

 During fiscal 2018, the Company acquired Trevigen, Atlanta Biologicals and Eurocell Diagnostics for approximately $10.6 million, $51.3 million and $7.3 million, respectively. The acquisitions were financed through a combination of cash on hand and our revolving line of credit facility. 

   

 During fiscal 2017, the Company acquired Space and ACD for approximately $9.0 million and $258.0 million, respectively. The acquisitions were financed through a combination of cash on hand and our revolving line of credit facility that the Company obtained prior to the closing of the ACD acquisition. The ACD acquisition also included certain future contingent payments of up to $75.0 million due upon the achievement of certain revenue milestones. Additionally, the Company made a $40.0 million equity investment in Astute Medical, Inc. 

   

 During fiscal 2016, the Company acquired Cliniqa and Zephyrus for approximately $82.9 million and $8.0 million, respectively. These acquisitions were financed with a combination of cash on hand and our revolving line of credit facility. The Zephyrus acquisition consisted of a net cash payment of $8.0 million and certain future contingent payments of up to $7.0 million. 

    

 On July 2, 2018, the Company acquired QT Holdings Corporation (Quad) for approximately $20 million plus $51 million in potential contingent consideration. On August 1, 2018, the Company acquired Exosome Diagnostics, Inc. (Exosome) for approximately $250 million plus $325 million in potential contingent consideration.   In connection with the acquisition of Exosome Diagnostics on August 1, 2018, the Company entered into a new credit facility governed by a Credit Agreement entered into on August 1, 2018 that matures on August 1, 2023.. The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of $600 million, which can be increased by an additional $200 million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of $250 million. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a variable rate. 

   

 Future acquisition strategies may or may not require additional borrowings under the line-of-credit facility or other outside sources of funding. 

   

 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

   

 The Company generated cash from operations of $170.4 million, $143.4 million, and $143.9 million in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The increase in cash generated from operating activities in fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017 was mainly the result of higher earnings and decreases in operating assets driven by strong collections of trade accounts receivable and increases in operating liabilities, net of acquisitions. 

   

 Cash Flows From Investing Activities 

   

 We continue to make investments in our business, including capital expenditures. Net cash paid for acquisitions of Trevigen, Atlanta Biologicals and Eurocell Diagnostics was $67.9 million in fiscal 2018, a substantial decrease from the net cash paid of $253.8 million for the ACD and Space acquisitions in fiscal 2017. The Company paid net cash of $91.4 million for the Cliniqa and Zephyrus acquisitions during fiscal 2016. 

   

 
 28 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 In addition to the ACD and Space acquisitions in fiscal 2017, the Company also invested $40.0 million in Astute Medical, Inc. (Astute) during the second quarter of fiscal 2017. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, Astute was sold to a third party. The Company received a cash payment of $22.5 million upon the closing of the acquisition. 

   

 The Company's net proceeds from the purchase, sale and maturity of available-for-sale investments in fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016 were $27.8 million, $3.0 million, and $0.8 million, respectively. The increase in proceeds in fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017 was driven by the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment in CCXI. The Company's investment policy is to place excess cash in municipal and corporate bonds with the objective of obtaining the highest possible return while minimizing risk and keeping the funds accessible. 

    

 Capital additions in fiscal year 2018, 2017, and 2016 were $20.9 million, $15.2 million, and $16.9 million. Capital additions planned for fiscal 2019 are approximately $30.7 million and are expected to be financed through currently available cash and cash generated from operations. 

   

 Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

   

 In fiscal 2018, 2017, and 2016, the Company paid cash dividends of $48.0 million, $47.3 million, and $47.6 million, respectively. The Board of Directors periodically considers the payment of cash dividends. 

   

 The Company received $19.2 million, $5.3 million, and $5.4 million, for the exercise of options for 204,000, 63,000, and 69,000 shares of common stock in fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The Company recognized excess tax benefits from stock option exercises of $0.5 million and $0.6 million in fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

   

 During fiscal 2018, the Company drew $55.0 million under its revolving line-of-credit facility to fund its acquisition of Atlanta Biologicals and made repayments on its line-of-credit of $59.5 million. 

   

 During fiscal 2017, the Company drew $368.5 million under its revolving line-of-credit facility to partially fund its acquisition of ACD and investment in Astute. The Company made payments on the line-of-credit and other debt of $116.5 million. 

   

 During fiscal 2016, the Company drew $77.0 million under its revolving line-of-credit facility to partially fund its acquisitions of Cliniqa. The Company made payments on the line-of-credit and other debt of $58.5 million. 

   

 During fiscal 2018, the Company made $88.5 million ($50 million for ACD, $35 million for CyVek, and $3.5 million for Zephyrus) in cash payments towards the ACD, CyVek and Zephyrus contingent consideration liabilities. Of the $88.5 million in total payments, $61.9 million is classified as financing on the statement of cash flows. The remaining $26.6 million is recorded as operating on the statement of cash flows as it represents the consideration liability that exceeds the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date. 

   

 During fiscal 2017, the Company made $28.5 million ($3.5 million for Zephyrus and $25 million for ACD) in cash payments towards the Zephyrus and ACD contingent consideration liabilities after it determined that certain sales and revenue thresholds were met. Of the $28.5 million of total payments, $16.7 million is classified as financing. The financing component represents the portion of the total liability that was recognized at the acquisition date. The remaining $11.8 million is recorded as operating as it represents the consideration liability that exceed the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date. Additionally, the Company made payments of $3.6 million to settle outstanding consideration payables related to the PrimeGene acquisition. 

   

 In accordance with the terms of the purchase agreement, during the first quarter of fiscal 2018, the Company made the final $2.3 million payment for the Space acquisition. This payment is included within other financing activities. 

   

 In April 2009, the Board of Directors authorized a plan for the repurchase and retirement of $60.0 million of its common stock. In October 2012, the Board of Directors increased the amount authorized under the plan by $100.0 million. The plan does not have an expiration date. There were no stock repurchases in fiscal 2018, 2017, or 2016. As of June 30, 2018, approximately $125.0 million remained available for purchase under the above authorizations. 

    

 
 29 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

   

 The Company is not a party to any off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or obligations that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on the Company's financial condition, changes in the financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

   

 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

   

 The following table summarizes the Company's contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of June 30, 2018 (in thousands): 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 
			 Payments Due by Period 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Total 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Less than 
			1 Year 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 1-2 
			Years 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 3-4 
			Years 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 After 
			5 Years 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Long-term debt 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 339,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 339,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Lease obligations 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 90,297 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 10,654 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 20,808 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 20,935 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 37,900 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total contractual obligations 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 429,297 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 10,654 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 20,808 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 359,935 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 37,900 
			   
		 

 

   

   

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

   

 Management's discussion and analysis of the Company's financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

   

 The Company has identified the policies outlined below as critical to its business operations and an understanding of results of operations. The listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list of all accounting policies; investors should also refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

   

 Business Combinations 

   

 We allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of the acquisition. The calculations used to determine the fair value of the long-lived assets acquired, primarily intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgment. We weigh many factors when completing these estimates including, but not limited to, the nature of the acquired company’s business; its competitive position, strengths, and challenges; its historical financial position and performance; estimated customer retention rates; discount rates; and future plans for the combined entity. We may also engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value calculations for significant acquired long-lived assets. 

   

 The fair value of acquired technology is estimated, using the relief from royalty method, which calculates the cost savings associated with owning rather than licensing the technology. Assumed royalty rates are applied to the projected revenues for the remaining useful life of the technology to estimate the royalty savings. The fair value of acquired technology may also be estimated using the cost of reproduction method under which the primary components of the technology are identified and the estimated cost to reproduce the technology is calculated based on historical data provided by the acquirees. The fair value of trade names is estimated using the relief from royalty method, which calculates the cost savings associated with owning rather than licensing the trade name. Assumed royalty rates are applied to the projected revenues for the remaining useful life of the trade name to estimate the royalty savings. We generally estimate the fair value of acquired customer relationships using the multi-period excess earnings method. This valuation model estimates revenues and cash flows derived from the asset and then deducts portions of the cash flow that can be attributed to supporting assets, such as a brand name or fixed assets, that contributed to the generation of the cash flows. The resulting cash flow, which is attributable solely to the customer list asset, is then discounted at a rate of return commensurate with the risk of the asset to calculate a present value. The fair value of acquired customer relationships may also be estimated by discounting the estimated cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. Assumptions used in these calculations include same-customer revenue growth rates and estimated customer retention rates based on the acquirees' historical information. 

   

 
 30 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 We estimate the fair value of liabilities for contingent consideration by discounting to present value the probability weighted contingent payments expected to be made. Assumptions used in these calculations include discount rates, projected financial results of the acquired businesses based on our most recent internal forecasts, and factors indicating the probability of achieving the forecasted results. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to impairment testing on at least an annual basis. 

   

 We are also required to estimate the useful lives of the acquired intangible assets, which determines the amount of acquisition-related amortization expense we will record in future periods. Each reporting period, we evaluate the remaining useful lives of our amortizable intangibles to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. 

   

 While we use our best estimates and assumptions, our fair value estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Any adjustments required after the measurement period are recorded in the consolidated statements of earnings. 

   

 The judgments required in determining the estimated fair values and expected useful lives assigned to each class of assets and liabilities acquired can significantly affect net income. For example, different classes of assets will have useful lives that differ. Consequently, to the extent a longer-lived asset is ascribed greater value than a shorter-lived asset, net income in a given period may be higher. Additionally, assigning a lower value to amortizable intangibles would result in a higher amount assigned to goodwill. As goodwill is not amortized, this would benefit net income in a given period, although goodwill is subject to annual impairment analysis. 

   

 Impairment of Goodwill 

   

 Goodwill 

   

 Goodwill was $597.9 million as of June 30, 2018, which represented 37.5% of total assets. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that could indicate a possible impairment. 

   

 To analyze goodwill for impairment, we must assign our goodwill to individual reporting units. Identification of reporting units includes an analysis of the components that comprise each of our operating segments, which considers, among other things, the manner in which we operate our business and the availability of discrete financial information. Components of an operating segment are aggregated to form one reporting unit if the components have similar economic characteristics. We periodically review our reporting units to ensure that they continue to reflect the manner in which we operate our business. 

     

 
 31 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 2018 and 2017 Goodwill Impairment Analyses 

   

 In completing our 2018 and 2017 annual goodwill impairment analyses, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment for all of our reporting units. A quantitative assessment involves comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to its estimated fair value. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of the reporting unit, which often requires the allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. In accordance with ASU 2017-04, a goodwill impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. In determining the fair values of our reporting units, we utilized the income approach. The income approach is a valuation technique under which we estimated future cash flows using the reporting unit's financial forecast from the perspective of an unrelated market participant. Using historical trending and internal forecasting techniques, we projected revenue and applied our fixed and variable cost experience rates to the projected revenue to arrive at the future cash flows. A terminal value was then applied to the projected cash flow stream. Future estimated cash flows were discounted to their present value to calculate the estimated fair value. The discount rate used was the value-weighted average of our estimated cost of capital derived using both known and estimated customary market metrics. In determining the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, we were required to estimate a number of factors, including projected operating results, terminal growth rates, economic conditions, anticipated future cash flows, the discount rate and the allocation of shared or corporate items. 

   

 Because our 2018 and 2017 quantitative analyses included all of our reporting units, the summation of our reporting units' fair values was compared to our consolidated fair value, as indicated by our market capitalization, to evaluate the reasonableness of our calculations. 

   

 The quantitative assessment completed as of June 30, 2018 and 2017 indicated that all of the reporting units had a substantial amount of headroom. This impairment assessment is sensitive to changes in forecasted cash flows, as well as our selected discount rate. Changes in the reporting unit's results, forecast assumptions and estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the reporting units. 

   

 2016 Goodwill Impairment Analysis  

   

 The Company used a qualitative test for all reporting units during the fourth quarter for fiscal year 2016. The company elected to utilize a quantitative test for the Protein Platforms reporting unit for fiscal year 2016 using the previously described income approach given that this was a newer reporting unit created primarily through acquisitions. The qualitative analyses for our other reporting units completed during 2016 evaluated factors including, but not limited to, economic, market and industry conditions, cost factors and the overall financial performance of the reporting units. In completing these assessments, we noted no changes in events or circumstances which indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. Based on the testing performed for the Protein Platforms reporting unit, fair value exceeded carrying value by a substantial amount and no adjustment to the carrying value of goodwill was necessary. 

   

 There has been no impairment of goodwill since the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) ASC 350 guidance for goodwill and other intangibles on July 1, 2002. 

     

 NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

   

 Information regarding the accounting policies adopted during fiscal 2018 and those not yet adopted can be found under caption “Note 1: Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements appear in Item 8 of this report.  

   

 
 32 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

   

 On July 2, 2018, the Company acquired QT Holdings Corporation (Quad) for approximately $20 million plus $51 million in potential contingent consideration. On August 1, 2018, the Company acquired Exosome Diagnostics, Inc. (Exosome) for approximately $250 million plus $325 million in potential contingent consideration. 

   

 In connection with the acquisition of Exosome Diagnostics, Inc. on August 1, 2018, the Company entered into a new credit facility that provides for a revolving credit facility of $600 million, which can be increased by an additional $200 million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of $250 million.  The credit facility is governed by a Credit Agreement dated August 1, 2018 and matures on August 1, 2023 

   

 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 

   

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7, contains financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP). These non-GAAP measures include: 

   

 

		 
			 
			 ● 
			 
			 
			 Adjusted gross margin 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			 
			 ● 
			 
			 
			 Adjusted net earnings 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			 
			 ● 
			 
			 
			 Adjusted net earnings growth 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			 
			 ● 
			 
			 
			 Adjusted effective tax rate 
			 
		 

 

   

 We provide these measures as additional information regarding our operating results. We use these non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate our performance and in making financial and operational decisions, including with respect to incentive compensation. We believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results. 

   

 Our non-GAAP financial measures for adjusted gross margin, adjusted operating margin, and adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, exclude the costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory, amortization of acquisition intangibles, and acquisition related expenses. The Company excludes amortization of purchased intangible assets and purchase accounting adjustments, including costs recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory and acquisition-related expenses, from this measure because they occur as a result of specific events, and are not reflective of our internal investments, the costs of developing, producing, supporting and selling our products, and the other ongoing costs to support our operating structure. Additionally, these amounts can vary significantly from period to period based on current activity. 

   

 The Company’s non-GAAP adjusted operating margin and adjusted net earnings, in total and on a per share basis, also excludes stock based compensation expense, restructuring, impairments of equity method investments, gain and losses from investments, and certain adjustments to income tax expense. Stock based compensation is excluded from non-GAAP adjusted earnings because of the nature of this charge, specifically, the varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions, and the variety of award types. Impairments of equity investments are excluded as we do not have significant influence over these investments and they are not part of our day to day operating decisions. Additionally, gains and losses from other investments that are either isolated or cannot be expected to occur again with any predictability are excluded.   Costs related to restructuring activities, including reducing overhead and consolidating facilities, are excluded because we believe they are not indicative of our normal operating costs. The Company independently calculates a non-GAAP adjusted tax rate to be applied to the identified non-GAAP adjustments considering the impact of discrete items on these adjustments and the jurisdictional mix of the adjustments. In addition, the tax impact of other discrete and non-recurring charges which impact our reported GAAP tax rate are adjusted from net earnings. We believe these tax items can significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results and not necessarily reflect costs and/or income associated with historical trends and future results. 

   

 The Company periodically reassesses the components of our non-GAAP adjustments for changes in how we evaluate our performance, changes in how we make financial and operational decisions, and considers the use of these measures by our competitors and peers to ensure the adjustments are still relevant and meaningful. 

   

 
 33 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES 

 ABOUT MARKET RISK 

    

 The Company operates internationally, and thus is subject to potentially adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Approximately 28% of the Company's consolidated net sales in fiscal 2018 were made in foreign currencies, including 15% in euro, 5% in British pound sterling, 3% in Chinese yuan and the remaining 5% in other currencies. The Company is exposed to market risk primarily from foreign exchange rate fluctuations of the euro, British pound sterling, Chinese yuan and Canadian dollar as compared to the U.S. dollar as the financial position and operating results of the Company's foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars for consolidation. 

   

 Month-end exchange rates between the euro, British pound sterling, Chinese yuan, Canadian dollar and the U.S. dollar, which have not been weighted for actual sales volume in the applicable months in the periods, were as follows: 

   

 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 6 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Euro: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 High 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1.24 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.14 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.13 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Low 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.16 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.05 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.10 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Average 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.20 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.09 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.12 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 British pound sterling: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 High 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1.42 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.32 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.48 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Low 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.29 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.22 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.33 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Average 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.35 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.27 
			   
			   
			   
			 1.42 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Chinese yuan: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 High 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 0.16 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.15 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.15 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Low 
			 
			   
			   
			 0.15 
			   
			   
			   
			 0.14 
			   
			   
			   
			 0.15 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Average 
			 
			   
			   
			 0.15 
			   
			   
			   
			 0.15 
			   
			   
			   
			 0.15 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Canadian dollar: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 High 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 0.81 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.77 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.78 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Low 
			 
			   
			   
			 0.76 
			   
			   
			   
			 0.73 
			   
			   
			   
			 0.71 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Average 
			 
			   
			   
			 0.79 
			   
			   
			   
			 0.75 
			   
			   
			   
			 0.76 
			   
		 

 

   

 The Company's exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations also arises from trade receivables and intercompany payables denominated in one currency in the financial statements, but receivable or payable in another currency. 

   

 The Company does not enter into foreign currency forward contracts to reduce its exposure to foreign currency rate changes on forecasted intercompany sales transactions or on intercompany foreign currency denominated balance sheet positions. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in "Other non-operating expense, net" in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The effect of translating net assets of foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as part of "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)." 

   

 The effects of a hypothetical simultaneous 10% appreciation in the U.S. dollar from June 30, 2018 levels against the euro, British pound sterling, Chinese yuan and Canadian dollar are as follows (in thousands): 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Decrease in translation of 2018 earnings into U.S. dollars 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 3,750 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Decrease in translation of net assets of foreign subsidiaries 
			 
			   
			   
			 40,782 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Additional transaction losses 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,928 
			   
		 

 

   

 
 34 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   
   

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

   

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries 
(in thousands, except per share data) 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 8 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 642,993 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 563,003 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 499,023 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cost of sales 
			 
			   
			   
			 210,850 
			   
			   
			   
			 188,462 
			   
			   
			   
			 162,364 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Gross margin 
			 
			   
			   
			 432,143 
			   
			   
			   
			 374,541 
			   
			   
			   
			 336,659 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Operating expenses: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Selling, general and administrative 
			 
			   
			   
			 240,636 
			   
			   
			   
			 200,443 
			   
			   
			   
			 140,879 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Research and development 
			 
			   
			   
			 55,329 
			   
			   
			   
			 53,514 
			   
			   
			   
			 45,187 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total operating expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 295,965 
			   
			   
			   
			 253,957 
			   
			   
			   
			 186,066 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Operating income 
			 
			   
			   
			 136,178 
			   
			   
			   
			 120,584 
			   
			   
			   
			 150,593 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other income (expense): 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Interest expense 
			 
			   
			   
			 (10,188 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (7,361 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,748 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Interest income 
			 
			   
			   
			 409 
			   
			   
			   
			 304 
			   
			   
			   
			 249 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other non-operating income (expense), net 
			 
			   
			   
			 (447 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,566 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,613 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Total other income (expense) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (10,226 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (8,623 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,112 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings before income taxes 
			 
			   
			   
			 125,952 
			   
			   
			   
			 111,961 
			   
			   
			   
			 147,481 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Income taxes 
			 
			   
			   
			 (198 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 35,875 
			   
			   
			   
			 43,005 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings 
			 
			   
			   
			 126,150 
			   
			   
			   
			 76,086 
			   
			   
			   
			 104,476 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other comprehensive income (loss): 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Foreign currency translation adjustments 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,572 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,061 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (19,888 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments, net of tax of $398, $(6,501), and $3,794, respectively 
			 
			   
			   
			 5,693 
			   
			   
			   
			 24,531 
			   
			   
			   
			 (19,924 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
			 
			   
			   
			 4,121 
			   
			   
			   
			 21,470 
			   
			   
			   
			 (39,812 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Comprehensive income 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 130,271 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 97,556 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 64,664 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings per share: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Basic 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 3.36 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.04 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.81 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diluted 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 3.31 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.03 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.80 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash dividends per common share: 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1.28 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.28 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.28 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Basic 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,476 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,313 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,194 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diluted 
			 
			   
			   
			 38,055 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,500 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,326 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 
 35 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

   

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries 
(in thousands, except share and per share data) 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 ASSETS 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Current assets: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash and cash equivalents 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 121,990 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 91,612 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Short-term available-for-sale investments 
			 
			   
			   
			 59,764 
			   
			   
			   
			 66,102 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $839 and $696, respectively 
			 
			   
			   
			 120,296 
			   
			   
			   
			 116,830 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Inventories 
			 
			   
			   
			 85,648 
			   
			   
			   
			 60,151 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other current assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 10,668 
			   
			   
			   
			 13,330 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total current assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 398,366 
			   
			   
			   
			 348,025 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Property and equipment, net 
			 
			   
			   
			 145,348 
			   
			   
			   
			 135,124 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Goodwill 
			 
			   
			   
			 597,890 
			   
			   
			   
			 579,026 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangible assets, net 
			 
			   
			   
			 446,332 
			   
			   
			   
			 452,042 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 5,266 
			   
			   
			   
			 44,002 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total assets 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1,593,202 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1,558,219 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Current liabilities: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Trade accounts payable 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 18,452 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 16,856 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Salaries, wages and related accruals 
			 
			   
			   
			 23,710 
			   
			   
			   
			 26,602 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Accrued expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 21,403 
			   
			   
			   
			 18,518 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred revenue, current 
			 
			   
			   
			 7,067 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,968 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Income taxes payable 
			 
			   
			   
			 8,878 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,478 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Contingent consideration payable 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 65,100 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total current liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			 79,510 
			   
			   
			   
			 135,522 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred income taxes 
			 
			   
			   
			 86,293 
			   
			   
			   
			 120,596 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Long-term debt obligations 
			 
			   
			   
			 339,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 343,771 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Contingent consideration payable 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,300 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other long-term liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			 9,338 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,403 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Shareholders' equity: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Undesignated capital stock, no par; authorized 5,000,000 shares; none issued or outstanding 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock, par value $.01 a share; authorized 100,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 37,607,500 and 37,356,041 shares, respectively 
			 
			   
			   
			 376 
			   
			   
			   
			 374 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Additional paid-in capital 
			 
			   
			   
			 246,568 
			   
			   
			   
			 199,161 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Retained earnings 
			 
			   
			   
			 876,931 
			   
			   
			   
			 799,027 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
			 
			   
			   
			 (44,814 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (48,935 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Total shareholders' equity 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,079,061 
			   
			   
			   
			 949,627 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1,593,202 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1,558,219 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 
 36 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

   

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries 
(in thousands)   

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Common Stock 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Additional 
			Paid-in 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Retained 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Accumulated 
			Other 
			Comprehensive 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Shares 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Amount 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Capital 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Earnings 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Income(Loss) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Total 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Balances at June 30, 2015 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,153 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 371 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 163,306 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 713,851 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 (30,593 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 846,935 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 104,476 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 104,476 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other comprehensive loss 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (39,812 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (39,812 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Surrender and retirement of stock to exercise options 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 (31 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (31 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued for exercise of options 
			 
			   
			   
			 69 
			   
			   
			   
			 1 
			   
			   
			   
			 4,796 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 4,797 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued for restricted stock awards 
			 
			   
			   
			 23 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 (167 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (167 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash dividends 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (47,607 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (47,607 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Stock-based compensation expense 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 9,287 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 9,287 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Tax benefit from exercise of stock options 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 566 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 566 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued to employee stock purchase plan 
			 
			   
			   
			 9 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 692 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 692 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Employee stock purchase plan expense 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 144 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 144 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Balances at June 30, 2016 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,254 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 372 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 178,760 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 770,553 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 (70,405 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 879,280 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 76,086 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 76,086 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other comprehensive income 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 21,470 
			   
			   
			   
			 21,470 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Surrender and retirement of stock to exercise options 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 (275 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (275 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued for exercise of options 
			 
			   
			   
			 63 
			   
			   
			   
			 2 
			   
			   
			   
			 4,509 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 4,511 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued for restricted stock awards 
			 
			   
			   
			 31 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 (287 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (287 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash dividends 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (47,325 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (47,325 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Stock-based compensation expense 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 14,418 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 14,418 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Tax benefit from exercise of stock options 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 514 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 514 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued to employee stock purchase plan 
			 
			   
			   
			 11 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,022 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 1,022 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Employee stock purchase plan expense 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 213 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 213 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Balances at June 30, 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,356 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 374 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 199,161 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 799,027 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 (48,935 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 949,627 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 126,150 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 126,150 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other comprehensive income 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 4,121 
			   
			   
			   
			 4,121 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued for exercise of options 
			 
			   
			   
			 204 
			   
			   
			   
			 2 
			   
			   
			   
			 17,661 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 17,663 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued for restricted stock awards 
			 
			   
			   
			 34 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 (273 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (273 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash dividends 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (47,973 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (47,973 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Stock-based compensation expense 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 27,959 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 27,959 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Common stock issued to employee stock purchase plan 
			 
			   
			   
			 14 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,506 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 1,506 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Employee stock purchase plan expense 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 281 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 281 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Balances at June 30, 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,608 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 376 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 246,568 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 876,931 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 (44,814 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1,079,061 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

   

 
 37 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

   

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries 
(in thousands) 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 8 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 6 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash flows from operating activities: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 126,150 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 76,086 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 104,476 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Depreciation and amortization 
			 
			   
			   
			 64,463 
			   
			   
			   
			 60,036 
			   
			   
			   
			 42,764 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Costs recognized on sale of acquired inventory 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,455 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,037 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,431 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred income taxes 
			 
			   
			   
			 (46,716 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,433 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2,624 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Stock-based compensation expense 
			 
			   
			   
			 28,240 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,631 
			   
			   
			   
			 9,430 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Fair value adjustment to contingent consideration payable 
			 
			   
			   
			 20,100 
			   
			   
			   
			 18,400 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Contingent consideration 
			 
			   
			   
			 (26,600 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (11,800 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Gain on investment, net 
			 
			   
			   
			 (397 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other operating activity 
			 
			   
			   
			 776 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,215 
			   
			   
			   
			 (279 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Change in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Trade accounts and other receivables 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2,700 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (19,686 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (22,981 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Inventories 
			 
			   
			   
			 (13,327 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (732 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (6,626 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Prepaid expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,782 
			   
			   
			   
			 (2,088 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (381 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 5,026 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,695 
			   
			   
			   
			 8,924 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Salaries, wages and related accruals 
			 
			   
			   
			 (89 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 661 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,725 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Income taxes payable 
			 
			   
			   
			 10,204 
			   
			   
			   
			 699 
			   
			   
			   
			 298 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net cash provided by operating activities 
			 
			   
			   
			 170,367 
			   
			   
			   
			 143,721 
			   
			   
			   
			 144,157 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash flows from investing activities: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Proceeds from sale and maturities of available-for-sale investments 
			 
			   
			   
			 36,390 
			   
			   
			   
			 6,079 
			   
			   
			   
			 776 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Purchase of available-for-sale investments 
			 
			   
			   
			 (8,571 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,069 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Additions to property and equipment 
			 
			   
			   
			 (20,934 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (15,179 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (16,898 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
			 
			   
			   
			 (67,851 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (253,785 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (91,423 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Investment in unconsolidated entity 
			 
			   
			   
			 21,574 
			   
			   
			   
			 (40,000 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other investing activities 
			 
			   
			   
			 680 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 (25 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Net cash used in investing activities 
			 
			   
			   
			 (38,712 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (305,954 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (107,570 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash flows from financing activities: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash dividends 
			 
			   
			   
			 (47,973 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (47,325 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (47,607 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Proceeds from stock option exercises 
			 
			   
			   
			 19,170 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,257 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,458 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Excess tax benefit from stock option exercises 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 514 
			   
			   
			   
			 566 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Borrowings under line-of-credit agreement 
			 
			   
			   
			 55,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 368,500 
			   
			   
			   
			 77,000 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Payments on line-of-credit 
			 
			   
			   
			 (59,500 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (116,500 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (58,500 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Contingent consideration 
			 
			   
			   
			 (61,900 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (20,316 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other financing activities 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,985 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,017 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (287 
			 ) 
		 
		 
			 
			 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
			 
			   
			   
			 (99,188 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 189,113 
			   
			   
			   
			 (23,370 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2,089 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 495 
			   
			   
			   
			 (3,512 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
			 
			   
			   
			 30,378 
			   
			   
			   
			 27,375 
			   
			   
			   
			 9,705 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
			 
			   
			   
			 91,612 
			   
			   
			   
			 64,237 
			   
			   
			   
			 54,532 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 121,990 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 91,612 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 64,237 
			   
		 

 
 

   

  See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 
 38 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Bio-Techne Corporation and Subsidiaries 

   

 Years ended June 30, 2018, 2017 and 2016 

   

   

 
 Note  1.  Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: 

   

 Description of business:  Bio-Techne Corporation and subsidiaries, collectively doing business as Bio-Techne (the Company), develop, manufacture and sell biotechnology and clinical diagnostic products worldwide. With its deep product portfolio and application expertise, Bio-Techne is a leader in providing specialized proteins, including cytokines and growth factors, and related immunoassays, small molecules and other reagents to the research and diagnostics markets. 

   

 Use of  e stimates:  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include the valuation of accounts receivable, available-for-sale investments, inventory, intangible assets, contingent consideration, stock-based compensation and income taxes. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 

   

 Principles of consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

   

 Translation of foreign financial statements:  Assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign operations are translated at year-end rates of exchange and the resulting gains and losses arising from the translation of net assets located outside the U.S. are recorded as other comprehensive income (loss) on the consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income. The cumulative translation adjustment is a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets. Foreign statements of earnings are translated at the average rate of exchange for the year. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in other non-operating expense in the consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income. 

   

 Revenue recognition:  The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Payment terms for shipments to end-users are generally net  30  days. Payment terms for distributor shipments   may  range from  30  to  90  days. Freight charges billed to end-users are included in net sales and freight costs are included in cost of sales. Freight charges on shipments to distributors are paid directly by the distributor. Any claims for credit or return of goods must be made within  10  days of receipt. Revenues are reduced to reflect estimated credits and returns. Sales, use, value-added and other excise taxes are  not  included in revenue. 

   

 For contracts with multiple element arrangements, the Company allocates the contract’s transaction price to each element on a relative standalone selling price basis using the Company’s best estimate of the standalone selling price of each distinct product or service in the contract. The primary method used to estimate standalone selling price is the list price of each distinct product or service as this represents the best estimate of selling price. Allocation of the transaction price is determined at the contracts’ inception. 

   

 Royalty revenues are based on net sales of the Company’s licensed products by a  third  party. We recognize royalty revenues in the period the sales occur based on  third  party evidence received. 

   

 Deferred revenues include billings in excess of revenues recognized, such as those resulting from customer advances and deposits and unearned revenue on service contracts. 

   

 Research and development:  Research and development expenditures are expensed as incurred. Development activities generally relate to creating new products, improving or creating variations of existing products, or modifying existing products to meet new applications. 

   

 Advertising costs:  Advertising expenses were  $3.8  million  $4.5  million, and  $5.2  million for fiscal  2018,   2017,  and  2016  respectively. The Company expenses advertising expenses as incurred. 

    

 Income taxes:  The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to record the income tax effect of temporary differences between the tax basis and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. Tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return are recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely than  not  that the position would be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. A recognized tax position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than  fifty  percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 

   

 
 39 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 See Note  10  for additional information regarding income taxes. 

   

 Comprehensive income:  Comprehensive income includes charges and credits to shareholders' equity that are  not  the result of transactions with shareholders. Our total comprehensive income consists of net income, unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale marketable securities, and foreign currency translation adjustments. The items of comprehensive income, with the exception of net income, are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets and statements of shareholders' equity. 

   

 Cash and  cash  equivalents:  Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and highly-liquid investments with original maturities of  three  months or less. 

   

 Available-for-sale investments:  Available-for-sale investments consist of debt instruments with original maturities of generally  three  months to  six  months and equity securities. Available-for-sale investments are recorded based on trade-date. The Company considers all of its marketable securities available-for-sale and reports them at fair value.  Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are excluded from income, but are included, net of taxes, in other comprehensive income. If an "other-than-temporary" impairment is determined to exist, the difference between the value of the investment security recorded in the financial statements and the Company's current estimate of the fair value is recognized as a charge to earnings in the period in which the impairment is determined. 

   

 Trade accounts receivable:  Trade accounts receivable are initially recorded at the invoiced amount upon the sale of goods or services to customers, and they do  not  bear interest. They are stated net of allowances for doubtful accounts, which represent estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make the required payments. When determining the allowances for doubtful accounts, we take several factors into consideration, including the overall composition of accounts receivable aging, our prior history of accounts receivable write-offs, the type of customer and our day-to-day knowledge of specific customers. Changes in the allowances for doubtful accounts are included in selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expense in our consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income. The point at which uncollected accounts are written off varies by type of customer. 

   

 Inventories:  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost ( first -in,  first -out method) or net realizable value. The Company regularly reviews inventory on hand for slow-moving and obsolete inventory, inventory  not  meeting quality control standards and inventory subject to expiration. To meet strict customer quality standards, the Company has established a highly controlled manufacturing process for proteins, antibodies and its chemically-based products. These products require the initial manufacture of multiple batches to determine if quality standards can be consistently met. In addition, the Company will produce larger batches of established products than current sales requirements due to economies of scale. The manufacturing process for these products, therefore, has and will continue to produce quantities in excess of forecasted usage. The Company values its manufactured protein and antibody inventory based on a  two -year forecast and its chemically-based products on a  five -year forecast. Inventory quantities in excess of the forecast are  not  valued due to uncertainty over salability.  

   

 The company records a lower of cost or net realizable value adjustment to cost of sales for those quantities that are in excess of the manufactured protein and antibody  two -year forecast and the chemically-based products  five  year forecast. For the years ended   June 30, 2018,  2017,  and  2016  the amount recognized in net sales of inventory sold that was  not  valued is  not  material. 

   

 Property and equipment:  Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method over an estimated useful life of  five  years. Buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements are amortized over estimated useful lives of  5  to  40  years. 

   

 Intangibles assets:    Intangible assets are stated at historical cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization expense is generally determined on the straight-line basis over periods ranging from  1  year to  20  years. Each reporting period, we evaluate the remaining useful lives of our amortizable intangibles to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of amortization. If our estimate of an asset's remaining useful life is revised, the remaining carrying amount of the asset is amortized prospectively over the revised remaining useful life. In the current year, the Company has identified  no  such events. 

   

 
 40 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Impairment of long-lived assets and amortizable intangibles:  We evaluate the recoverability of property, plant, equipment and amortizable intangibles whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount   may  not  be recoverable. Such circumstances could include, but are  not  limited to, ( 1 ) a significant decrease in the market value of an asset, ( 2 ) a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used or in its physical condition, or ( 3 ) an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of an asset. We compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with it. If the sum of the expected future net cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset being evaluated, an impairment loss would be recognized. The impairment loss would be calculated as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. As quoted market prices are  not  available for the majority of our assets, the estimate of fair value is based on various valuation techniques, including the discounted value of estimated future cash flows. 

   

 The evaluation of asset impairment requires us to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment and actual results   may  differ from assumed and estimated amounts.  No  triggering events were identified and  no  impairments were recorded for property, plant, and equipment or amortizable intangibles were recorded during fiscal year  2018. 

   

 Impairment of goodwill:  We evaluate the carrying value of goodwill during the  fourth  quarter each year and between annual evaluations if events occur or circumstances change that would indicate a possible impairment. Such circumstances could include, but are  not  limited to, ( 1 ) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in business climate, ( 2 ) unanticipated competition, ( 3 ) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, or ( 4 ) an adverse change in market conditions that are indicative of a decline in the fair value of the assets. 

   

 To analyze goodwill for impairment, we must assign our goodwill to individual reporting units. Identification of reporting units includes an analysis of the components that comprise each of our operating segments, which considers, among other things, the manner in which we operate our business and the availability of discrete financial information. Components of an operating segment are aggregated to form  one  reporting unit if the components have similar economic characteristics. We periodically review our reporting units to ensure that they continue to reflect the manner in which we operate our business. 

   

 2018  and  2017  Goodwill Impairment Analyses 

   

 In completing our  2018  and  2017  annual goodwill impairment analyses, we elected to perform a quantitative assessment for all of our reporting units. A quantitative assessment involves comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to its estimated fair value. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of the reporting unit, which often requires the allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. In accordance with ASU  2017 - 04,  a goodwill impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. In determining the fair values of our reporting units, we utilized the income approach. The income approach is a valuation technique under which we estimated future cash flows using the reporting unit's financial forecast from the perspective of an unrelated market participant. Using historical trending and internal forecasting techniques, we projected revenue and applied our fixed and variable cost experience rates to the projected revenue to arrive at the future cash flows. A terminal value was then applied to the projected cash flow stream. Future estimated cash flows were discounted to their present value to calculate the estimated fair value. The discount rate used was the value-weighted average of our estimated cost of capital derived using both known and estimated customary market metrics. In determining the estimated fair value of a reporting unit, we were required to estimate a number of factors, including projected operating results, terminal growth rates, economic conditions, anticipated future cash flows, the discount rate and the allocation of shared or corporate items. 

   

 
 41 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Because our  2018  and  2017  quantitative analyses included all of our reporting units, the summation of our reporting units' fair values was compared to our consolidated fair value, as indicated by our market capitalization, to evaluate the reasonableness of our calculations. 

   

 The quantitative assessment completed as of   June 30, 2018  and  2017  indicated that all of the reporting units had a substantial amount of headroom. This impairment assessment is sensitive to changes in forecasted cash flows, as well as our selected discount rate. Changes in the reporting unit's results, forecast assumptions and estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of the reporting units. 

   

 2016  Goodwill Impairment Analysis  

   

 The Company used a qualitative test for all reporting units during the  fourth  quarter for fiscal year  2016 . The company elected to utilize a quantitative test for the Protein Platforms reporting unit for fiscal year  2016  using the previously described income approach given that this is a newer reporting unit created primarily through acquisitions. The qualitative analyses for our other reporting units completed during  2016  evaluated factors including, but  not  limited to, economic, market and industry conditions, cost factors and the overall financial performance of the reporting units. In completing these assessments, we noted  no  changes in events or circumstances which indicated that it was more likely than  not  that the fair value of any reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. Based on the testing performed for the Protein Platforms reporting unit, fair value exceeded carrying value by a substantial amount and  no  adjustment to the carrying value of goodwill was necessary. 

   

 There has been  no  impairment of goodwill since the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) ASC  350  guidance for goodwill and other intangibles on   July 1, 2002. 

   

 Investments in unconsolidated entities:   The Company periodically invests in the equity of start-up and early development stage companies. The accounting treatment of each investment (cost method or equity method) is dependent upon a number of factors, including, but  not  limited to, the Company's share in the equity of the investee and the Company's ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the investee. 

   

 Other Significant Accounting Policies  

   

 The following table includes a reference to additional significant accounting policies that are described in other notes to the financial statements, including the note number: 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Policy 
			 
			   
			 
			 Note 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Fair value measurements 
			 
			   
			   
			 4 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings per share 
			 
			   
			   
			 8 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Share-based compensation 
			 
			   
			   
			 9 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Reportable segments 
			 
			   
			   
			 11 
			   
		 

 

   

 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

   

   

 In   July 2015,  the FASB issued ASU  2015 - 11,   Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory . This provision would require inventory that was previously recorded using  first -in,  first -out (“FIFO”) to be recorded at lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. We adopted this standard on   July 1, 2017.  The application of this standard did  not  have significant impact on our financial statements. 

   

 In   March 2016,  the FASB issued ASU  2016 - 09,   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting . This standard includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. We adopted this standard on   July 1, 2017.  The Company expects its reported provision for income taxes to become more volatile, dependent upon market prices and volume of share-based compensation exercises and vesting of options. 

   

 
 42 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 In   March 2018,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2018 - 05,   Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)  No.   118 . The standard added to the FASB Codification the guidance provided by the SEC in   December 2017  regarding the accounting for the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"). We complied with SAB  No.   118  when preparing our annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended   June 30, 2018.  Reasonable estimates were used in determining several of the components of the impact of the Tax Act, including our fiscal  2018  deferred income tax activity and the amount of post- 1986  foreign deferred earnings subject to the repatriation transition tax. We are still analyzing certain aspects of the Tax Act and refining our calculations, which could potentially affect the measurement of our deferred tax balances and the amount of the repatriation toll charge liability, and ultimately cause us to revise our initial estimates in future periods. In addition, changes in interpretations, assumptions and guidance regarding the Tax Act, as well as the potential for technical corrections, could have a material impact on our effective tax rate in future periods. 

   

 In   May 2017,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2017 - 09,   Scope of Modification Accounting . The standard provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require modification accounting, which   may  result in a different fair value for the award. This ASU is effective for annual periods and interim periods for those annual periods beginning after   December 15, 2017,  which for us is   July 1, 2018.  The guidance is required to be applied prospectively to awards modified on or after the effective date. We elected to early adopt this guidance on   April 1, 2018  in advance of a modification that occurred during the  fourth  quarter. Adoption of this standard did  not  have significant impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

   

   

 Pronouncements Issued but  Not  Yet Adopted 

   

 In   May 2014,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2014 - 09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The standard provides revenue recognition guidance for any entity that enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of non-financial assets, unless those contracts are within the scope of other accounting standards. The standard also expands the required financial statement disclosures regarding revenue recognition. The new guidance is effective for us on   July 1, 2018.  In addition, in   March 2016,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2016 - 08,   Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net) , in   April 2016,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2016 - 10,   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing , and in   May 2016,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2016 - 12,   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients . These standards are intended to clarify aspects of ASU  No.   2014 - 09  and are effective for us upon adoption of ASU  No.   2014 - 09. 

   

 The Company’s approach to implementing the new standard includes performing a detailed review of key contracts representative of its different businesses and comparing historical accounting policies and practices to the new standard. The guidance permits  two  methods of adoption, retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method), or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method). We will adopt the standards using cumulative catch-up transition method. 

   

 A majority of the Company’s revenue arrangements are routine sales transactions, which generally consist of a single performance obligation to transfer promised goods or service. Therefore, the application of the new guidance including the cumulative effect of the change in the  first  quarter of fiscal year  2019  will  not  have a material impact to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. 

   

 In   January 2016,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2016 - 01,   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities . The standard is intended to improve the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. Among other changes, there will  no  longer be an available-for-sale classification for which changes in fair value are currently reported in other comprehensive income for equity securities with readily determinable fair values. This ASU is effective using the modified retrospective approach for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after   December 15, 2017,  which for us is   July 1, 2018.  This ASU could increase income statement volatility, as changes in the fair value of our equity investments will flow through earnings after adoption. 

   

 In   February 2016,  the FASB issued ASU  2016 - 02,   Leases (Topic  842 ), which amends the existing guidance to require lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities from operating leases on the balance sheet. This ASU is effective using the modified retrospective approach for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after   December 15, 2018,  which for us is   July 1, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted.  In   July 2018,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2018 - 10,   Codification Improvements to Topic  842,  Leases , which amends narrow aspects of the guidance in ASU  No.   2016 - 02.  We have established an implementation team to evaluate and identify the impact of the standard on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We are currently assessing our leasing arrangements and evaluating the impact of practical expedients. We are  not  able to quantify the impact of the standard at this time. 

   

 
 43 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 In   June 2016,  the FASB issued ASU  2016 - 13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic  326 ), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The amendments in this update replace the incurred loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses. This update is intended to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses. This ASU is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after   December 15, 2019,  which for us is   July 1, 2020.  Entities   may  early adopt beginning after   December 15, 2018.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU  2016 - 13  on our consolidated financial statements. 

   

 In   January 2017,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2017 - 01,   Clarifying the Definition of a Business . The standard revises the definition of a business, which affects many areas of accounting such as business combinations and disposals and goodwill impairment. The revised definition of a business will likely result in more acquisitions being accounted for as asset acquisitions, as opposed to business combinations. This ASU is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after   December 15, 2018,  which for us is   July 1, 2019  required to be applied prospectively to transactions occurring on or after the effective date. 

   

 In   February 2018,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2018 - 02,  Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income . The standard allows companies to make an election to reclassify from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained earnings the stranded tax effects resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of  2017.  This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after   December 15, 2018,  which for us is   July 1, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating this ASU and have  not  yet made a decision regarding our policy election or early adoption. 

   

   
 

   

 
 Note  2.  Acquisitions: 

   

 We periodically complete business combinations that align with our business strategy. Acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date and that the results of operations of each acquired business be included in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income from their respective dates of acquisitions. Acquisition costs are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses as incurred. 

   

 2018  Acquisitions 

   

 Trevigen 

   

 On   September 5, 2017  the Company acquired the stock of Trevigen Inc. for approximately  $10.6  million, net of cash received. The Company has had a long-standing business relationship with Trevigen as a distributor of its product line. The goodwill recorded as a result of the acquisition represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company’s product portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market penetration. The goodwill is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. The business became part of the Biotechnology reportable segment in the  first  quarter of fiscal  2018.  Purchase accounting was finalized during the  fourth  quarter. The preliminary and final fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Preliminary 

			 Allocation at  

			 Acquisition  

			 Date 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			   

			   

			 Adjustments to 

			 Fair Value 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Final  Opening 

			 Balance Sheet 

			 Allocation 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Current assets, net of cash 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1,662 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1,662 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Equipment and other long-term assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 154 
			   
			   
			   
			 (101 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 53 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangible assets: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Developed technology 
			 
			   
			   
			 3,800 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,300 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,100 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Trade name 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,400 
			   
			   
			   
			 (1,240 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 160 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Customer relationships 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,900 
			   
			   
			   
			 (1,640 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 260 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Goodwill 
			 
			   
			   
			 4,595 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,396 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,991 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total assets acquired 
			 
			   
			   
			 13,511 
			   
			   
			   
			 (285 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 13,226 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			 92 
			   
			   
			   
			 295 
			   
			   
			   
			 387 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred income taxes, net 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,785 
			   
			   
			   
			 (590 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,195 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net assets acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 10,634 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 10 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 10,644 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash paid, net of cash acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 10,634 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 10 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 10,644 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 
 44 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 As summarized in the table, there were adjustments totaling  $1.4  million to goodwill during the measurement period. These adjustments primarily relate to refinements made to acquired intangible asset cash flow models, and updates to opening balance sheet deferred tax assets and liabilities upon completion of the   December 31, 2017  income tax return. 

   

 Tangible assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, were recorded at fair value on the date of close based on management's assessment. The purchase price allocated to developed technology, trade names, and customer relationships was based on management's forecasted cash inflows and outflows and using a relief-from-royalty and a multi-period excess earnings method to calculate the fair value of assets purchased. The developed technology is being amortized with the expense reflected in cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. Amortization expense related to trade names, and customer relationships is reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The amortization periods for intangible assets acquired in fiscal  2018  are  13  years for developed technology,  11  years for customer relationships, and  1.5  years for trade names. The deferred income tax liability represents the net amount of the estimated future impact of adjustments for costs to be recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value and intangible asset amortization, both of which are  not  deductible for income tax purposes. 

   

   

 Atlanta Biologicals 

   

 On   January 2, 2018  the Company acquired the stock of Atlanta Biologicals, Inc. and its affiliated company, Scientific Ventures, Inc., for approximately  $51.3  million, net of cash acquired. The transaction was financed through available cash on hand and an additional draw from the Company’s line-of-credit. Atlanta Biologicals fetal bovine serum (FBS) product line strengthens and complements our current tissue culture reagents offering and furthers our efforts to provide more complete solutions to our research customers. The goodwill recorded as a result of the acquisition represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company’s product portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market penetration. The goodwill is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. The business became part of the Biotechnology reportable segment in the  third  quarter of fiscal  2018.  Purchase accounting was finalized during the  fourth  quarter. The preliminary and final fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Preliminary 

			 Allocation at  

			 Acquisition  

			 Date 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			   

			   

			 Adjustments to  

			 Fair Value 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Final  Opening 

			 Balance Sheet  

			 Allocation 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Current assets, net of cash 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 18,678 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 (2,956 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 15,722 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Equipment and other long-term assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 4,348 
			   
			   
			   
			 553 
			   
			   
			   
			 4,901 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangible assets: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Developed technology 
			 
			   
			   
			 9,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,700 
			   
			   
			   
			 23,000 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Trade name 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,300 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,300 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Customer relationships 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,500 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,400 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,600 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Goodwill 
			 
			   
			   
			 21,695 
			   
			   
			   
			 (11,500 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 10,195 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total assets acquired 
			 
			   
			   
			 56,221 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,497 
			   
			   
			   
			 59,718 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			 90 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 90 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred income taxes, net 
			 
			   
			   
			 4,845 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,509 
			 
			   
			 
			   
			   
			 8,354 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net assets acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 51,286 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 (12 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 51,274 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash paid, net of cash acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 51,286 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 (12 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 51,274 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 
 45 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 As summarized in the table, there were adjustments totaling  $11.5  million to goodwill during the measurement period. These adjustments primarily relate to refinements made to acquired intangible asset cash flow models, and the calculation of the fair value of acquired inventory. 

   

 Tangible assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, were recorded at fair value on the date of close based on management's assessment. The purchase price allocated to developed technology, trade names, and customer relationships was based on management's forecasted cash inflows and outflows and using a relief-from-royalty and a multi-period excess earnings method to calculate the fair value of assets purchased. The developed technology is being amortized with the expense reflected in cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. Amortization expense related to trade names, and customer relationships is reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The amortization periods for intangible assets acquired in fiscal  2018  are  13  years for developed technology,  12  years for customer relationships, and  15  years for trade names. The deferred income tax liability represents the net amount of the estimated future impact of adjustments for costs to be recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value and intangible asset amortization, both of which are  not  deductible for income tax purposes. 

   

 Eurocell Diagnostics 

   

 On   February 1, 2018, the Company  acquired Eurocell Diagnostics SAS a company based in Rennes, France for approximately  $7.3  million, net of cash acquired.  $6.0  million was paid on the acquisition date and the remaining  $1.3  million will be paid on   February 1, 2019.  The Company has had a long-standing business relationship with Eurocell as a distributor of its product line. Eurocell sells directly to the laboratory markets in the French region as well as servicing the EMEA markets via a network of distributors. The transaction was financed through cash on hand.  The primary asset in this acquisition is the customer relationships, however, the acquisition resulted in some goodwill as we expect strategic benefits of revenue growth from increased market penetration. The goodwill is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. The business became part of the Company’s Diagnostics reportable segment in the  third  quarter of fiscal  2018.  Purchase accounting was finalized during the  fourth  quarter.  The preliminary and final fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Preliminary 

			 Allocation at 

			 Acquisition  

			 Date 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			   

			   

			 Adjustments to 

			 Fair Value 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Final  Opening 

			 Balance Sheet 

			 Allocation 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Current assets, net of cash 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 512 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 512 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Equipment and other long-term assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 188 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 188 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangible assets: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Customer relationships 
			 
			   
			   
			 6,272 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 6,272 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Goodwill 
			 
			   
			   
			 113 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,797 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,910 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total assets acquired 
			 
			   
			   
			 7,085 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,797 
			   
			   
			   
			 9,882 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			 483 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 483 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred income taxes, net 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,070 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,070 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net assets acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 4,532 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2,797 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 7,329 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash paid, net of cash acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 3,136 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2,797 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 5,933 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Consideration payable 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1,396 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1,396 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 As summarized in the table, there were adjustments totaling  $2.8  million to goodwill during the measurement period. These adjustments primarily relate to the finalization of our opening balance sheet audit procedures and identification of acquired assets. 

   

 
 46 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Tangible assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, were recorded at fair value on the date of close based on management's assessment. The purchase price allocated to customer relationships was based on management's forecasted cash inflows and outflows using a multi-period excess earnings method to calculate the fair value of assets purchased. Amortization expense related customer relationships is reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The amortization period for customer relationships acquired in fiscal  2018  is  7  years. The deferred income tax liability represents the net amount of the estimated future impact of intangible asset amortization, which is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. 

   

 2017  Acquisitions 

   

 Advanced Cell Diagnostics (ACD) 

   

 On   August 1, 2016,  the Company acquired ACD for approximately  $258.0  million, net of cash acquired, plus contingent consideration of up to  $75.0  million as follows: 

   

 

		 
			 
			 ● 
			 
			 
			 $25.0  million if calendar year  2016  revenues equal or exceed  $30.0  million. 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			 
			 ● 
			 
			 
			 an additional  $50.0  million if calendar year  2017  revenues equal or exceed  $45.0  million. 
			 
		 

 

   

 The Company paid approximately  $247.0  million, net of cash acquired and the working capital adjustments, as of the acquisition date. The remaining  $11.0  million was paid to current employees who held ACD unvested stock as of the acquisition date. In order to receive payment for unvested shares, the individuals had to remain employees of ACD over an  18 -month vesting period which extended from the acquisition date through   March 31, 2018.  Any amounts that would have been owed to individuals who left the company during the vesting period was pooled together and distributed amongst the other former ACD shareholders at the end of the vesting period. Management determined that  $3.6  million of the  $11.0  million represented purchase price consideration paid for pre-acquisition services. However, the remaining  $7.4  million represented compensation expense as the amount the individual employees received was tied to future service. This liability recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets under the caption “Salaries, wages and related accruals” for the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2017. 

   

 During the  third  quarter of fiscal  2017,  management determined that the calendar year  2016  revenue milestone was met. During the  third  quarter of fiscal  2018,  management determined that the calendar year  2017  revenue milestone was met. Refer to Note  4  for discussion of this item as well as discussion of the changes to the fair value estimate for the calendar year revenue milestones as of   June 30, 2018  and  2017. 

   

 The goodwill recorded as a result of the ACD acquisition represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company's product portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market penetration from future products and customers. The goodwill is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. The business became part of the Company’s Biotechnology reportable segment in the  first  quarter of  2017. 

   

 As previously disclosed, ACD was acquired on   August 1, 2016.  The unaudited pro forma financial information below summarizes the combined results of operations for Bio-Techne and ACD as though the companies were combined as of the beginning fiscal  2016.  The pro forma financial information for all periods presented includes the purchase accounting effects resulting from these acquisitions except for the increase in inventory to fair value and the fair value adjustments to contingent consideration as these are  not  expected to have a continuing impact on cost of goods sold or selling, general and administrative expense, respectively. The pro forma financial information as presented below is for informational purposes only and is  not  indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place at the beginning of fiscal  2016.   

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 564,220 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 523,840 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net income 
			 
			   
			   
			 99,380 
			   
			   
			   
			 110,536 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 
 47 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Space Import-Export, Srl 

   

 On   July 1, 2016,  the Company acquired Space Import-Export, Srl (Space) of Milan, Italy for approximately  $9.0  million.  $6.7  million was paid on the acquisition date and the remaining  $2.3  million was paid during the  first  quarter of fiscal year  2018.  Space was a long-time distribution partner of the Company in the Italian market. The acquisition resulted in goodwill as we expect strategic benefits of revenue growth from increased market penetration. The goodwill is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. The business became part of the Company’s Biotechnology reportable segment in the  first  quarter of  2017. 

   

 2016  Acquisitions 

   

 Zephyrus Biosciences, Inc. 

   

 On   March 14, 2016,  the Company acquired Zephyrus Biosciences, Inc. (Zephyrus) for  $8.0  million in cash and up to  $7.0  million in contingent consideration. Zephyrus provides research tools to enable protein analysis at the single cell level. Addressing the burgeoning single cell analysis market, Zephyrus's  first  product, Milo™, enables western blotting on individual cells for the  first  time. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand. The purchase price of Zephyrus exceeded the preliminary estimated fair value of the identifiable net assets and, accordingly, the difference was allocated to goodwill, substantially all of which is  not  tax deductible. Zephryus is included in the Company's Protein Platforms segment. 

   

 In connection with the Zephyrus acquisition, the Company recorded  $7.4  million of in process research and development which is  not  amortized until it is converted to developed technology which occurs once a sale of its product is completed. In the  first  quarter of fiscal  2017,  the Company transferred the balance of in process research and development to developed technology and began amortizing the intangible asset after Zephyrus made its  first  sale. The intangible asset amortization for the developed technology is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. 

   

 The acquisition included contingent payments up to  $7.0  million.   $3.5  million paid if and when  10  instruments are sold prior to the  3 -year anniversary of the closing date (  March 14, 2019)  and an additional  $3.5  million if and when  $3.0  million in cumulative sales are generated within  4.5  years of the closing date (  September 14, 2020).  The Company made a  $3.5  million payment in the  third  quarter of fiscal  2017  after Zephyrus sold its  tenth  instrument and a  $3.5  million payment in the  fourth  quarter of fiscal  2018  after Zephyrus met the  $3.0  million revenue milestone. Refer to Note  4  for discussion of these payments as well as discussion of the changes to the fair value estimate for these milestones as of   June 30, 2018  and  2017. 

   

 The goodwill recorded as a result of the Zephyrus acquisition represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company's product portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market penetration from future products and customers. The goodwill is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. 

   

 Cliniqa Corporation 

   

 On   July 8, 2015,  the Company acquired Cliniqa Corporation (Cliniqa) for approximately  $82.9  million. Cliniqa specializes in the manufacturing and commercialization of blood chemistry quality controls and calibrators as well as bulk reagents used for the clinical diagnostic market to further expand and complement our Diagnostics solutions. The acquisition was funded with cash on hand and funds obtained from our revolving credit facility. The purchase price of Cliniqa exceeded the fair value of the identifiable net assets and, accordingly, the difference was allocated to goodwill. Cliniqa is included in the Company's Diagnostics segment. 

   

 The goodwill recorded as a result of the Cliniqa acquisition represents the strategic benefits of growing the Company's product portfolio and the expected revenue growth from increased market penetration from future products and customers. The goodwill is  not  deductible for income tax purposes. 

   

 
 48 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 The aggregate purchase price of the acquisitions was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as a result of the fiscal year  2017  and  2016  acquisitions (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 ACD 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Space 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Zephyrus 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Cliniqa 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Current assets, net of cash 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 15,824 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2,128 
			   
			   
			   
			 56 
			   
			   
			   
			 11,926 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Equipment 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,757 
			   
			   
			   
			 159 
			   
			   
			   
			 32 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,436 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other long-term assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 3,812 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 58 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangible Assets: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Developed technology 
			 
			   
			   
			 150,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 8,300 
			   
			   
			   
			 18,000 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Trade name 
			 
			   
			   
			 21,900 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,100 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Customer relationships 
			 
			   
			   
			 6,300 
			   
			   
			   
			 6,769 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 27,000 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Goodwill 
			 
			   
			   
			 143,967 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,517 
			   
			   
			   
			 8,686 
			   
			   
			   
			 42,669 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total assets acquired 
			 
			   
			   
			 344,560 
			   
			   
			   
			 12,573 
			   
			   
			   
			 17,074 
			   
			   
			   
			 102,189 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			 4,179 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,445 
			   
			   
			   
			 53 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,508 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred income taxes, net 
			 
			   
			   
			 52,743 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,125 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,521 
			   
			   
			   
			 17,793 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net assets acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 287,638 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 9,003 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 14,500 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 82,888 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cash paid, net of cash acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 247,038 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 6,747 
			   
			   
			   
			 8,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 82,888 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Consideration payable 
			 
			   
			   
			 3,600 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,256 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Contingent consideration payable 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,000 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 6,500 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net assets acquired 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 287,638 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 9,003 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 14,500 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 82,888 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 Tangible assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed, were stated at fair value at the date of acquisition based on management's assessment. The purchase price allocated to developed technology, trade names, non-compete agreements and customer relationships was based on management's forecasted cash inflows and outflows and using a relief-from-royalty and a multi-period excess earnings method to calculate the fair value of assets purchased. The developed technology is being amortized with the expense reflected in cost of goods sold in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. Amortization expense related to trade names, the non-compete agreement and customer relationships is reflected in selling, general and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. The deferred income tax liability represents the estimated future impact of adjustments for the cost to be recognized upon the sale of acquired inventory that was written up to fair value and intangible asset amortization, both of which are  not  deductible for income tax purposes, and the future tax benefit of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards which will be deductible by the Company in future periods. 

     
 

   

 
 Note  3.  Supplemental Balance Sheet and Cash Flow Information: 

   

 Available-For-Sale Investments: 

   

 The fair value of the Company's available-for-sale investments as of   June 30, 2018  and   June 30, 2017  were  $59.8  million and  $66.1  million, respectively. The decrease was caused by the sale of  $26.9  million of the Company’s investment in ChemoCentryx, Inc. (CCXI) in the  fourth  quarter of fiscal  2018  and the maturity of  $2.1  million in corporate bond securities held by Advanced Cell Diagnostics (ACD). This decrease was partially offset by year-over-year increases in the stock price of CCXI, from  $9.36  per share at   June 30, 2017  to  $13.17  per share at   June 30, 2018  resulting in a  $15.7  million increase in the fair value of the Company's investment in CCXI. The amortized cost basis of the Company's investment in CCXI as of   June 30, 2018  and  2017  was  $18.8  million and  $29.5  million, respectively. 

   

 The unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale investments for fiscal  2018  includes a  $35.4  million unrealized gain related to our investment in CCXI. As of   June 30, 2018,  the stock price of CCXI was  $13.17  per share compared to our cost basis of  $4.73  per share. 

   

 
 49 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Inventories: 

   

 Inventories consist of (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 8 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 7 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Raw materials 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 30,956 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 22,074 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Finished goods 
			 
			   
			   
			 54,692 
			   
			   
			   
			 38,077 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Inventories, net 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 85,648 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 60,151 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 Property and Equipment: 

   

 Property and equipment consist of (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cost: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Land 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 7,065 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 6,270 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Buildings and improvements 
			 
			   
			   
			 170,110 
			   
			   
			   
			 158,495 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Machinery, equipment and other 
			 
			   
			   
			 107,625 
			   
			   
			   
			 98,596 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Property and equipment 
			 
			   
			   
			 284,800 
			   
			   
			   
			 263,361 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
			 
			   
			   
			 (139,452 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (128,237 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Property and equipment, net 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 145,348 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 135,124 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 Intangibles assets were comprised of the following (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Useful Life 

			 (years) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 7 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Developed technology 
			 
			   
			  9 
			 - 
			 15 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 305,303 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 276,959 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Trade names 
			 
			   
			  2 
			 - 
			 20 
			   
			   
			   
			 89,608 
			   
			   
			   
			 87,092 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Customer relationships 
			 
			   
			  7 
			 - 
			 16 
			   
			   
			   
			 212,228 
			   
			   
			   
			 204,243 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Non-compete agreements 
			 
			   
			  3 
			 - 
			 5 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,264 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Patents 
			 
			   
			   
			 10 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 1,401 
			   
			   
			   
			 633 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangible assets 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 608,540 
			   
			   
			   
			 572,191 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Accumulated amortization 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (162,208 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (120,149 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangibles assets, net 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 446,332 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 452,042 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 Changes to the carrying amount of net intangible assets consist of (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Beginning balance 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 452,042 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 310,524 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisitions 
			 
			   
			   
			 40,673 
			   
			   
			   
			 185,869 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other additions 
			 
			   
			   
			 908 
			   
			   
			   
			 976 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Amortization expense 
			 
			   
			   
			 (47,076 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (44,393 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Currency translation 
			 
			   
			   
			 (215 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (934 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Ending balance 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 446,332 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 452,042 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 
 50 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Amortization expense related to technologies included in cost of sales was  $25.3  million  $23.1  million, and  $11.1  million in fiscal  2018,   2017,  and  2016,  respectively. Amortization expense related to trade names, customer relationships, non-compete agreements, and patents included in selling, general and administrative expense was  $21.6  million,  $21.3  million, and  $18.3  million, in fiscal  2018,   2017,  and  2016  respectively. 

   

 The estimated future amortization expense for intangible assets as of   June 30, 2018  is as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			 
			 2019 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 47,841 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2020 
			 
			   
			   
			 47,137 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2021 
			 
			   
			   
			 46,772 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2022 
			 
			   
			   
			 45,060 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2023 
			 
			   
			   
			 43,176 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Thereafter 
			 
			   
			   
			 216,346 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 446,332 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 Changes in goodwill by reportable segment and in total consist of (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Biotechnology 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Protein 

			 Platforms 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Total 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 June 30, 2016 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 108,723 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 218,889 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 103,270 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 430,882 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisitions (Note 2) 
			 
			   
			   
			 147,484 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 147,484 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Prior year acquisitions 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,809 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,809 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Currency translation 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,277 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 128 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 (1,149 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 June 30, 2017 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 254,930 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 220,826 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 103,270 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 579,026 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisitions (Note 2) 
			 
			   
			   
			 16,186 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,910 
			   
			   
			   
			 19,096 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Currency translation 
			 
			   
			   
			 759 
			   
			   
			   
			 (815 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (176 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (232 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 June 30, 2018 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 271,875 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 220,011 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 106,004 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 597,890 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 Other Assets: 

   

 Other assets consist of (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Investments 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 2,606 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 40,385 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,660 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,617 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other long-term assets 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 5,266 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 44,002 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 

 
 

   

 As of   June 30, 2018,  the Company had  $5.3  million of other assets compared to  $44.0  million as of   June 30, 2017.  The decrease was due to the impairment and sale of its investment in Astute Medical, Inc. (Astute) during fiscal  2018.   The Company held a  16.4%  ownership interest in Astute and accounted for the investment under the cost method. During the  third  quarter of fiscal  2018,  the Company learned that Astute intended to accept an offer to sell the company to a  third  party. As a result of this triggering event, the Company completed an impairment assessment and determined that a portion of its investment in Astute was other-than-temporarily impaired and adjusted the carrying value of its investment by  $16.2  million to other income (expense) in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income. During the  fourth  quarter of fiscal  2018,  the Company decreased its investment in Astute by another  $22.5  million after receiving cash payment upon the closing of the acquisition. As of   June 30, 2018,  the Company has a  $1.3  million remaining investment in Astute for the additional cash payment it expects to receive upon liquidation of the escrow account. 

   

 
 51 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Supplemental  C ash  F low  I nformation : 

   

 Supplemental cash flow information was as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Income taxes paid 
			 
			   
			 
			 $ 
			 
			 35,076 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 42,900 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 44,900 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Interest paid 
			 
			   
			 
			   
			 
			 9,844 
			   
			   
			   
			 7,452 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,661 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Non-cash activities: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisition-related liabilities  (1) 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,396 
			   
			   
			   
			 32,856 
			   
			   
			   
			 42,259 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 ( 1 )  Consists of holdback payments due at future dates and liabilities for contingent consideration. Further information regarding liabilities for contingent consideration can be found in Note  4. 

   
 

   

 
 Note  4.  Fair Value Measurements: 

   

 The Company’s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, available-for-sale investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable, contingent consideration obligations, and long-term debt. 

   

 Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants as of the measurement date. This standard also establishes a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value. This standard maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our assumptions about the factors market participants would use in valuing the asset or liability based upon the best information available in the circumstances. 

   

 The categorization of financial assets and liabilities within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The hierarchy is broken down into  three  levels. Level  1  inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level  2  inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are  not  active, and inputs (other than quoted prices) that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level  3  inputs are unobservable for the asset or liability and their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least  one  significant model assumption or input is unobservable. Level  3    may  also include certain investment securities for which there is limited market activity or a decrease in the observability of market pricing for the investments, such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. 

   

 The following tables provide information by level for financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Total carrying 

			 value a s of 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Fair Value Measurements Using 

			 Inputs Considered as 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Level 1 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Level 2 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Level 3 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Assets 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Equity securities  (1) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 54,286 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 54,286 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 Certificates of deposit  (1) 
			   
			   
			 5,478 
			   
			   
			   
			 5,478 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total Assets 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 59,764 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 59,764 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 Contingent Consideration 
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 

 
 

   

 
 52 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Total carrying 

			 value a s of 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Fair Value Measurements Using 

			 Inputs Considered as 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 201 7 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Level 1 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Level 2 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Level 3 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Assets 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Equity securities  (1) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 59,616 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 59,616 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 Certificates of deposit  (1) 
			   
			   
			 4,429 
			   
			   
			   
			 4,429 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Corporate bond securities  (1) 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,057 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,057 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total Assets 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 66,102 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 64,045 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2,057 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Contingent Consideration 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 68,400 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 68,400 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 

		 
			   
			 
			 ( 1 )   
			 
			 
			 Included in available-for-sale investments on the balance sheet 
			 
		 

 

   

 Our available for sale securities are measured at fair value using quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets and are therefore classified as Level  1  assets. We value our Level  2  assets using inputs that are based on market indices of similar assets within an active market. All of our Level  2  assets outstanding as of   June 30, 2017  had maturity dates of less than  one  year and were sold during fiscal  2018. 

   

 The use of different assumptions, applying different judgment to matters that inherently are subjective and changes in future market conditions could result in different estimates of fair value of our securities or contingent consideration, currently and in the future. If market conditions deteriorate, we   may  incur impairment charges for securities in our investment portfolio. We   may  also incur changes to our contingent consideration liability as discussed below. 

   

 In connection with the Advanced Cell Diagnostics (ACD) acquisition discussed in Note  2,  as well as with the Zephyrus and CyVek acquisitions which occurred in prior years, we were required to make contingent payments, subject to the entities achieving certain sales and revenue thresholds. The contingent consideration payments were up to  $35.0  million,  $7.0  million and  $75.0  million related to the CyVek, Zephyrus, and ACD acquisitions, respectively. The fair value of the liabilities for the contingent payments recognized upon each acquisition as part of the purchase accounting opening balance sheet totaled  $78.5  million ( $35.0  million for CyVek,  $6.5  million for Zephyrus, and  $37.0  million for ACD) and was estimated by discounting to present value the probability-weighted contingent payments expected to be made. Assumptions used in these calculations include units sold, expected revenue, discount rate and various probability factors. The ultimate settlement of contingent consideration could deviate from current estimates based on the actual results of these financial measures. This liability is considered to be a Level  3  financial liability that is re-measured each reporting period. The change in fair value of contingent consideration for these acquisitions is included in general and administrative expense. 

   

 In fiscal  2018,  the Company made  $88.5  million in cash payments towards the ACD, CyVek and Zephyrus contingent consideration liabilities after it determined certain sales and revenue thresholds were met. Of the  $88.5  million in total payments,  $61.9  million is classified as financing on the statement of cash flows. The remaining  $26.6  million is recorded as operating on the statement of cash flows as it represents the consideration liability that exceeds the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date. The Company has  no  remaining contingent consideration liabilities as of   June 30, 2018. 

   

 In fiscal  2017,  the Company made  $28.5  million ( $3.5  million for Zephyrus and  $25.0  million for ACD) in cash payments towards the ACD and Zephyrus contingent consideration liabilities after it determined that certain sales and revenue thresholds were met. Of the  $28.5  million in total payments,  $16.7  million is classified as financing on the statement of cash flows. The financing component represents the portion of the total liability that was recognized at the acquisition date. The remaining  $11.8  million is recorded within operating cash flows as it represents the consideration liability that exceed the amount of the contingent consideration liability recognized at the acquisition date.  

   

 
 53 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 The following table presents a reconciliation of the liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level  3 ) (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Fair value at the beginning of period 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 68,400 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 38,500 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Purchase price contingent consideration (Note 2) 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 40,000 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Payments 
			 
			   
			   
			 (88,500 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (28,500 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
			 
			   
			   
			 20,100 
			   
			   
			   
			 18,400 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Contingent consideration payable 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 - 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 68,400 
			   
		 

 
 

   

   

 Fair value measurements of other financial instruments  – The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. 

   

 Cash and cash equivalents, certificates of deposit, accounts receivable, and accounts payable – The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of these items. 

   

 Long-term debt – The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for the amount drawn on our line-of-credit facility approximates fair value because our interest rate is variable and reflects current market rates. 

   
 

   

 
 Note  5 . Debt and Other Financing Arrangements:   

   

 The Company entered into revolving line-of-credit facility governed by a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) on   July 28, 2016.  The Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility of  $400  million, which can be increased by an additional  $200  million subject to certain conditions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement   may  be used for working capital and expenditures of the Company and its subsidiaries, including financing permitted acquisitions. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement for base rate loans bear interest at a variable rate equal to the greater of (i) the prime commercial rate, (ii) the per annum federal funds rate plus  0.5%,  or (iii) LIBOR +  1.00%  -  1.75%  depending on the existing total leverage ratio of Debt to Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (as defined in the Credit Agreement). The annualized fee for any unused portion of the credit facility is currently  25  basis points. 

   

 The Credit Agreement would have matured on   July  28,   2021  and contains customary restrictive and financial covenants and customary events of default. As of   June  30,   2018,  the outstanding balance under the Credit Agreement was  $339.0  million. 

   

 In connection with the acquisition of Exosome Diagnostics, Inc. on   August 1, 2018,  the Company entered into a new credit facility that provides for a revolving credit facility of  $600  million, which can be increased by an additional  $200  million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of  $250  million.  The credit facility is governed by a Credit Agreement dated   August 1, 2018 and matures on August 1, 2023.  This facility replaced the revolving line-of-credit facility mentioned above and bears interest at a variable rate. 

    
 

   

 
 Note  6.  Commitments and Contingencies:  

   

 The Company leases office and warehouse space, vehicles and various office equipment under operating leases. At   June 30, 2018,  aggregate net minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable leases having an initial or remaining term of more than  one  year are payable as follows (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			 
			 2019 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 10,654 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2020 
			 
			   
			   
			 10,527 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2021 
			 
			   
			   
			 10,281 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2022 
			 
			   
			   
			 10,524 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2023 
			 
			   
			   
			 10,411 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Thereafter 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,900 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 90,297 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 
 54 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Total rent expense was approximately  $10.8  million,  $9.8  million, and  $8.1  million for the years ended   June 30, 2018,  2017,  and  2016,  respectively. 

   

 The Company is routinely subject to claims and involved in legal actions which are incidental to the business of the Company. Although it is difficult to predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, management believes that any ultimate liability will  not  materially affect the consolidated financial position or results of operations of the Company. 

   
 

   

 
 Note  7.  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:  

   

 Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, at   June 30   consists of (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Unrealized 

			 Gains (Losses) 

			 on Available- 

			 for-Sale  

			 Investments 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Foreign  

			 Currency 

			 Translation  

			 Adjustments 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Total 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 Balance June 30, 2015 
			   
			 $ 
			 14,382 
			   
			   
			   
			 (44,975 
			 ) 
			   
			 $ 
			 (30,593 
			 ) 
		 
		 
			 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
			   
			   
			 (19,924 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (19,888 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (39,812 
			 ) 
		 
		 
			 Balance June 30, 2016 
			   
			 $ 
			 (5,542 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (64,863 
			 ) 
			   
			 $ 
			 (70,405 
			 ) 
		 
		 
			 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
			   
			   
			 24,531 
			   
			   
			   
			 (3,061 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 21,470 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Balance June 30, 2017 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 18,989 
			   
			   
			   
			 (67,924 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (48,935 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
			 
			   
			   
			 18,108 
			   
			   
			   
			 (1,572 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 16,536 
			   
		 
		 
			 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to income 
			   
			   
			 (12,415 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 (12,415 
			 ) 
		 
		 
			 
			 Balance June 30, 2018 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 24,682 
			   
			   
			   
			 (69,496 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (44,814 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 

 
 

   

   
 

   

 
 Note  8.  Earnings Per Share: 

   

 The following table reflects the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year  Ended  June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings per share – basic: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net income 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 126,150 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 76,086 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 104,476 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Income allocated to participating securities 
			 
			   
			   
			 (108 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (65 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (52 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Income available to common shareholders 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 126,042 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 76,021 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 104,424 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Weighted-average shares outstanding – basic 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,476 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,313 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,194 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings per share – basic 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 3.36 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.04 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.81 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings per share – diluted: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net income 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 126,150 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 76,086 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 104,476 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Income allocated to participating securities 
			 
			   
			   
			 (108 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (65 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (52 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Income available to common shareholders 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 126,042 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 76,021 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 104,424 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Weighted-average shares outstanding – basic 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,476 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,313 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,194 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Dilutive effect of stock options and restricted stock units 
			 
			   
			   
			 579 
			   
			   
			   
			 187 
			   
			   
			   
			 132 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Weighted-average common shares outstanding – diluted 
			 
			   
			   
			 38,055 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,500 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,326 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings per share – diluted 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 3.31 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.03 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.80 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 
 55 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Basic net income per common share is calculated based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares of our stock result from dilutive common stock options and restricted stock units. We use the treasury stock method to calculate the weighted-average shares used in the diluted earnings per share computation. Under the treasury stock method, the proceeds from exercise of an option, the amount of compensation cost, if any, for future service that we have  not  yet recognized, and the amount of estimated tax benefits that would be recorded in paid-in capital, if any, when the option is exercised are assumed to be used to repurchase shares in the current period. 

   

 The dilutive effect of stock options in the above table excludes all options for which the aggregate exercise proceeds exceeded the average market price for the period. The number of potentially dilutive option shares excluded from the calculation was  0.9  million,  2.0  million, and  1.2  million for the fiscal years ended   June 30, 2018,  2017  and  2016,  respectively. 

   
 

   

 
 Note  9.  Share-based Compensation and Other Benefit Plans: 

   

 The cost of employee services received in exchange for the award of equity instruments is based on the fair value of the award at the date of grant. Compensation cost is recognized using a straight-line method over the vesting period and is net of estimated forfeitures. Stock option exercises and stock awards are satisfied through the issuance of new shares.  

   

 Equity incentive plan:  The Company's Second Amended and Restated  2010  Equity Incentive Plan (the Second A&R  2010  Plan) provides for the granting of incentive and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units and stock appreciation rights. There are  6.6  million shares of common stock authorized for grant under the Second A&R  2010  Plan. At   June 30, 2018,  there were  2.4  million shares of common stock available for grant under the Second A&R  2010  Plan. The maximum term of incentive options granted under the Second A&R  2010  Plan is  ten  years. The Second A&R  2010  Plan amended and restated the Company's Amended and Restate  2010  Equity Incentive Plan (the A&R  2010  Plan). The A&R  2010  Plan replaced the Company's  1998  Nonqualified Stock Option Plan (the  1998  Plan). The Second A&R  2010  Plan and the  1998  Plan (collectively, the Plans) are administered by the Board of Directors and its Executive Compensation Committee, which determine the persons who are to receive awards under the Plans, the number of shares subject to each award and the term and exercise price of each award. The number of shares of common stock subject to outstanding awards as of   June 30, 2018  under the Second A&R  2010  Plan and the  1998  Plan were  3.4  million and  35,000,  respectively.  On   April 26, 2018  the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved a modification to the Equity Incentive Plan.   The modification implements a new retirement policy that permits retirees to continue vesting in certain time-based stock options granted during employment, resulting in accelerated stock compensation expense for those employees meeting the definition of retirement eligible.  This modification resulted in an additional  $8.3  million of expense during fiscal year  2018  and affected all employees who participate in the plan. 

    

 The fair values of options granted under the Plans were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions used: 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Dividend yield 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.1% 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 1.2% 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 1.2% 
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Expected volatility 
			 
			   
			  20% 
			 - 
			 21% 
			   
			   
			  21% 
			 - 
			 24% 
			   
			   
			  20% 
			 - 
			 23% 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Risk-free interest rates 
			 
			   
			  1.7% 
			 - 
			 2.8% 
			   
			   
			  1.0% 
			 - 
			 1.9% 
			   
			   
			  1.2% 
			 - 
			 1.9% 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Expected lives (years) 
			 
			   
			   
			 4.7 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 4.7 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 4.8 
			   
			   
		 

 
 

   

 The dividend yield is based on the Company's historical annual cash dividend divided by the market value of the Company's common stock. The expected annualized volatility is based on the Company's historical stock price over a period equivalent to the expected life of the option granted. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rates with a term consistent with the expected life of the options granted. 

   

 
 56 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Stock option activity under the Plans for the  three  years ended   June 30, 2018,  consists of the following (shares in thousands):  

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Number of  

			 Shares (in 

			 thousands) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Weighted 
			Average 
			Exercise 
			Price 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Aggregate 
			Intrinsic 
			Value 

			 (millions) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Weighted 

			 Average 

			 Contractual 

			 Life (years) 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Outstanding at June 30, 2015 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,137 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 81.57 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 805 
			   
			   
			   
			 105.16 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 (54 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 99.68 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Exercised 
			 
			   
			   
			 (69 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 69.82 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Outstanding at June 30, 2016 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,819 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 91.91 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,135 
			   
			   
			   
			 107.42 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 (70 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 99.11 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Exercised 
			 
			   
			   
			 (63 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 71.81 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Outstanding at June 30, 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,821 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 98.42 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,087 
			   
			   
			   
			 120.67 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 (252 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 86.62 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Exercised 
			 
			   
			   
			 (204 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 111.51 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Outstanding at June 30, 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 3,452 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 105.17 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 144.7 
			   
			   
			   
			 4.8 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Exercisable at June 30, 2016: 
			 
			   
			   
			 596 
			   
			   
			   
			 75.74 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Exercisable at June 30, 2017: 
			 
			   
			   
			 843 
			   
			   
			   
			 82.93 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Exercisable at June 30, 2018: 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,151 
			   
			   
			   
			 90.75 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 65.8 
			   
			   
			   
			 3.8 
			   
		 

 
 

    

 The weighted average fair value of options granted during fiscal  2018,   2017  and  2016  was  $22.07,   $18.21,  and  $18.50  respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal  2018,   2017  and  2016  were  $10.6  million,  $2.3  million, and  $2.4  million respectively. The total fair value of options vested during fiscal  2018,   2017  and  2016  were  $8.8  million,  $5.0  million, and  $2.0  million respectively. 

   

 Restricted common stock activity under the Plans for the  three  years ended   June 30, 2018,  consists of the following (units in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Number of  

			 Shares (in  

			 thousands) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Weighted  

			 Average Grant 

			 Date Fair  

			 Value 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Weighted 

			 Average 

			 R emaining 

			 Contractual 

			 Term 

			 (years) 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Unvested at June 30, 2015 
			 
			   
			   
			 19 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 83.94 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 20 
			   
			   
			   
			 99.53 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Vested 
			 
			   
			   
			 (16 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 83.58 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Unvested at June 30, 2016 
			 
			   
			   
			 23 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 98.03 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 24 
			   
			   
			   
			 104.94 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Vested 
			 
			   
			   
			 (15 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 92.62 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Unvested at June 30, 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 32 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 105.80 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 20 
			   
			   
			   
			 125.05 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Vested 
			 
			   
			   
			 (17 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 104.66 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Unvested at June 30, 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 35 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 117.39 
			   
			   
			   
			 6.2 
			   
		 

 
 

   

   

 The total fair value of restricted shares that vested was  $1.7  million for fiscal  2018,   $1.4  million for fiscal  2017  and  $1.4  million for fiscal  2016. 

   

 
 57 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Restricted stock unit activity under the Plans for the  three  years ended   June 30, 2018,  consists of the following (units in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Number of  

			 Units 

			 (in thousands) 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Weighted  

			 Average Grant 

			 Date Fair  

			 Value 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Weighted   

			 Average 

			 R emaining 

			 Contractual 

			 Term 

			 (years) 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Outstanding at June 30, 2015 
			 
			   
			   
			 29 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 93.51 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 35 
			   
			   
			   
			 105.01 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Vested 
			 
			   
			   
			 (5 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 92.15 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Outstanding at June 30, 2016 
			 
			   
			   
			 59 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 100.40 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 65 
			   
			   
			   
			 109.36 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Vested 
			 
			   
			   
			 (9 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 92.94 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 (4 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 98.04 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Outstanding at June 30, 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 111 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 106.39 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Granted 
			 
			   
			   
			 71 
			   
			   
			   
			 129.99 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Vested 
			 
			   
			   
			 (16 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 95.46 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Forfeited 
			 
			   
			   
			 (18 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 115.01 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Outstanding at June 30, 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 148 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 117.95 
			   
			   
			   
			 5.5 
			   
		 

 
 

   

   

 The total fair value of restricted stock units that vested was  $1.6  million for fiscal  2018,   $0.9  million for fiscal  2017  and  $0.5  million for fiscal  2016.  The restricted stock units vest over a  three -year period. 

   

 Stock-based compensation cost of  $28.2  million,  $14.6  million, and  $9.4  million was included in selling, general and administrative expense in fiscal  2018,   2017  and  2016,  respectively. The income tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation costs was  $0.5  million and  $0.6  million in fiscal  2017,  and  2016,  respectively. As of   June 30, 2018,  there was  $26.7  million of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, non-vested restricted stock units and non-vested restricted stock which will be expensed in fiscal  2019  through  2022  using a  3%  forfeiture rate. The weighted average period over which the compensation cost is expected to be recognized is  2.1  years. 

   

 Employee stock purchase plan:  In fiscal year  2015,  the Company established the Bio-Techne Corporation  2014  Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP), which was approved by the Company's shareholders on   October 30, 2014,  and which is designed to comply with IRS provisions governing employee stock purchase plans.  200,000  shares were allocated to the ESPP. The Company recorded expense of  $281,000,   $213,000  and  $144,000  expense for the ESPP in fiscal  2018,   2017  and  2016,  respectively. 

   

 Profit sharing and savings plans:   The Company has profit sharing and savings plans for its U.S. employees, which conform to IRS provisions for  401 (k) plans. The Company makes matching contributions to the Plan. The Company has recorded an expense for contributions to the plans of  $2.5  million,  $2.2  million, and  $1.2  million for the years ended   June 30, 2018,  2017,  and  2016,  respectively. The Company operates defined contribution pension plans for its U.K. employees. The Company has recorded an expense for contributions to the plans of  $1.4  million,  $0.8,  and  $0.8  million for the years ended   June 30, 2018,  2017  and  2016,  respectively. 

   

 Performance incentive programs:   In fiscal  2018,  under certain employment agreements and a Management Incentive Plan available to executive officers and certain management personnel, the Company recorded cash bonuses of  $7.2  million, granted options for  553,750  shares of common stock, issued  14,194  restricted common shares and  35,174  restricted stock units. In fiscal  2017  and fiscal  2016,  the Company recorded cash bonuses of  $4.7  million and  $4.2  million, granted options for  896,778  and  620,917  shares of common stock, and issued  16,653  and  11,522  restricted common stock shares and  39,931  and  26,583  restricted stock, respectively. 

    

 
 58 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   
 

   

 
 Note  10.  Income Taxes: 

   

 Income before income taxes was comprised of the following (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Domestic 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 81,557 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 81,721 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 120,154 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Foreign 
			 
			   
			   
			 44,395 
			   
			   
			   
			 30,240 
			   
			   
			   
			 27,327 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Income before income taxes 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 125,952 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 111,961 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 147,481 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 The provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Taxes on income consist of: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Currently tax provision: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Federal 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 28,416 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 28,462 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 34,805 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 State 
			 
			   
			   
			 5,315 
			   
			   
			   
			 4,051 
			   
			   
			   
			 2,958 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Foreign 
			 
			   
			   
			 11,983 
			   
			   
			   
			 8,212 
			   
			   
			   
			 7,579 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total current tax provision 
			 
			   
			   
			 45,714 
			   
			   
			   
			 40,725 
			   
			   
			   
			 45,342 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred tax provision: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Federal 
			 
			   
			   
			 (40,378 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (901 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 1,906 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 State 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,381 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (968 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (428 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Foreign 
			 
			   
			   
			 (4,154 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (2,981 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,815 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Total deferred tax provision 
			 
			   
			   
			 (45,912 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (4,850 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2,337 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Total income tax provision 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (198 
			 ) 
			   
			 $ 
			 35,875 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 43,005 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 

 
 

   

   

 On   December 22, 2017,  the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”). The Tax Act makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code which impacted our fiscal year ended   June 30, 2018.  These impacts include, but are  not  limited to, ( 1 ) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate, ( 2 ) requiring a  one -time transition tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries that   may  electively be paid over  eight  years, and ( 3 ) accelerated  first  year expensing of certain capital expenditures. The Tax Act reduced the federal corporate tax rate from  35%  to  21%  effective   January 1, 2018.  Internal Revenue Code Section  15  provides that for our fiscal year ended   June 30, 2018  we calculate a blended corporate tax rate of  28.1%,  which is based on a proration of the applicable tax rates before and after effective date of the Tax Act. The statutory tax rate of  21%  will apply for fiscal  2019  and beyond. 

   

 The Tax Act also puts in place new tax laws that will impact our taxable income beginning in fiscal  2019,  which include, but are  not  limited to ( 1 ) creating a Base Erosion Anti-abuse Tax (BEAT), which is a new minimum tax, ( 2 ) generally eliminating U.S. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries, ( 3 ) a new provision designed to tax currently global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI), ( 4 ) a provision that could limit the amount of deductible interest expense, ( 5 ) the repeal of the domestic production activity deduction, ( 6 ) additional limitations on the deductibility of certain executive compensation, and ( 7 ) limitations on the utilization of foreign tax credits to reduce the U.S. income tax liability. 

   

 Shortly after the Tax Act was enacted, the SEC staff issued Staff Accounting Bulletin  No.   118,  Income Tax Accounting Implications of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (SAB  118 ) which provides guidance on accounting for the Tax Act’s impact. SAB  118  provides a measurement period, which in  no  case should extend beyond  one  year from the Tax Act enactment date, during which a company acting in good faith   may  complete the accounting for the impacts of the Tax Act under ASC Topic  740.  In accordance with SAB  118,  the Company must reflect the income tax effects of the Tax Act in the reporting period in which the accounting under ASC Topic  740  is complete.  In March  2018,  the FASB issued ASU  No.   2018 - 05,   Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)  No.   118 . which added FASB Codification the guidance provided by the SEC in   December 2017.   

   

 
 59 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 To the extent that a company’s accounting for certain income tax effects of the Tax Act is incomplete, the Company can determine a reasonable estimate for those effects and record a provisional estimate in the financial statements in the  first  reporting period in which a reasonable estimate can be determined. If a Company cannot determine a provisional estimate to be included in the financial statements, the Company should continue to apply ASC  740  based on the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately prior to the Tax Act being enacted. If a Company is unable to provide a reasonable estimate of the impacts of the Tax Act in a reporting period, a provisional amount must be recorded in the  first  reporting period in which a reasonable estimate can be determined. 

   

 We complied with SAB  No.   118  when preparing our annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended   June 30, 2018.  Reasonable estimates were used in determining several of the components of the impact of the Tax Act, including our fiscal  2018  deferred income tax activity and the amount of post- 1986  foreign deferred earnings subject to the repatriation transition tax. We are still analyzing certain aspects of the Tax Act including state tax implications and refining our calculations, which could potentially affect the measurement of our deferred tax balances and the amount of the repatriation toll charge liability, and ultimately cause us to revise our initial estimates in future periods. In addition, changes in interpretations, assumptions and guidance regarding the Tax Act, as well as the potential for technical corrections, could have a material impact on our effective tax rate in future periods. 

   

 Transition Tax: The transition tax is a tax on the previously untaxed accumulated and current earnings and profits (E&P) of certain of our foreign subsidiaries as of   December 22, 2017.  In order to determine the amount of the Transition Tax, we must determine, in addition to other factors, the amount of post- 1986  E&P of the relevant subsidiaries, as well as the amount of non-U.S. income taxes paid on such earnings. E&P is similar to retained earnings of the subsidiary but requires other adjustments to conform to U.S. tax rules. We are able to make a reasonable estimate of the transition tax and recorded a provisional transition tax obligation of  $3.3  million which the Company expects to elect to pay, net of certain tax credit carryforwards, over  eight  years beginning in fiscal year  2019.  Of this liability,  $0.3  million is recorded as a current liability with the remaining  $3.0  million classified as a long-term liability within our   June 30, 2018  balance sheet. We are in the process of analyzing if proposed regulations REG- 104226 - 18  issued on   August 9, 2018  will have any impact to our current estimate of our transition tax liability. In addition, we have considered state income tax implications and concluded at this time that the impact is immaterial. However, we continue to monitor for additional interpretative guidance including information regarding state income tax implications. 

    

 The following is a reconciliation of the federal tax calculated at the statutory rate of  28.1%  to the actual income taxes provided (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Income tax expense at federal statutory rate 
			 
			   
			   
			 28.1 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 35.0 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 35.0 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 State income taxes, net of federal benefit 
			 
			   
			   
			 2.5 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.9 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.3 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Qualified production activity deduction 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2.4 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3.4 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2.7 
			 
			 )% 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Research and development tax credit 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1.4 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1.4 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1.1 
			 
			 )% 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Contingent consideration adjustment 
			 
			   
			   
			 3.3 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 4.1 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Foreign tax rate differences 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3.5 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 (4.6 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3.1 
			 
			 )% 
			 
		 
		 
			 Option exercises 
			   
			   
			 (1.8) 
			 % 
			   
			   
			 - 
			 % 
			   
			   
			 - 
			 % 
		 
		 
			 
			 Domestic tax legislation changes 
			 
			   
			   
			 (26.2 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Other, net 
			 
			   
			   
			 1.2 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 0.4 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 (0.2 
			 
			 )% 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Effective tax rate 
			 
			   
			   
			 (0.2 
			 
			 )% 
			 
			   
			   
			 32.0 
			 
			 % 
			 
			   
			   
			 29.2 
			 
			 % 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 

 
 

    

   

 The effective tax rate for the year ended   June 30, 2018  decreased by  32.2%  compared to the prior year. The decrease in the Company’s tax rate for fiscal  2018  was due to the impact of discrete items, primarily the net tax benefit of  $33.0  million related to the Tax Act discussed above. This net tax benefit consisted of  $36.5  million due to the re-measurement of the Company’s deferred tax accounts to reflect the U.S. federal corporate tax rate reduction impact to our net deferred tax balances offset by expense for the federal transition tax of  $3.3  million. Also impacting the Company’s fiscal  2018  effective tax rate was a  $2.2  million tax benefit related to stock option exercises offset by a net discrete tax expense of  $4.2  million related to the revaluation of contingent consideration, which is  not  a tax deductible expense. 

   

 
 60 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 The effective tax rate for the year ended   June 30, 2017  increased by  2.8%  compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to unfavorable discrete events in fiscal  2017  related to the revaluation of contingent consideration which is  not  a tax deductible expense. The Company recognized net expense related to discrete tax items of  $3.8  million in fiscal  2017,  including  $4.5  million in expense related to the revaluation of contingent consideration which is  not  a tax deductible expense. 

   

 Deferred taxes on the Consolidated Balance Sheets consisted of the following temporary differences (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 June 30 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Inventory 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 5,873 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 9,415 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net operating loss carryovers 
			 
			   
			   
			 15,938 
			   
			   
			   
			 24,617 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Tax credit carryovers 
			 
			   
			   
			 7,029 
			   
			   
			   
			 6,386 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Excess tax basis in equity investments 
			 
			   
			   
			 2,813 
			   
			   
			   
			 4,381 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred compensation 
			 
			   
			   
			 7,806 
			   
			   
			   
			 9,052 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Other 
			 
			   
			   
			 3,864 
			   
			   
			   
			 9,937 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Valuation allowance 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2,978 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,341 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred tax assets 
			 
			   
			   
			 40,345 
			   
			   
			   
			 60,447 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net unrealized gain on available-for-sale investments 
			 
			   
			   
			 (8,384 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (11,153 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Intangible asset amortization 
			 
			   
			   
			 (111,247 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (162,460 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Depreciation 
			 
			   
			   
			 (6,349 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (5,628 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Other 
			 
			   
			   
			 (658 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (1,802 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Deferred tax liabilities 
			 
			   
			   
			 (126,638 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (181,043 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Net deferred tax liabilities 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (86,293 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 (120,596 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 

 
 

   

 A deferred tax valuation allowance is required when it is more likely than  not  that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will  not  be realized. The valuation allowance as of   June 30, 2018  was  $3.0  million, a decrease of  $0.3  million from the prior year. The decrease was driven by a decrease in the valuation allowance for the Company’s net operating loss and credit carryforwards. 

   

 As of   June 30, 2018,  the  $3.0  million valuation allowance relates to certain foreign and state tax net operating loss and state credit carryforwards that existed at the date the Company acquired ACD, Novus, ProteinSimple and CyVek as well as immaterial amounts generated after the acquisitions. The Company believes it is more likely than  not  that these tax carryovers will  not  be realized. 

   

 As of   June 30, 2018,  the Company has federal operating loss carryforwards of approximately  $38.4  million and state operating loss carryforwards of  $72.8  million from its acquisitions of ACD, ProteinSimple and CyVek, which are  not  limited under IRC Section  382.  As of   June 30, 2018,  the Company has foreign net operating loss carryforwards of  $3.2  million. The net operating loss carryforwards expire between fiscal  2019  and  2035.  The Company has a deferred tax asset of  $14.0  million, net of the valuation allowance discussed above, related to the net operating loss carryovers. As of   June 30, 2018,  the Company has federal and state tax credit carryforwards of  $3.5  million and  $4.4  million, respectively. The federal tax credit carryforwards expire between  2019  and  2035.  The majority of the state credit carryforwards have  no  expiry date. The Company has a deferred tax asset of  $6.0  million, net of the valuation allowance discussed above, related to the tax credit carryovers. 

   

 The Company has  not  recognized a deferred tax liability for unremitted foreign earnings of approximately  $124.6  million from its foreign operations because its subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely. The transition tax noted above results in the previously untaxed foreign earnings being included in the federal and state fiscal  2018  taxable income. We are currently analyzing our global working capital requirements and the potential tax liabilities that would be incurred if the non-U.S. subsidiaries distribute cash to the U.S. parent, which include local country withholding tax and potential U.S. state taxation.  At this time, and until we fully analyze the applicable provisions of the Tax Act, our intention with respect to unremitted foreign earnings is to continue to indefinitely reinvest outside the U.S. those earnings needed for working capital or additional foreign investment.    Therefore, it is  not  practical to estimate the amount of the deferred income tax liabilities related to investments in these foreign subsidiaries. 

   

 
 61 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 The following is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Beginning balance 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1,747 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1,480 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1,688 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Additions due to acquisitions 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 628 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Additions for tax positions of current year 
			 
			   
			   
			 35 
			   
			   
			   
			 13 
			   
			   
			   
			 36 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Closure of tax years 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			 (374 
			 ) 
			   
			   
			 (244 
			 ) 
		 
		 
			 
			 Tax Reform 
			 
			   
			   
			 165 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Ending balance 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 1,947 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1,747 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1,480 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 

 
 

   

 The Company does  not  believe it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase in the next  twelve  months. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S federal and certain state tax jurisdictions, and several jurisdictions outside the U.S. The Company's federal returns are subject to tax assessment for  2015  and subsequent years. State and foreign income tax returns are generally subject to examination for a period of  three  to  five  years after filing of the respective return. The state impact of any federal changes remains subject to examination by various states for a period of up to  one  year after formal notification to the states. 

   
 


   

 
 Note  11.  Segment Information: 

   

 The Company has  three  reportable segments based on the nature of its products; they are Biotechnology, Protein Platforms and Diagnostics. 

   

 The Company's Biotechnology segment is comprised of the legacy biotechnology business and ACD. These businesses manufacture consumables used for conducting laboratory experiments by both industry and academic scientists within the biotechnology and biomedical life science fields Our protein, antibodies, immunoassays, and small molecules products in the legacy biotechnology business are tools to help our customers analyze the protein component of cells, and the ACD technology allows our customers to analyze the genetic changes within cells. When used together, our customers have a more complete set of tools to study normal and abnormal cell behavior.  No  customer in the Biotechnology segment accounted for more than  10%  of the segment’s net sales for the years ended   June 30, 2018,  2017,  and  2016. 

   

 The Company's Protein Platforms segment develops and commercializes proprietary systems and consumables for protein analysis.  No  customer in the Protein Platforms segment accounted for more than  10%  of the segment’s net sales for the years ended   June 30, 2018,  2017,  and  2016. 

   

 The Company's Diagnostics reporting segment develops and manufactures a range of controls and calibrators used with diagnostic equipment and as proficiency testing tools, as well as other reagents incorporated into diagnostic kits. One customer accounted for approximately  12%  for the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2017.  No  customer in the Diagnostics segment accounted for more than  10%  of the segment’s net sales for the fiscal years ended   June 30, 2018  and  2016.   

   

 There are  no  concentrations of business transacted with a particular customer or supplier or concentrations of revenue from a particular product or geographic area that would severely impact the Company in the near term. 

    

 
 62 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Following is financial information relating to the operating segments (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 8 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 7 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 201 6 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net sales: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Biotechnology 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 421,536 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 364,504 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 317,340 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Protein Platforms 
			 
			   
			   
			 111,885 
			   
			   
			   
			 91,464 
			   
			   
			   
			 77,324 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			   
			 110,108 
			   
			   
			   
			 107,139 
			   
			   
			   
			 104,484 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Intersegment 
			 
			   
			   
			 (536 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (104 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (125 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Consolidated net sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 642,993 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 563,003 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 499,023 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Operating Income: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Biotechnology 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 199,100 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 175,163 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 168,613 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Protein Platforms 
			 
			   
			   
			 17,996 
			   
			   
			   
			 9,648 
			   
			   
			   
			 3,592 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diagnostics 
			 
			   
			   
			 28,280 
			   
			   
			   
			 28,575 
			   
			   
			   
			 30,412 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Segment operating income 
			 
			   
			   
			 245,376 
			   
			   
			   
			 213,386 
			   
			   
			   
			 202,617 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Costs recognized upon sale of acquired inventory 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2,455 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (3,037 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (5,431 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Amortization of intangibles 
			 
			   
			   
			 (46,983 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (44,393 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (29,395 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Acquisition related expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 (24,429 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (25,789 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (2,761 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Restructuring costs 
			 
			   
			   
			 (376 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
			   
			   
			 - 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Stock-based compensation 
			 
			   
			   
			 (28,240 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (14,631 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (9,430 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Corporate general, selling and administrative expenses 
			 
			   
			   
			 (6,715 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (4,952 
			 
			 ) 
			 
			   
			   
			 (5,007 
			 
			 ) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Consolidated operating income 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 136,178 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 120,584 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 150,593 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 The Company has some integrated facilities that serve multiple segments. As such, asset and capital expenditure information by reportable segment has  not  been provided and is  not  available, since the Company does  not  produce or utilize such information internally. In addition, although depreciation and amortization expense is a component of each reportable segment’s operating results, it is  not  discretely identifiable. 

   

 The revenues from external customers within each of our segments represent a similar group of products. 

   

 Following is financial information relating to geographic areas (in thousands): 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year Ended June 30, 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 2016 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net sales: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 United States 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 346,293 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 313,195 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 275,859 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 EMEA, excluding U.K. 
			 
			   
			   
			 148,599 
			   
			   
			   
			 125,126 
			   
			   
			   
			 103,060 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 U.K. 
			 
			   
			   
			 33,704 
			   
			   
			   
			 28,401 
			   
			   
			   
			 28,307 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 APAC, excluding Greater China 
			 
			   
			   
			 48,392 
			   
			   
			   
			 41,463 
			   
			   
			   
			 38,137 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Greater China 
			 
			   
			   
			 47,950 
			   
			   
			   
			 39,078 
			   
			   
			   
			 36,199 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Rest of world 
			 
			   
			   
			 18,055 
			   
			   
			   
			 15,740 
			   
			   
			   
			 17,461 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Total external sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 642,993 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 563,003 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 499,023 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 

 
 

   

 External sales are attributed to countries based on the location of the customer or distributor. 

   

 
 

		 
			   
			   
			   
			 Year ended   June 30, 
			   
		 
		 
			 Long-lived assets: 
			   
			   
			 2018 
			   
			   
			   
			 2017 
			   
		 
		 
			 United States and Canada 
			   
			 $ 
			 129,360 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 119,859 
			   
		 
		 
			 Europe 
			   
			   
			 14,597 
			   
			   
			   
			 14,100 
			   
		 
		 
			 China 
			   
			   
			 1,391 
			   
			   
			   
			 1,165 
			   
		 
		 
			 Total long-lived assets 
			   
			 $ 
			 145,348 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 135,124 
			   
		 
		 
			 Intangible assets: 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 United States and Canada 
			   
			 $ 
			 417,430 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 424,579 
			   
		 
		 
			 Europe 
			   
			   
			 21,386 
			   
			   
			   
			 18,710 
			   
		 
		 
			 China 
			   
			   
			 7,516 
			   
			   
			   
			 8,753 
			   
		 
		 
			 Total intangible assets 
			   
			 $ 
			 446,332 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 452,042 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 Long-lived assets are comprised of land, buildings and improvements and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and other assets. 

   

 
 63 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   
 
   

 
 Note  12.  Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited): 

   

 
 

		 
			 
			 (in thousands, except per share data) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2018 
			 
			   
			 
			 First 

			 Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Second 

			 Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Third 

			 Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Fourth 

			 Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 144,613 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 154,153 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 163,973 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 180,254 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 642,993 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cost of sales 
			 
			   
			   
			 46,745 
			   
			   
			   
			 52,319 
			   
			   
			   
			 53,712 
			   
			   
			   
			 58,074 
			   
			   
			   
			 210,850 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings (1) 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 15,863 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 48,847 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 19,738 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 41,701 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 126,150 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings per common share: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Basic 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 0.42 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.30 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.53 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.11 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 3.36 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diluted 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 0.42 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.29 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.52 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 1.08 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 3.31 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Basic 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,376 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,449 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,503 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,585 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,476 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diluted 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,705 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,926 
			   
			   
			   
			 38,142 
			   
			   
			   
			 38,347 
			   
			   
			   
			 38,055 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 
 

		 
			 
			 (in thousands, except per share data) 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 2017 
			 
			   
			 
			 First 

			 Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Second 

			 Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Third 

			 Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Fourth 

			 Quarter 
			 
			   
			   
			 
			 Year 
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net sales 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 130,581 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 131,807 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 144,037 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 156,578 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 563,003 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Cost of sales 
			 
			   
			   
			 43,236 
			   
			   
			   
			 43,664 
			   
			   
			   
			 47,355 
			   
			   
			   
			 54,207 
			   
			   
			   
			 188,462 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Net earnings 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 18,843 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 7,467 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 22,167 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 27,609 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 76,086 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Earnings per common share: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Basic 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 0.51 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.20 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.59 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.74 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.04 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diluted 
			 
			   
			 $ 
			 0.50 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.20 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.59 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 0.74 
			   
			   
			 $ 
			 2.03 
			   
		 
		 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Weighted average common shares outstanding: 
			 
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Basic 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,281 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,308 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,320 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,344 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,313 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 Diluted 
			 
			   
			   
			 37,473 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,478 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,494 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,546 
			   
			   
			   
			 37,500 
			   
		 

 
 

   

 ( 1 )  Net earnings in total and per share do  not  sum due to rounding 

   
 

   

 
 Note  13.  Subsequent Events: 

   

 On   July 2, 2018,  the Company acquired QT Holdings Corporation (Quad) for approximately  $20  million plus  $51  million in potential milestone payments. On   August 1, 2018,  the Company acquired Exosome Diagnostics, Inc. (Exosome) for approximately  $250  million plus  $325  million in potential milestone payments. The purchase accounting for these acquisitions are in progress. 

   

 In connection with the acquisition of Exosome Diagnostics, Inc. on   August 1, 2018,  the Company entered into a new credit facility that provides for a revolving credit facility of  $600  million, which can be increased by an additional  $200  million subject to certain conditions, and a term loan of  $250  million.  The credit facility is governed by a Credit Agreement dated   August 1, 2018  and matures on   August 1, 2023. 

   

 
 64 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   
 

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
Bio-Techne Corporation: 

   

 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

   

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bio-Techne Corporation and subsidiaries. as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three‑year period ended June 30, 2018, and the related notes (collectively, the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three‑year period ended June 30, 2018, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

   

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated August 27, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. 

   

 Basis for Opinion 

   

 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

   

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

   

 /s/ KPMG LLP 

   

 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002. 

   

 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
August 27, 2018 

   

   

 
 65 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

   

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
Bio-Techne Corporation: 

   

 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

   

 We have audited Bio-Techne Corporation’s and subsidiaries’ (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission .  In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018, based on criteria established in  Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

   

 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 30, 2018 and 2017, and the related consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended June 30, 2018, and related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated August 27, 2018 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

   

 The Company acquired Trevigen, Inc.,  Atlanta Biologicals, Inc., and Eurocell Diagnostics SAS during fiscal 2018, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018, Trevigen Inc.,  Atlanta Biologicals, Inc., and Eurocell Diagnostics SAS ’s internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of 5.3% and total revenues of 1.7% included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended June 30, 2018. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Trevigen, Inc., Atlanta Biologicals, Inc., and Eurocell Diagnostics SAS. 

   

 Basis for Opinion  

   

 The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

   

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

   

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

   

 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 /s/ KPMG LLP 

   

 Minneapolis, Minnesota 
August 27, 2018  

    

 
 66 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTATNS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

   

 None. 

   

   

 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

     

   

 

		 
			 (a) 
			  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
		 

 

   

 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). The evaluation was based upon reports and certifications provided by a number of executives.  Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2018, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

   

 

		 
			 (b) 
			 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
		 

 

   

 The Company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting also includes those policies and procedures that: 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (i)    
			 
			 
			 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 
			 
		 

 

 

		 
			 
			   
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 (ii)    

			   
			 
			 
			 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 (iii) 
			 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
		 

 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

   

 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

   

 We acquired Trevigen Inc (Trevigen) on September 5, 2017, Atlanta Biologicals (Atlanta) on January 2, 2018, and Eurocell Diagnostics SAS (Eurocell) on February 1, 2018. Trevigen, Atlanta, and Eurocell represented approximately 5.3% of our total assets and 1.7% of our total revenues as of and for the year ended June 30, 2018. We excluded internal control over financial reporting associated with Trevigen, Atlanta, and Eurocell from our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018. 

   

 Under the supervision of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria established in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our assessment and those criteria, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2018 

   

 The attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting issued by KPMG LLP appears in Item 8 of this report. 

   

 
 67 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (c) 
			 
			 
			 Remediation of Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
			 
		 

 

   

 As previously disclosed in Item 9A of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2017, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2017 due to material weaknesses over monitoring and information and communication with respect to General Information Technology Controls (GITCs) for certain of our information technology platforms and flow of information from the component locations to allow for effective monitoring.   As a consequence, we did not have effective control activities over the establishment of GITCs for certain Information Technology (IT) platforms primarily at recently acquired locations, and which impacted manual controls that rely on data produced by or maintained within these IT system applications were also ineffective. 

   

 To remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described in Item 9A of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2017, we performed a comprehensive review of procedures and related controls.   We hired a new Internal Audit Director and expanded the existing Internal Audit to improve our monitoring processes.  We conducted various trainings and meetings to ensure there was clear flow of information from subsidiaries to the corporate headquarters.  As a result of our procedures, new process controls were designed and implemented during fiscal year 2018.  In addition, management focused on frequent testing of Information Technology General Controls to validate continued operating effectiveness. 

   

 Management has determined that the remediation actions discussed above were effectively designed and demonstrated effective operation for a sufficient period of time to enable us to conclude that the material weaknesses related to our monitoring and information and communication processes as well as the aforementioned internal control activities have been remediated as of June 30, 2018. 

   

 

		 
			 
			 (d) 
			 
			 
			 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
			 
		 

 

   

 We acquired Space Import-Export, Srl (“Space”) on July 1, 2016 and Advanced Cell Diagnostics (“ACD” on August 1, 2016, and we have implemented our internal control structure over these and incorporated its operations into our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2018.   We have extended our oversight and monitoring processes that support internal control over financial reporting to include the operations of these entities. 

   

 Other than the acquisitions discussed above and the actions described under "Remediation of Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting," there were no other changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

   

   

   

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

   

 None. 

    

 
 68 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 PART III 

   

    

 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

   

 Other than "Executive Officers of the Registrant" which is set forth at the end of Item 1 in Part I of this report, the information required by Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled "Election of Directors," "Principle Shareholders" and "Additional Corporate Governance Matters" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year for which this report is filed. 

   

   

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

   

 The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled "Election of Directors" and "Executive Compensation" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year for which this report is filed. 

   

    

 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL 

 OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

   

 The information required by Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Principal Shareholders" and "Management Shareholdings" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year for which this report is filed. 

   

   

 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

   

 The information required by Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled "Election of Directors" and "Additional Corporate Governance Matters" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year for which this report is filed. 

     

   

 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

   

 The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled "Audit Matters" in the Company's Proxy Statement for its 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year for which this report is filed. 

   

 
 69 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 PART IV 

   

   

 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

   

 A. (1) List of Financial Statements. 

   

      The following Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

   

      Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended June 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016 

   

      Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2018 and 2017 

   

      Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016 

   

      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016 

   

      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended June 30, 2018, 2017, and 2016 

   

      Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm           

   

   

 A. (2) Financial Statement Schedules. 

   

      All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 

   

 A. (3) Exhibits. 

   

      See "Exhibit Index" immediately following signature page. 

   

   

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

  None. 

   

 
 70 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 SIGNATURES 

   

 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

   

 

		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 BIO-TECHNE CORPORATION 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 Date: August 27, 2018 
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 /s/ Charles Kummeth 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			      By: Charles Kummeth 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			      Its: President and CEO 
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 

 

                                            

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Date      
			 
			 
			 Signature and Title 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 August 27, 2018  
			 
			 
			 /s/ Robert V. Baumgartner 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Robert V. Baumgartner 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Chairman of the Board and Director 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 August 27, 2018  
			 
			 
			 /s/ Charles A. Dinarello, M.D. 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Dr. Charles A. Dinarello, Director 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 August 27, 2018  
			 
			 
			 /s/ Joseph Keegan, Ph.D. 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Dr. Joseph Keegan, Director 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 August 27, 2018  
			 
			 
			 /s/ John L. Higgins 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 John L. Higgins, Director 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 August 27, 2018  
			 
			 
			 /s/ Roeland Nusse, Ph.D. 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Dr. Roeland Nusse, Director 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 August 27, 2018 
			 /s/ Alpna Seth, Ph.D. 
		 
		 
			   
			 Dr. Alpna Seth, Director 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 August 27, 2018 
			 /s/ Randolph C. Steer, Ph.D., M.D. 
		 
		 
			   
			 Dr. Randolph C. Steer, Director 
		 
		 
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 August 27, 2018  
			 
			 
			 /s/ Harold J. Wiens 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Harold J. Wiens, Director 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 August 27, 2018  
			 
			 
			 /s/ Charles Kummeth 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 Charles Kummeth, Director and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 August 27, 2018  
			 
			 
			 /s/ James Hippel 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 James Hippel, Chief Financial Officer 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			 (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
			 
		 

 

   

 
 71 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

    

 EXHIBIT INDEX 

 for Form 10-K for the 201 8  Fiscal Year 

   

   

 

		 
			 
			 Exhibit 

			 Number    
			 
			 
			 Description 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 3.1 
			 
			 
			 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q dated February 9, 2015* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 3.2 
			 
			 
			 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Form 8-K dated February 1, 2018* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.1** 
			 
			 
			 1998 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.2** 
			 
			 
			 Form of Stock Option Agreement for 1998 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.3** 
			 
			 
			 Management Incentive Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2013* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.4** 
			 
			 
			 Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K dated October 26, 2017* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.5** 
			 
			 
			 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company's Form 8-K dated October 26, 2017* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.6** 
			 
			 
			 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company's Form 8-K dated October 26, 2017* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.7** 
			 
			 
			 Form of the Performance Unit Award Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Form 8-K dated October 26, 2017* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.8** 
			 
			 
			 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan--attached as Exhibit 10.8 hereto. 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.9** 
			 
			 
			 Form of Employee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan--attached as Exhibit 10.9 hereto. 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.10** 
			 
			 
			 Form of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Second Amended and Restated 2010 Equity Incentive Plan--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Form 8-K dated October 26, 2017* 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 10.11** 
			 
			 
			 Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Charles Kummeth--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company's Form 10-K dated September 7, 2017* 
			 
		 

 

   

 
 72 

 
 Table of Contents 
 

   

 

		 
			 
			 Exhibit 

			 Number   
			 
			 
			 Description 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.12** 
			 
			 
			 Form of Employment Agreement by and between the Company and Executive Officers of the Company other than the CEO--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company's Form 10-K dated September 7, 2017* 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 
			 10.13 
			 
			 
			 Agreement of Investment and Merger between the Company, Research and Diagnostics Systems, Inc., Cayenne Merger Sub, Inc., CyVek, Inc. and Citron Capital Limited dated April 1, 2014--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of the Company's Form 10-K dated August 29, 2014* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.14 
			 
			 
			 Credit Agreement by and among the Company, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and BMO Harris Bank N.A., as Administrative Agent, dated August 1, 2018--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 8-K dated August 2, 2018* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.15** 
			 
			 
			 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into with each director and executive officer of the Company--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Form 10-Q dated February 8, 2018* 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 10.16 
			 
			 
			 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Aero Merger Sub Inc., Advanced Cell Diagnostics, Inc. and Fortis Advisors, LLC as the Securityholders’ Representative, dated July 6, 2016--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Form 8-K dated July 7, 2016* 
			 
		 
		 
			   
			   
		 
		 
			 10.17 
			 Agreement and Plan of Merger between the Company, Enzo Merger Sub. Inc., Exosome Diagnostics, Inc. and The Securityholders Representative, dated July 25, 2018--incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Form 8-K dated June 25, 2018* 
		 
		 
			   
			   
		 

 

    

 

		 
			 
			 21 
			 
			 
			 Subsidiaries of the Company 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 23 
			 
			 
			 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 31.1 
			 
			 
			 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 31.2 
			 
			 
			 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 32.1 
			 
			 
			 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 32.2 
			 
			 
			 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
			 
		 
		 
			 
			   
			 
			 
			   
			 
		 
		 
			 
			 101 
			 
			 
			 The following financial statements from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018, formatted in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive Income, (ii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
			 
		 

 

 ------------- 

 *     Incorporated by reference; SEC File No. 000-17272 

 **   Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

   

   

   

   

   

 Exhibits for Form 10-K have not been included in this report. Exhibits have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Upon request to the Investor Relations Department, Bio-Techne Corporation will furnish, without charge, any such exhibits as well as copies of periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

   

   73 
 
 
 
 
