
 10-K
 1
 d820030d10k.htm
 10-K
 
 
 10-K 
 
  
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  UNITED STATES    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    Washington, D.C. 20549  
     FORM 10-K  
     x  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE    SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934      
  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014  
      OR  
     ¨  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE    SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934        For the transition period from                                to
                                
     Commission file number:
 001-08052       
 TORCHMARK CORPORATION    (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)      
 


 
 
 
 


 
 Delaware 
   
 63-0780404 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
   
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 
 
 
 3700 South Stonebridge Drive, McKinney, TX 
   
 75070 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
   
 (Zip Code) 
       972-569-4000  
 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)      
 None    (Former name, former address and
former fiscal year, if changed since last report)        Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Title of each class 
   
   CUSIP 
   
   Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share 
   
 891027104 
   
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share 
   
 891027104 
   
 The International Stock Exchange, London, England 
       Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(g) of the Act:     None      
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes   x       No  
 ¨       
     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Yes   ¨       No   x       
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes   x       No   ¨       
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation  S-K  is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part
III of this Form  10-K  or any amendment to this  Form 10-K. 
 ¨       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x       No  
 ¨       
     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. (Check one):      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Large accelerated filer        x 
    
 Accelerated filer 
   
 ¨ 
 
   Non-accelerated  filer          ¨ 
    
 Smaller reporting company 
   
 ¨ 
 
   (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   
 
       Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule  12b-2  of the Exchange Act). Yes   ¨       No   x 
       As of June 30, 2014, the aggregate market value of the
registrant’s common stock held by  non-affiliates  of the registrant was $7,156,116,413 based on the closing sale price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange.  
     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer’s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Class 
    
   Outstanding at February 13, 2015 
 
 Common Stock, $1.00 par value per share 
    
 127,107,471 shares     
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE      
 


 
 
 
 
 
   Document 
    
   Parts Into Which Incorporated 
 
 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 30, 2015 (Proxy Statement) 
    
 Part III 

 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
 INDEX      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
   
    
   
    
 Page 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
   PART I. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 1. 
    
   Business 
    
   
   1 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 1A. 
    
   Risk Factors  
    
   
   6 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 1B. 
    
   Unresolved Staff Comments  
    
   
 12 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 2. 
    
   Properties 
    
   
 12 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 3. 
    
   Legal Proceedings 
    
   
 13 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 4. 
    
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
   
 13 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   PART II. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 5. 
    
 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
   
 14 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 6. 
    
   Selected Financial Data 
    
   
 16 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 7. 
    
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
   
 17 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 7A. 
    
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
    
   
 52 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 8. 
    
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
   
 53 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 9. 
    
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
    
   
 108 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 9A. 
    
   Controls and Procedures 
    
   
 108 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 9B. 
    
   Other Information  
    
   
 108 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   PART III. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 10. 
    
   Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 11. 
    
   Executive Compensation 
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 12. 
    
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 13. 
    
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence  
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 14. 
    
   Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
    
   
 111 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   PART IV. 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   Item 15. 
    
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
    
   
 112 
    
 

 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  PART I        Item 1.    Business  
     Torchmark Corporation (Torchmark) is an insurance holding company
incorporated in Delaware in 1979. Its primary subsidiaries are American Income Life Insurance Company (American Income), Liberty National Life Insurance Company (Liberty National), Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company (Globe), United American
Insurance Company (United American), and Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America (Family Heritage).      
 Torchmark’s website is: www.torchmarkcorp.com. Torchmark makes available free of charge through its website, its annual report on Form 10-K,
its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on  Form 8-K,  and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with or furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission.        The following table
presents Torchmark’s business by primary marketing distribution method.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Primary Distribution Method 
   
 Company 
   
 Products and Target Markets 
   
 Distribution 
 
       


 
 American Income Exclusive Agency 
   
   American Income Life Insurance Company 
 Waco, Texas 
   
 Individual life and supplemental health insurance marketed to union and credit union members. 
   
 6,434 producing agents in the U.S., Canada, and New Zealand. 
 
 
 
     
 
 Direct Response 
   
   Globe Life And Accident Insurance Company 
 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 
   
 Individual life and supplemental health insurance including juvenile and senior life coverage, Medicare Supplement, and Medicare Part D marketed to middle-income Americans. 
   
 Direct mail, internet, television, magazine; nationwide. 
 
     
 
 Family Heritage Exclusive Agency 
   
   Family Heritage Life Insurance Company  of America   Cleveland, Ohio 
   
 Supplemental limited-benefit health insurance to middle-income families. 
   
 785 captive agents in the U.S. 
 
     
 
 Liberty National Exclusive Agency 
   
   Liberty National Life Insurance Company 
 McKinney, Texas 
   
 Individual life and supplemental health insurance marketed to middle-income families. 
   
 1,498 producing agents in the U.S. 
 
 
 
     
 
 United American Independent Agency 
   
   United American Insurance Company 
 McKinney, Texas 
   
 Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D coverage to Medicare beneficiaries and, to a lesser extent, supplemental limited-benefit health coverage to people under age 65. 
   
 3,161 independent producing agents in the U.S. 
       Additional information concerning
industry segments may be found in  Management’s Discussion and Analysis  and in  Note 14—Business Segments  in the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      1  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Insurance  
     Life Insurance        Torchmark’s insurance subsidiaries write a variety of nonparticipating ordinary life insurance products. These
include traditional and interest sensitive whole-life insurance, term life insurance, and other life insurance. The following table presents selected information about Torchmark’s life products.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Annualized Premium in Force (Amounts in
thousands) 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   


 
   Whole life: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Traditional 
    
 $ 
 1,296,403 
    
    
 $ 
 1,235,904 
    
    
 $ 
 1,213,304 
    
 
   Interest-sensitive 
    
   
 54,490 
    
    
   
 58,549 
    
    
   
 63,290 
    
 
   Term 
    
   
 619,782 
    
    
   
 591,628 
    
    
   
 551,583 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 73,870 
    
    
   
 69,320 
    
    
   
 66,840 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,044,545 
    
    
 $ 
 1,955,401 
    
    
 $ 
 1,895,017 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       The distribution methods for life
insurance products include sales by direct response, exclusive agents and independent agents. These methods are described in more depth in the Distribution Method chart earlier in this report. The following table presents life annualized premium in
force by distribution method.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Annualized Premium in Force (Amounts in
thousands) 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   


 
   Direct response 
    
 $ 
 721,261 
    
    
 $ 
 688,866 
    
    
 $ 
 659,026 
    
 
   Exclusive agents: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   American Income 
    
   
 807,935 
    
    
   
 749,165 
    
    
   
 705,417 
    
 
   Liberty National 
    
   
 285,201 
    
    
   
 287,079 
    
    
   
 295,396 
    
 
   Independent agents: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United American 
    
   
 15,831 
    
    
   
 17,846 
    
    
   
 19,533 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 214,317 
    
    
   
 212,445 
    
    
   
 215,645 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 2,044,545 
    
    
 $ 
 1,955,401 
    
    
 $ 
 1,895,017 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Health Insurance  
     Torchmark offers supplemental limited-benefit health insurance
products that include primarily cancer and accident plans. These policies are designed to supplement health coverage that applicants already own. Medicare Supplements are also offered to enrollees in the traditional fee-for-service Medicare program.
Medicare Supplement plans are standardized by federal regulation and are designed to pay deductibles and co-payments not paid by Medicare. We also offer Medicare Part D prescription drug insurance.  
      2  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  The following table presents supplemental health annualized premium in force information for the three
years ended December 31, 2014 by product category.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   Annualized Premium in Force 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
    
   Amount   
   
    
 % of Total 
   


 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
 $ 
 488,142 
    
    
   
 39 
    
    
 $ 
 435,788 
    
    
   
 36 
    
    
 $ 
 450,812 
    
    
   
 37 
    
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 459,181 
    
    
   
 36 
    
    
   
 451,656 
    
    
   
 37 
    
    
   
 451,941 
    
    
   
 37 
    
 
   Medicare Part D 
    
   
 316,089 
    
    
   
 25 
    
    
   
 322,763 
    
    
   
 27 
    
    
   
 325,749 
    
    
   
 26 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Health 
    
 $ 
 1,263,412 
    
    
   
 100 
    
    
 $ 
 1,210,207 
    
    
   
 100 
    
    
 $ 
 1,228,502 
    
    
   
 100 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       The following table presents
supplemental health annualized premium in force for the three years ended December 31, 2014 by marketing (distribution) method.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Annualized Premium in Force (Amounts in
thousands) 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   


 
   Direct response 
    
 $ 
 72,659 
    
    
 $ 
 55,270 
    
    
 $ 
 60,206 
    
 
   Exclusive agents: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Liberty National 
    
   
 226,599 
    
    
   
 240,581 
    
    
   
 259,452 
    
 
   American Income 
    
   
 71,942 
    
    
   
 71,354 
    
    
   
 73,280 
    
 
   Family Heritage 
    
   
 217,742 
    
    
   
 201,054 
    
    
   
 187,979 
    
 
   Independent agents: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   United American 
    
   
 358,381 
    
    
   
 319,185 
    
    
   
 321,836 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 947,323 
    
    
   
 887,444 
    
    
   
 902,753 
    
 
   Medicare Part D 
    
   
 316,089 
    
    
   
 322,763 
    
    
   
 325,749 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,263,412 
    
    
 $ 
 1,210,207 
    
    
 $ 
 1,228,502 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Annuities  
     Annuity products include single-premium and flexible-premium deferred
annuities. Annuities in each of the three years ending December 31, 2014 comprised less than 1% of premium.        Pricing        Premium
rates for life and health insurance products are established using assumptions as to future mortality, morbidity, persistency, and expenses. These assumptions are based on Company experience and projected investment earnings. Revenues for individual
life and health insurance products are primarily derived from premium income, and, to a lesser extent, through policy charges to the policyholder account values on annuity products and certain individual life products. Profitability is affected to
the extent actual experience deviates from the assumptions made in pricing and to the extent investment income varies from that which is required for policy reserves.  
     Collections for annuity products and certain life products are not
recognized as revenues but are added to policyholder account values. Revenues from these products are derived from charges to the account balances for insurance risk and administrative costs. Profits are earned to the extent these revenues exceed
actual costs. Profits are also earned from investment income on the deposits invested in excess of the amounts credited to policyholder accounts.  
      3  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Underwriting      
 The underwriting standards of each Torchmark insurance subsidiary are established by management. Each subsidiary uses information from the
application and, in some cases, telephone interviews with applicants, inspection reports, pharmacy data, doctors’ statements and/or medical examinations to determine whether a policy should be issued in accordance with the application, with a
different rating, with a rider, with reduced coverage or rejected.      
 Reserves      
 The life insurance policy reserves reflected in Torchmark’s financial statements as future policy benefits are calculated based on generally
accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These reserves, with premiums to be received in the future and the interest thereon compounded annually at assumed rates, must be sufficient to cover policy and contract obligations as they mature. Generally,
the mortality and persistency assumptions used in the calculations of reserves are based on Company experience. Similar reserves are held on most of the health policies written by Torchmark’s insurance subsidiaries, since these policies
generally are issued on a guaranteed-renewable basis. The assumptions used in the calculation of Torchmark’s reserves are reported in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements .  Reserves for annuity products and certain life products consist of the policyholders’ account values and are increased by policyholder deposits and interest credited and are decreased by policy charges and benefit
payments.        Investments  
     The nature, quality, and percentage mix of insurance company
investments are regulated by state laws. The investments of Torchmark insurance subsidiaries consist predominantly of high-quality, investment-grade securities. Fixed maturities represented 97% of total investments at fair value at December 31,
2014. ( See  Note 4 — Investments  in the  Notes to  Consolidated Financial Statements  and  Management’s Discussion and Analysis. )         Competition      
 Torchmark competes with other insurance carriers through policyholder service, price, product design, and sales efforts. While there are insurance
companies competing with Torchmark, no individual company dominates any of Torchmark’s life or health markets.      
 Torchmark’s health insurance products compete with, in addition to the products of other health insurance carriers, health maintenance
organizations, preferred provider organizations, and other health care-related institutions which provide medical benefits based on contractual agreements.      
 Management believes Torchmark companies operate at lower policy acquisition and administrative expense levels than peer companies. This allows
Torchmark to have competitive rates while maintaining higher underwriting margins.        Regulation      
 Insurance.     Insurance companies are subject to regulation and supervision in the states in which they do business. The
laws of the various states establish agencies with broad administrative and supervisory powers which include, among other things, granting and revoking licenses to transact business, regulating trade practices, licensing agents, approving policy
forms, approving certain premium rates, setting minimum reserve and loss ratio requirements, determining the form and content of required financial statements, and prescribing the type and amount of investments permitted. They are also required to
file detailed annual reports with supervisory agencies, and records of their business are subject to examination at any time. Under the rules of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC), insurance companies are examined
periodically by one or more of the supervisory agencies.  
      4  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Risk Based Capital.     The NAIC requires a risk based capital formula be
applied to all life and health insurers. The risk based capital formula is a threshold formula rather than a target capital formula. It is designed only to identify companies that require regulatory attention and is not to be used to rate or rank
companies that are adequately capitalized. All Torchmark insurance subsidiaries are more than adequately capitalized under the risk based capital formula.      
 Guaranty Assessments.     State guaranty laws provide for assessments from insurance companies to be placed into a fund
which is used, in the event of failure or insolvency of an insurance company, to fulfill the obligations of that company to its policyholders. The amount which a company is assessed is based on its proportional share of the premium in each state.
Assessments are recoverable to a great extent as offsets against state premium taxes.        Medicare Part D.     The Medicare Part D program is regulated at the federal level by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). This agency periodically examines
Torchmark’s participating subsidiaries.        Holding
Company.     States have enacted legislation requiring registration and periodic reporting by insurance companies domiciled within their respective jurisdictions that control or are controlled by other corporations so as to
constitute a holding company system. Torchmark and its subsidiaries have registered as a holding company system pursuant to such legislation in Indiana, Nebraska, Ohio, and New York.        Insurance holding company system statutes and regulations impose various limitations on investments in subsidiaries, and
may require prior regulatory approval for material transactions between insurers and affiliates and for the payment of certain dividends and other distributions.  
     Personnel  
     At the end of 2014, Torchmark had 2,980 employees.  
      5  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Item 1A.    Risk Factors  
     Risks Related to Our Business  
     Product Marketplace and Operational Risks:  
     The insurance industry is a regulated industry, populated by many
firms. We operate in the life and health insurance sectors of the insurance industry, each with its own set of risks.      
 The development and maintenance of our various distribution systems are critical to growth in product sales and
profits.     Because our life and health insurance sales are primarily made to individuals, rather than groups, and the face amounts sold are lower than that of policies sold in the higher income market, the development,
maintenance, and retention of adequate numbers of producing agents and direct response systems to support growth of sales in this market are critical. Adequate compensation that is competitive with other career opportunities and that also motivates
producing agents to increase sales is critical. In direct response, continuous development of new offerings and cost efficiency are key. Less than optimum execution of these strategies may result in reduced sales and profits.  
     Economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and
results of operations.  We serve primarily the middle-income market for individual protection life and health insurance and, as a result, we compete directly with alternative uses of a customer’s disposable income. If disposable income
within this demographic group declines or the use of disposable income becomes more limited, as a result of a significant, sustained economic downturn or otherwise, then new sales of our insurance products could become more challenging, and our
policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether.      
 Variations in expected to actual rates of mortality, morbidity, and persistency could materially negatively affect our results of operations and
financial condition.     We establish a liability for our policy reserves to pay future policyholder benefits and claims. These reserves do not represent an exact calculation of liability, but rather are actuarial estimates
based on models that include many assumptions and projections which are inherently uncertain. The reserve computations involve the exercise of significant judgment with respect to levels of mortality, morbidity, and persistency as well as the timing
of premium and benefit payments. Even though our actuaries continually test expected-to-actual results, actual levels that occur may differ significantly from the levels assumed when premium rates were first set. Accordingly, we cannot determine
with precision the ultimate amounts of claims or benefits that we will pay or the timing of such payments. Significant variations from the levels assumed when policy reserves are first set could negatively affect our profit margins and income.
       A ratings downgrade or other negative action by a rating
agency could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.     Various rating agencies review the financial performance and condition of insurers, including our insurance subsidiaries, and
publish their financial strength ratings as indicators of an insurer’s ability to meet policyholder and contract holder obligations. These ratings are important to maintaining public confidence in our insurance products. A downgrade or other
negative action by a rating agency with respect to the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries could negatively affect us in many ways, including the following: limiting or restricting the ability of our insurance subsidiaries to
pay dividends to us and adversely affecting our ability to sell insurance products through our independent agencies.      
 Rating agencies also publish credit ratings for us. Credit ratings are indicators of a debt issuer’s ability to meet the terms of debt
obligations in a timely manner. These ratings are important to our overall ability to access certain types of liquidity. Actual or anticipated downgrades in our credit ratings, or an announcement that our ratings are under further review for a
downgrade, could potentially have a negative effect on our operations, by limiting our access to capital markets, increasing the cost of debt, impairing our ability to raise capital to refinance maturing debt obligations, limiting our capacity to
support growth at our insurance subsidiaries, or making it more difficult to maintain or improve the current financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries.  
      6  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Ratings reflect only the rating agency’s views and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold
our securities. Rating agencies assign ratings based upon several factors. While most of the factors relate to the rated company, some of the factors relate to the views of the rating agency, general economic conditions and circumstances outside the
rated company’s control. In addition, rating agencies use various models and formulas to assess the strength of a rated company, and from time to time rating agencies have, in their discretion, altered the models. Changes to the models could
impact the rating agencies’ judgment of the rating to be assigned to the rated company. There can be no assurance that current credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended
or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if in each rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. We cannot predict what actions the rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of the rating
agencies, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.        Reputational Risk:      
 Damage to the reputation of Torchmark or its subsidiaries could affect our ability to conduct business.  Negative publicity published through
traditional media, internet, social media, and other public forums could damage our reputation and adversely impact our agent recruiting efforts, the ability to market our products, and the persistency of our block of inforce policies.  
     Life Insurance Marketplace Risk:  
     Our life products are sold in selected niche markets. We are at
risk should any of these markets diminish.  We have two life distribution channels that focus on distinct market niches: labor union members and sales via direct response solicitation. Deterioration of our relationships with organized labor or
adverse changes in the public’s receptivity to unsolicited direct response marketing could negatively affect this business.      
 Health Insurance Marketplace Risks:      
 The health insurance market is subject to substantial legislative scrutiny.  Legislative changes could impact our Medicare Supplement,
Medicare Part D, and other supplemental health businesses. The nature and timing of any such changes cannot be predicted and could have a material adverse effect on that business.  
     Competition in the health market can be significant.  Sales of
our health insurance products are subject to competition from other health insurance companies and alternative healthcare providers, such as those that provide alternatives to traditional Medicare to seniors. In addition, some insurers may be
willing to significantly reduce their profit margins or under price new sales in order to gain market share. We choose not to compete for market share based on these terms. Accordingly, changes in the competitive landscape, including the pricing
strategies employed by our competitors, could negatively impact the future sales of our health insurance products.      
 An inability to obtain timely and appropriate premium rate increases for the health insurance policies we sell due to regulatory delay could
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.     A significant percentage of the health insurance premiums that our insurance subsidiaries earn is from Medicare Supplement insurance. Medicare Supplement
insurance and the terms under which the premiums for such policies may be increased are highly regulated at both the state and federal level. As a result, it is characterized by lower profit margins than life insurance and requires strict
administrative discipline and economies of scale for success. Because Medicare Supplement policies are coordinated with the federal Medicare program, which experiences health care inflation every year, annual premium rate increases for the Medicare
Supplement policies are necessary. Obtaining timely rate increases is of critical importance to our success in this market. Accordingly, the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to obtain approval of premium rate increases in a timely manner from
state insurance regulatory authorities in the future could adversely impact their profitability.  
      7  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Investment Risks:      
 Our investments are subject to market and credit risks.     Our invested assets are subject to the customary risks of
defaults, downgrades, and changes in market values. Substantially all of our investment portfolio consists of fixed-maturity and short-term investments. A significant portion of our fixed-maturity investments is comprised of corporate bonds,
exposing us to the risk that individual corporate issuers will not have the ability to make required interest or principal payments on the investment. Factors that may affect both market and credit risks include interest rate levels, financial
market performance, disruptions in credit markets, general economic conditions, legislative changes, particular circumstances affecting the businesses or industries of each issuer, and other factors beyond our control. Additionally, because the
majority of our investments are longer-term fixed maturities that we typically hold until maturity, significant increases in interest rates, widening of credit spreads, or inactive markets associated with market downturns could cause a material
temporary decline in the fair value of our fixed investment portfolio, even with regard to performing assets. These declines could cause a material increase in unrealized losses in our investment portfolio. Significant unrealized losses can
substantially reduce our capital position and shareholders’ equity. It is possible that our investment in certain of these securities with unrealized losses may experience a default event and that a portion or all of that unrealized loss may
not be recoverable. In that case, the unrealized loss will be realized, at which point we would take an impairment charge, reducing our net income.      
 Difficulties in the business of particular issuers or in industries in which we hold investments could cause significant downgrades,
delinquencies and defaults in our investment portfolio, potentially resulting in lower net investment income and increased realized and unrealized investment losses.      A default by an issuer could result in a significant
other-than-temporary impairment of that investment, causing us to write the investment down and take a charge against net income. The risk of default is higher for bonds with longer-term maturities, which we acquire in order to match our long-term
insurance obligations. We attempt to reduce this risk by purchasing only investment grade securities and by carefully evaluating an issuer before entering into an investment. We cannot be assured that any particular issuer, regardless of industry,
will be able to make required interest and principal payments, on a timely basis or at all. Material other-than-temporary impairments could reduce our statutory surplus, leading to lower risk-based capital ratios, potential downgrades of our ratings
by rating agencies and a potential reduction of future dividend capacity from our insurance subsidiaries. While we intend to hold our investments until maturity, a severe increase in defaults could cause us to suffer a significant decrease in
investment income or principal repayments, resulting in substantial realized losses from the writedowns of impaired investments. Current net income would be negatively impacted by the writedowns, and prospective net income would be adversely
impacted by the loss of future interest income.        A
decline in interest rates could negatively affect income.     Declines in interest rates expose insurance companies to the risk of not earning anticipated spreads between the interest rate earned on investments and the
discount rates used to calculate the net policy liabilities. While we attempt to manage our investments to preserve the excess investment income spread, we provide no assurance that a significant and persistent decline in interest rates will not
materially affect such spreads. Significant decreases in interest rates could result in calls by issuers of investments, where such features are available to issuers. These calls could result in a decline in our investment income, as reinvestment of
the proceeds would likely be at lower rates.        Liquidity Risks:
       Our liquidity to fund operations is substantially
dependent on funds available, primarily dividends, from our insurance subsidiaries.     As a holding company with no direct operations, our principal asset is the capital stock of our insurance subsidiaries, which periodically
declare and distribute dividends on their capital stock. Moreover, our liquidity, including our ability to pay our operating expenses and to make principal and interest payments on debt securities or other indebtedness owed by us, as well as our
ability to pay dividends on our common stock or any preferred stock, depends significantly upon the surplus and earnings of our insurance subsidiaries and the ability of these subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds to us. Other
sources of liquidity also include a variety of short-term and long-term instruments, including our credit facility, commercial paper, long-term debt, intercompany financing, and reinsurance.  
      8  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  The principal sources of our insurance subsidiaries’ liquidity are insurance premiums, as well as
investment income, maturities, repayments, and other cash flow from our investment portfolio. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to various state statutory and regulatory restrictions applicable to insurance companies that limit the amount of
cash dividends, loans, and advances that those subsidiaries may pay to us, including laws establishing minimum solvency and liquidity thresholds. For example, in the states where our companies are domiciled, an insurance company generally may pay
dividends only out of its unassigned surplus as reflected in its statutory financial statements filed in that state. Additionally, dividends paid by insurance subsidiaries are generally limited to the greater of prior year statutory net income,
excluding capital gains, on an annual noncumulative basis or 10% of prior year statutory surplus without regulatory approval. Accordingly, impairments in invested assets or a disruption in our insurance subsidiaries’ operations that reduces
their capital or cash flow could limit or disallow payment of dividends to us, a principal source of our cash flow.      
 We can give no assurance that more stringent restrictions will not be adopted from time to time by states in which our insurance subsidiaries are
domiciled, which could, under certain circumstances, significantly reduce dividends or other amounts paid to us by our subsidiaries. Although we do not anticipate changes, changes in these laws could constrain the ability of our subsidiaries to pay
dividends or to advance or repay funds to us in sufficient amounts and at times necessary to meet our debt obligations and corporate expenses. Additionally, the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to obtain approval of premium rate increases in
a timely manner from state insurance regulatory authorities could adversely impact their profitability, and thus their ability to declare and distribute dividends to us. Limitations on the flow of dividends from our subsidiaries could limit our
ability to service and repay debt or to pay dividends on our capital stock.        Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs or access capital, as well as affect our cost of capital.      Should credit
spreads widen in the future, the interest rate on any new debt obligation we may issue could increase, and our net income could be reduced. If the credit and capital markets were to experience significant disruption, uncertainty, and instability,
these conditions could adversely affect our access to capital. Such market conditions may limit our ability to replace maturing liabilities (in a timely manner or at all) and/or access the capital necessary to grow our business.  
     In the unlikely event that current resources do not satisfy our needs,
we may have to seek additional financing or raise capital. The availability of additional financing or capital will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit or capital, the volume of trading
activities, the overall availability of credit to the insurance industry, and our credit ratings and credit capacity. Additionally, customers, lenders, or investors could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects
if we incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn. Our access to funds may also be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. Our internal
sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and, in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. As such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue shorter term securities
than we prefer, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. Therefore, as a result, our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be
materially negatively affected by disruptions in the financial markets.      
 Regulatory Risks:      
 Our businesses are heavily regulated, and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and growth.     Insurance
companies, including our insurance subsidiaries, are subject to extensive supervision and regulation in the states in which we do business. The primary purpose of this supervision and regulation is the protection of our policyholders, not our
investors. State agencies have broad administrative power over numerous aspects of our business, including premium rates and other terms and conditions that we can include in the insurance policies offered by our insurance subsidiaries, marketing
practices, advertising, licensing agents, policy forms, capital adequacy, solvency, reserves, and permitted investments. Also, regulatory authorities have relatively broad discretion to grant, renew, or initiate procedures to revoke licenses or
approvals. The insurance laws, regulations and policies currently affecting Torchmark and its insurance subsidiaries may change at any time, possibly having an adverse effect on our business. Should these changes to our business occur, we may be
unable to maintain all  
      9  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
required licenses and approvals, and our business may not fully comply with the wide variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant authority’s interpretation of the laws and
regulations, which may change from time to time. If we do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from
carrying on some or all of our activities or impose substantial fines.        We cannot predict the timing or substance of any future regulatory initiatives. In recent years, there has been increased scrutiny of insurance companies, including our insurance subsidiaries, by insurance
regulatory authorities, which has included more extensive examinations and more detailed review of disclosure documents. These regulatory authorities may bring regulatory or other legal actions against us if, in their view, our practices, or those
of our agents or employees, are improper. These actions can result in substantial fines, penalties, or prohibitions or restrictions on our business activities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or
financial condition. Additionally, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may, even absent any particular regulatory authority’s interpretation of an issue changing, cause us to change our views regarding the actions that we
need to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective, thus necessitating changes to our practices that may, in some cases, limit our ability to grow, impact regulatory capital requirements, or otherwise negatively impact the
profitability of our business.        Currently, the U.S. federal
government does not directly regulate the business of insurance. However, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Record and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 establishes a Federal Insurance Office (FIO) within the Department of the Treasury, and the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (Affordable Care Act) created the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight (CCIIO), originally established under the Department of Health and Human Services and subsequently transferred to the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). The creation of these insurance regulatory offices may indicate that the federal government intends to play a larger role in the direct regulation of the insurance industry. We cannot predict what
impact, if any, the FIO and CCIIO, as well as any other proposals for federal regulation of insurance could have on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We also cannot predict what impact actions taken by CMS, as the
regulator of our Medicare Part D business, could have on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.      
 Changes in U.S. federal income tax law could increase our tax costs.     Changes to the Internal Revenue Code,
administrative rulings, or court decisions affecting the insurance industry, including the products it offers, could increase our effective tax rate and lower our net income, or negatively effect our ability to sell some of our products.  
     Changes in accounting standards issued by accounting
standard-setting bodies may affect our financial statements, reduce our reported profitability, and change the timing of profit recognition.     Our financial statements are subject to the application of accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), which principles are periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards or guidance issued by recognized
authoritative bodies. It is possible that future accounting standards that we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, standard setters have a full agenda of unissued topics under review at any given time, any of which have the potential to negatively impact our profitability.  
     If we fail to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and
information security, including taking steps to ensure that our business associates who obtain access to sensitive patient information maintain its confidentiality, our reputation and business operations could be materially adversely
affected.     The collection, maintenance, use, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by our insurance subsidiaries are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. These laws and rules are
subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. Various state laws address the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data to the extent they are more restrictive than those contained in the privacy and
security provisions in the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 (GLBA) and in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). HIPAA also requires that we impose privacy and security requirements on our business associates
(as that term is defined in the HIPAA regulations). Noncompliance with any privacy laws or  
      10  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information, whether by us or by one of our business associates, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations and could include material fines and penalties, various forms of damages, consent orders regarding our privacy and security practices, adverse actions against our
licenses to do business and injunctive relief.        Litigation Risk:
       Litigation could result in substantial judgments
against us or our subsidiaries.     We are, and in the future may be, subject to litigation in the ordinary course of business. Some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of various alleged classes of complainants,
and, in certain of these matters, the plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages. Members of our management and legal teams review litigation on a quarterly and annual basis. However, the
outcome of any such litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. A number of civil jury verdicts have been returned against insurers in the jurisdictions in which Torchmark and its insurance subsidiaries do business involving the insurers’
sales practices, alleged agent misconduct, failure to properly supervise agents, and other matters. These lawsuits have resulted in the award of substantial judgments against insurers that are disproportionate to the actual damages, including
material amounts of punitive damages. In some states in which we operate, juries have substantial discretion in awarding punitive damages. This discretion creates the potential for unpredictable material adverse judgments in any given punitive
damages suit.        Our pending and future litigation could
adversely affect us because of the costs of defending these cases, the costs of settlement or judgments against us, or changes in our operations that could result from litigation. Substantial legal liability in these or future legal actions could
also have a material financial effect or cause significant harm to our reputation, which, in turn, could materially harm our business and our business prospects.  
     Catastrophic Event Risk:  
     Our business is subject to the risk of the occurrence of
catastrophic events.     Our insurance policies are issued to and held by a large number of policyholders throughout the United States in relatively low-face amounts. Accordingly, it is unlikely that a large portion of our
policyholder base would be affected by a single natural disaster. However, our insurance operations could be exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality or morbidity, caused by events such as a pandemic, hurricane, earthquake, or man-made
catastrophes, including acts of terrorism or war, which may produce significant claims in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. Claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in
our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition.      
 Information Security and Technology Risk:      
 A network security breach, the introduction of malware in our computing environment, a disaster, or other unanticipated event could affect the
computer systems of Torchmark or its subsidiaries, and could damage our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  Despite our implementation of cyber security measures to protect our hardware, software,
data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access, our computing environment could be subject to physical and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our systems.  
     We retain confidential information in our computer systems. Anyone who
is able to circumvent our cyber security measures and penetrate our computer systems could access, view, misappropriate, alter or delete information in the systems, including personally identifiable customer information and proprietary business
information. In addition, an increasing number of states require that customers be notified of unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of their information. Any compromise of the security of our computer systems that results in an inappropriate
access, use, or disclosure of personally identifiable customer information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter people from purchasing our products, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability, and require us to incur
significant technical, legal and other expenses.  
      11  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  In the event of a disaster, such as a natural catastrophe, an industrial accident, a blackout, or a
terrorist attack or war, our computer systems may be inaccessible to our employees or customers for a period of time.  Even if our employees are able to report to work, they may be unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time if
our data or systems are disabled or destroyed and if existing contingency plans cannot function as designed.      
 Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments  
     As of December 31, 2014, Torchmark had no unresolved staff comments.
       Item
2.    Properties        Torchmark, through
its subsidiaries, owns or leases buildings that are used in the normal course of business. Torchmark owns and occupies a 300,000 square foot facility in McKinney, Texas (a north Dallas suburb). This facility is Torchmark’s corporate
headquarters and also houses the operations of a subsidiary, United American, as well as the operations of other subsidiaries. In addition, United American leases 5,000 square feet of space in Omaha, Nebraska and, through a subsidiary, leases 2,500
square feet in an office area in Syracuse, New York.      
 Liberty National, though headquartered in McKinney, Texas, operates its main activities out of a 24,000 square foot facility leased in Hoover,
Alabama (a Birmingham suburb). An 8,000 square foot facility is leased for storage in Pelham, Alabama, close to the Hoover facility.      
 Globe leases a 30,300 square foot office area in the City Place Tower building located in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Globe also leases 11,000
square feet at a nearby facility used for storage. Globe Marketing Services, a subsidiary of Globe, owns a 133,000 square foot facility in Oklahoma City which houses the Globe direct response operation.  
     American Income owns and is the sole occupant of an office building
located in Waco, Texas. The two-floored building contains 70,000 square feet. American Income also has leased 8,100 square feet in a building across the street from the main office building. American Income Marketing Services, a subsidiary of
American Income, owns a 43,000 square foot facility located in Waco, Texas, housing American Income’s direct response operation. American Income also leases office space throughout the United States to support its marketing operations.
       Family Heritage owns 50% of a partnership that owns an
approximate 66,000 square foot building in Broadview Heights, Ohio (a suburb of Cleveland), serving as Family Heritage’s headquarters. The partnership also leases a portion of the building to unrelated tenants.  
      12  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Item 3.    Legal Proceedings  
     Torchmark and its subsidiaries, in common with the insurance industry
in general, are subject to litigation, including claims involving tax matters, alleged breaches of contract, torts, including bad faith and fraud claims based on alleged wrongful or fraudulent acts of agents of Torchmark’s subsidiaries,
employment discrimination, and miscellaneous other causes of action. Based upon information presently available, and in light of legal and other factual defenses available to Torchmark and its subsidiaries, management does not believe that such
litigation will have a material adverse effect on Torchmark’s financial condition, future operating results or liquidity; however, assessing the eventual outcome of litigation necessarily involves forward-looking speculation as to judgments to
be made by judges, juries and appellate courts in the future. This bespeaks caution, particularly in states with reputations for high punitive damage verdicts. Torchmark’s management recognizes that large punitive damage awards bearing little
or no relation to actual damages continue to be awarded by juries in jurisdictions in which Torchmark and its subsidiaries have substantial business, creating the potential for unpredictable material adverse judgments in any given punitive damage
suit.        As previously reported, Torchmark subsidiaries are
currently the subject of audits regarding the identification, reporting and escheatment of unclaimed property arising from life insurance policies and a limited number of annuity contracts. These audits are being conducted by private entities that
have contracted with forty-seven states through their respective Departments of Revenue, and have not resulted in any financial assessment from any state nor indicated any liability. The audits are wide-ranging and seek large amounts of data
regarding claims handling, procedures, and payments of contract benefits arising from unreported death claims. Amounts that could be payable to insurance beneficiaries and to the states for the escheatment of abandoned property represent insurance
liabilities and are included in the Company’s estimate of policy benefits under the caption “Total policy liabilities” on the  Consolidated Balance Sheets . No estimate of range can be made for loss contingencies related to
possible administrative penalties or amounts that could be payable to the states for the escheatment of abandoned property at this time.      
 Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.        Not Applicable.  
      13  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  PART II        Item 5.    Market for Registrant’s Common Equity,  
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
   
 
 
 (a) 
   
 Market Price of and Dividends on the Registrant’s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters        The principal market in which Torchmark’s common stock is traded is the New York Stock Exchange. There were
 2,996 shareholders of record on December 31, 2014, excluding shareholder accounts held in nominee form. The market prices and cash dividends paid by calendar quarter for the past two years are presented in the following table. Per share
amounts have been retrospectively adjusted for the three-for-two stock split effective July 1, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
 2014 Market Price 
   
    
 Dividends Per Share 
   
 
   Quarter 
   
   
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    


 
 
 1                 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 53.51 
    
    
 $ 
 48.37 
    
    
 $ 
 .1133 
    
 
 
 2                 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 55.07 
    
    
   
 50.97 
    
    
   
 .1267 
    
 
 
 3                 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 55.68 
    
    
   
 52.37 
    
    
   
 .1267 
    
 
 
 4                 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 55.42 
    
    
   
 50.32 
    
    
   
 .1267 
    
 
   Year-end closing price 
   
 $ 
 54.17 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
    
 2013 Market Price 
   
    
 Dividends Per Share 
   
 
   Quarter 
   
   
   
    
 High 
   
    
 Low 
   
    
 
 
 1                 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 39.87 
    
    
 $ 
 35.03 
    
    
 $ 
 .1000 
    
 
 
 2                 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 43.81 
    
    
   
 38.76 
    
    
   
 .1133 
    
 
 
 3                 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 48.65 
    
    
   
 43.89 
    
    
   
 .1133 
    
 
 
 4                 
   
 
 
 
    
   
 52.35 
    
    
   
 47.11 
    
    
   
 .1133 
    
 
   Year-end closing price 
   
 $ 
 52.10 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (c) 
   
 Purchases of Certain Equity Securities by the Issuer and Others for the Fourth Quarter 2014  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Period 
    
 (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased 
   
    
 (b) Average Price Paid Per Share 
   
    
 (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or
Programs 
   
    
 (d) Maximum Number of Shares (or Approximate Dollar Amount) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans
or Programs 


 
   October 1-31, 2014 
    
   
 811,046 
    
    
 $ 
 52.02 
    
    
   
 811,046 
    
    
 
 
   November 1-30, 2014 
    
   
 607,000 
    
    
   
 53.45 
    
    
   
 607,000 
    
    
 
 
   December 1-31, 2014 
    
   
 608,448 
    
    
   
 53.55 
    
    
   
 608,448 
    
    
 
       On August 6, 2014, Torchmark’s
Board reaffirmed its continued authorization of the Company’s stock repurchase program in amounts and with timing that management, in consultation with the Board, determined to be in the best interest of the Company. The program has no defined
expiration date or maximum shares to be purchased.  
      14  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 
 
 (e) 
   
 Performance Graph        


 
          
 
 
   
     * 
   
 $100 invested on 12/31/09 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.  
     Copyright ©  2015 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.      
 The line graph shown above compares Torchmark’s cumulative total return on its common stock with the cumulative total returns of the Standard
and Poor’s 500 Stock Index (S&P 500) and the Standard and Poor’s Life & Health Insurance Index (S&P Life & Health Insurance). Torchmark is one of the companies whose stock is included within both the S&P 500 and the
S&P Life & Health Insurance Index.  
      15  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Item 6.    Selected Financial Data  
     The following information should be read in conjunction with
Torchmark’s Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes reported elsewhere in this Form 10-K:      
 (Amounts in thousands except per share and percentage data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Year ended December 31, 
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
       2010       
   


 
   Premium revenue: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Life 
   
 $ 
 1,966,300 
    
   
 $ 
 1,885,332 
    
   
 $ 
 1,808,524 
    
   
 $ 
  1,726,244 
    
   
 $ 
 1,663,699 
    
 
   Health 
   
   
 1,242,720 
    
   
   
 1,166,410 
    
   
   
 1,047,379 
    
   
   
 929,466 
    
   
   
 987,421 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 532 
    
   
   
 559 
    
   
   
 608 
    
   
   
 638 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 3,209,420 
    
   
   
 3,052,274 
    
   
   
 2,856,462 
    
   
   
 2,656,318 
    
   
   
 2,651,758 
    
 
   Net investment income 
   
   
 729,207 
    
   
   
 709,743 
    
   
   
 693,644 
    
   
   
 693,028 
    
   
   
 676,364 
    
 
   Realized investment gains (losses) 
   
   
 23,548 
    
   
   
 7,990 
    
   
   
 37,833 
    
   
   
 25,904 
    
   
   
 37,340 
    
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 3,964,296 
    
   
   
 3,771,938 
    
   
   
 3,589,516 
    
   
   
 3,377,401 
    
   
   
 3,367,632 
    
 
   Income from continuing operations 
   
   
 542,939 
    
   
   
 528,472 
    
   
   
 529,324 
    
   
   
 497,616 
    
   
   
 504,095 
    
 
   Income from discontinued operations 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 29,784 
    
 
   Loss on disposal, net of tax 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (455 
 )  
   
   
 (35,013 
 )  
 
   Net income 
   
   
 542,939 
    
   
   
 528,472 
    
   
   
 529,324 
    
   
   
 497,161 
    
   
   
 498,866 
    
 
   Per common share: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Basic earnings: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations (4) 
   
   
 4.15 
    
   
   
 3.84 
    
   
   
 3.65 
    
   
   
 3.06 
    
   
   
 2.75 
    
 
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations (4) 
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Net
income (4) 
   
   
 4.15 
    
   
   
 3.84 
    
   
   
 3.65 
    
   
   
 3.06 
    
   
   
 2.73 
    
 
   Diluted earnings: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Income from continuing operations (4) 
   
   
 4.09 
    
   
   
 3.79 
    
   
   
 3.60 
    
   
   
 3.02 
    
   
   
 2.73 
    
 
   Income (loss) from discontinued operations (4) 
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
 
   Net
income (4) 
   
   
 4.09 
    
   
   
 3.79 
    
   
   
 3.60 
    
   
   
 3.02 
    
   
   
 2.70 
    
 
   Cash dividends
declared (4) 
   
   
 0.51 
    
   
   
 0.45 
    
   
   
 0.40 
    
   
   
 0.31 
    
   
   
 0.27 
    
 
   Cash dividends
paid (4) 
   
   
 0.49 
    
   
   
 0.44 
    
   
   
 0.38 
    
   
   
 0.30 
    
   
   
 0.27 
    
 
   Basic average shares outstanding (4) 
   
   
 130,722 
    
   
   
 137,647 
    
   
   
 144,921 
    
   
   
 162,417 
    
   
   
 183,014 
    
 
   Diluted average shares outstanding (4) 
   
   
 132,640 
    
   
   
 139,564 
    
   
   
 146,848 
    
   
   
 164,723 
    
   
   
 184,685 
    
 
 As of December 31, 
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2011 
   
   
       2010       
   
 
   Cash and invested
assets (1) 
   
 $ 
 15,058,996 
    
   
 $ 
 13,456,944 
    
   
 $ 
 14,155,919 
    
   
 $ 
  12,437,699 
    
   
 $ 
 11,563,656 
    
 
   Total
assets (1) 
   
   
 20,214,730 
    
   
   
 18,191,744 
    
   
   
 18,776,910 
    
   
   
 16,588,272 
    
   
   
 15,622,973 
    
 
   Short-term
debt 
   
   
 238,398 
    
   
   
 229,070 
    
   
   
 319,043 
    
   
   
 224,842 
    
   
   
 198,875 
    
 
   Long-term
debt (2) 
   
   
 992,130 
    
   
   
 990,865 
    
   
   
 989,686 
    
   
   
 914,282 
    
   
   
 913,354 
    
 
   Shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 4,697,466 
    
   
   
 3,776,342 
    
   
   
 4,361,786 
    
   
   
 3,859,631 
    
   
   
 3,667,329 
    
 
   Per diluted
share (4) 
   
   
 36.19 
    
   
   
 27.66 
    
   
   
 30.56 
    
   
   
 25.27 
    
   
   
 20.24 
    
 
   Effect of fixed maturity revaluation on diluted equity per share (3,4) 
   
   
 8.28 
    
   
   
 1.81 
    
   
   
 7.07 
    
   
   
 3.96 
    
   
   
 0.37 
    
 
   Annualized premium in force: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Life (1) 
   
   
 2,044,545 
    
   
   
 1,955,401 
    
   
   
 1,895,017 
    
   
   
 1,813,705 
    
   
   
 1,753,046 
    
 
   Health (1) 
   
   
 1,263,412 
    
   
   
 1,210,207 
    
   
   
 1,228,502 
    
   
   
 1,016,393 
    
   
   
 973,625 
    
 
   Total 
   
   
 3,307,957 
    
   
   
 3,165,608 
    
   
   
 3,123,519 
    
   
   
 2,830,098 
    
   
   
 2,726,671 
    
 
   Basic shares
outstanding (4) 
   
   
 127,930 
    
   
   
 134,252 
    
   
   
 141,353 
    
   
   
 150,869 
    
   
   
 178,297 
    
 
   Diluted shares outstanding (4) 
   
   
 129,812 
    
   
   
 136,537 
    
   
   
 142,707 
    
   
   
 152,712 
    
   
   
 181,222 
    
 
 
 
 (1) 
   
 At December 31, 2012, cash and invested assets included $615 million, total assets included $869 million, annualized life premium in force included $949 thousand, and annualized
health premium in force included $188 million, representing the business acquired in the acquisition of Family Heritage in 2012.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Includes Torchmark’s 7.1% Junior Subordinated Debentures reported as “Due to affiliates” on the  Consolidated Balance Sheets  at year ends 2010 through 2011
in the amount of $123.7 million.  
 
 
 (3) 
 There is an accounting rule (ASC 320-10-35-1) requiring available-for-sale fixed maturities to be revalued at fair value each period. The effect of this rule on diluted equity
per share reflects the amount added or (deducted) under this rule to produce GAAP Shareholders’ equity per share. Please see the explanation and discussion under the caption  Capital Resources  in  Management’s Discussion and
Analysis  in this report concerning the effect this rule has on Torchmark’s equity.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Outstanding shares and per share amounts have been retrospectively adjusted for the three-for-two-stock split effective July 1, 2014.  
      16  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Item 7.    Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations        The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the  Selected Financial Data  and Torchmark’s  Consolidated Financial Statements  and Notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.  
     RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
     How Torchmark Views Its
Operations:     Torchmark is the holding company for a group of insurance companies which market primarily individual life and supplemental health insurance, and to a limited extent annuities, to middle income households
throughout the United States. We view our operations by segments, which are the insurance product lines of life, health, Medicare Part D, and annuities, and the investment segment that supports the product lines. Segments are aligned based on their
common characteristics, comparability of the profit margins, and management techniques used to operate each segment. As described in  Note 14—Business Segments  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , we reorganized our
segment structure to separate our Medicare Part D health insurance business from our other health insurance activities as a stand-alone segment, because management determined that Part D meets the criteria of a distinct segment under accounting
guidance. Prior period results have been retrospectively adjusted for comparability.        Insurance Product Line Segments.     As fully explained in  Note 14 , the insurance product line segments involve the marketing, underwriting, and the administration of policies. Each
product line is further segmented by the various distribution units that market the insurance policies. Each distribution unit operates in a niche market offering insurance products designed for that particular market. Whether analyzing
profitability of a segment as a whole, or the individual distribution units within the segment, the measure of profitability used by management is the underwriting margin, which is:        Premium revenue  
 Less:        Policy obligations        Policy
acquisition costs and commissions        Investment
Segment.     The investment segment involves the management of our capital resources, including investments and the management of corporate debt and liquidity. Our measure of profitability for the investment segment is excess
investment income, which is:        Net
investment income    Less:        Required interest on net policy liabilities  
     Financing costs      
 The tables in  Note 14   reconcile Torchmark’s revenues and expenses by segment to its major income statement line items for each of
the years in the three-year period ending December 31, 2014. Additionally, this Note provides a summary of the profitability measures that demonstrates year-to-year comparability and which reconciles to net income. That summary is reproduced below
from the  Consolidated  Financial Statements  to present our overall operations in the manner that we use to manage the business.      
 Acquisition:     On November 1, 2012, we acquired Family Heritage, a previously privately-held supplemental health
insurance carrier. Information about this acquisition can be found in  Note 6—Acquisition  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . The results of Family Heritage subsequent to our acquisition are included in this
discussion within our health insurance segment.  
      17  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Analysis of Profitability by Segment  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2014 Change 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 2013 Change 
   
   
 % 
   


 
   Life insurance underwriting margin 
   
 $ 
 556,489 
    
   
 $ 
 545,059 
    
   
 $ 
 509,476 
    
   
 $ 
 11,430 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 $ 
 35,583 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Health insurance underwriting margin* 
   
   
 199,319 
    
   
   
 196,507 
    
   
   
 163,984 
    
   
   
 2,812 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 32,523 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   Medicare Part D underwriting margin* 
   
   
 27,266 
    
   
   
 35,300 
    
   
   
 33,357 
    
   
   
 (8,034 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 1,943 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Annuity underwriting margin 
   
   
 4,312 
    
   
   
 3,939 
    
   
   
 3,465 
    
   
   
 373 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 474 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Excess investment income 
   
   
 225,091 
    
   
   
 218,826 
    
   
   
 236,644 
    
   
   
 6,265 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (17,818 
 )  
   
   
 (8 
 )  
 
   Other insurance: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other income 
   
   
 2,354 
    
   
   
 2,208 
    
   
   
 1,898 
    
   
   
 146 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 310 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
   Administrative expense 
   
   
 (179,955 
 )  
   
   
 (178,898 
 )  
   
   
 (165,405 
 )  
   
   
 (1,057 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (13,493 
 )  
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Corporate and adjustments 
   
   
 (40,362 
 )  
   
   
 (34,137 
 )  
   
   
 (29,827 
 )  
   
   
 (6,225 
 )  
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 (4,310 
 )  
   
   
 14 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Pre-tax total 
   
   
 794,514 
    
   
   
 788,804 
    
   
   
 753,592 
    
   
   
 5,710 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 35,212 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Applicable taxes 
   
   
 (260,046 
 )  
   
   
 (258,137 
 )  
   
   
 (246,945 
 )  
   
   
 (1,909 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (11,192 
 )  
   
   
 5 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 534,468 
    
   
   
 530,667 
    
   
   
 506,647 
    
   
   
 3,801 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 24,020 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Realized gains (losses)—investments (after tax)** 
   
   
 15,306 
    
   
   
 3,965 
    
   
   
 24,591 
    
   
   
 11,341 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (20,626 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition expense—Family Heritage (after tax) 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (1,914 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,914 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Family Heritage acquisition finalization adjustments (after tax) 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 522 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (522 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 522 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Legal settlement expenses (after tax) 
   
   
 (1,519 
 )  
   
   
 (5,931 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 4,412 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (5,931 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Guaranty Fund assessment (after tax) 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (751 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 751 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (751 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Administrative settlements (after tax) 
   
   
 (5,316 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (5,316 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 542,939 
    
   
 $ 
 528,472 
    
   
 $ 
 529,324 
    
   
 $ 
 14,467 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
 $ 
 (852) 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
 Retrospectively adjusted to give effect to the reorganization of segments described in  Note 14  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .
 
 
 
 ** 
 See the discussion of  Realized Gains and Losses  in this report.      
 Torchmark’s operations on a segment-by-segment basis are discussed in depth under the appropriate captions following in this report.
       Summary of Operations:     Net
income was $543 million in 2014, compared with $528 million in 2013. Net income declined slightly in 2013 from $529 million in 2012. On a diluted per share basis, 2014 net income rose 8% to $4.09 after a 5% increase in 2013. Net income per diluted
share in 2013 rose to $3.79 from $3.60 in 2012. The per-share results have exceeded the growth in dollar amounts due to our share repurchase program. Also, each year’s per share net income was affected by realized investment gains, which were
$0.12, $0.03, and $0.17 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. More information concerning realized investment gains and losses can be found under the caption  Realized Gains and Losses  in this report where there is a more complete discussion.
Also, as explained in  Note 14—Business Segments  in the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements , we do not consider realized gains and losses to be a component of our core insurance operations or operating segments.
Additionally, we do not consider non-operating items which are not related to the current ongoing reporting performance of our segments as indicated in the chart above to be part of our segment operating income.  
     As shown in the above chart, after-tax segment results of operations
rose each year over the prior year from $507 million in 2012 to $531 million in 2013 to $534 million in 2014. The primary contributor to the growth in both 2014 and 2013 was the underwriting margin in our life insurance segment, in which
margins rose $11 million in 2014 and $36 million in 2013. The life insurance segment is our strongest segment and is the largest contributor to earnings in each year presented. Also contributing to growth in income in both years was our health
insurance segment, which provided $3 million of additional margin in 2014 and $33 million in 2013. The 2013 larger increase in health margin was primarily due to the inclusion of Family Heritage’s health business for a full year since
its acquisition in late 2012. Family Heritage accounted for $32 million of the increase in 2013 margin. Margins for the Medicare Part D segment declined 23% in 2014 to $27 million, primarily due to two costly Hepatitis C drugs which were not
required to be covered until well after our 2014 pricing was finalized, as discussed more fully later in this report.      
 Excess investment income, the measure of profitability of our investment segment, increased to $225 million or 3% over the prior year amount of $219
million. This was the first time in four years the dollar  
      18  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
amount of excess investment income exceeded the prior year’s amount. In 2013, excess investment income declined 8%. Although interest rates rebounded slightly during the first half of 2014,
the low interest rate environment continued to pressure investment yields and spreads related to required interest on net policy liabilities throughout the three-year period. Excess investment income has also been hampered by a lag in government
reimbursement of Medicare Part D costs. The effects of the low-interest-rate environment and the impact of the Part D business on investment income is discussed more fully later in this report under the caption  Investments .  
     The inclusion of Family Heritage’s administrative expenses for a
full year for the first time added $8 million of additional administrative expense in 2013. In addition, in both 2014 and 2013, there were increases in stock compensation expense which negatively affected the results during the year. Stock
compensation increased $7 million in 2014 and $4 million in 2013. These increases in stock compensation expense resulted primarily from the increase in the value of Torchmark’s stock rather than an increase in the number of grants.  
     Total revenues rose 5% in 2014 to $3.96 billion, after having risen 5%
in 2013 to $3.77 billion. Life premium rose 4% or $81 million in 2014 to $1.97 billion. Life premium increased $77 million in 2013 to $1.89 billion. Net investment income rose $16 million in 2013, and rose 3% or $19 million in 2014. Health premium
increased 7% to $1.24 billion in 2014 and contributed $76 million to 2014 revenue growth, after having gained 11% to $1.17 billion in 2013. Health premium contributed $119 million to 2013 revenue growth.  
     Life insurance premium and underwriting margins have grown steadily in
each of the three years ending December 31. The increase in life premium was driven by sales growth and improvements in persistency. While premium and underwriting margins grew, margin as a percent of premium fell slightly in 2014 to 28%, after
increasing from 28% to 29% from 2012 to 2013. These fluctuations were due primarily to changes in mortality. Net life sales increased 12% in 2014 to $378 million after decreasing 1% in 2013. The life insurance segment is discussed further in this
report under the caption  Life Insurance .        With regard
to health insurance, we primarily market Medicare Supplement insurance, other limited-benefit products including cancer, and accident and health products. As noted earlier, 2013 and 2014 health premiums were positively affected by the inclusion of
Family Heritage’s health premium for the full years. The inclusion of Family Heritage also caused our limited-benefit health premium, which is their primary focus, to exceed our Medicare Supplement premium in 2013 for the first time in several
years. Prior to 2013, Medicare Supplement was our largest contributor to total health premium. Limited-benefit health continued to exceed Medicare Supplement in 2014. Limited-benefit health premium was $446 million in 2014, compared with $447
million in 2013. Limited-benefit premium increased 50% over 2012 limited-benefit health premium of $298 million, a result of the inclusion of Family Heritage’s business. Medicare Supplement premium was $423 million in 2014, increasing over the
prior year’s premium for the first time in many years, as lapses exceeded new sales in prior year periods. Medicare Supplement premium was $417 million in 2013 and $432 million in 2012. The increase in 2014 premium resulted from sales in 2014
to certain large groups. Health margins have remained somewhat stable as a percentage of premium throughout the three-year period. See the discussion under  Health Insurance  for a more detailed discussion of health insurance results.
       We also market Medicare Part D prescription drug insurance.
Our Medicare Part D premium rose 16% in 2014 to $348 million, compared with $300 million in 2013 and $318 million in 2012. The higher premiums in both 2014 and 2012 were due to higher levels of low-income auto-enrollees in our plans for those years.
Due to increased competition in the 2013 plan year, we experienced a decrease in 2013 Part D premium. Medicare Part D margins were negatively impacted in 2014, however, by several factors, including two high cost Hepatitis C drugs, the coverage of
which was mandated by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) in early 2014, well after our 2014 pricing was finalized, new taxes under the Affordable Care Act, and other higher drug costs due to rebate restructuring. As a percentage of
premium, margins fell from 12% in 2013 to 8% in 2014. For the 2015 plan year, we will have a significantly lower number of auto-enrollees which should reduce our exposure to Hepatitis C drug claims, because approximately 85% of these claims in 2014
were related to auto-enrollees. For more information on our Medicare Part D business, please refer to our discussion under the caption  Medicare Part D .  
      19  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  We do not currently market annuities. See the caption  Annuities  for discussion of the Annuity
segment.        The investment segment’s pretax
profitability, or excess investment income, is based on three major components: net investment income, required interest on net policy liabilities (interest applicable to insurance products), and financing costs. In 2014, net investment income rose
3%, compared with 2% in 2013. As we view our segments, net investment income rose 3% in both periods. At the same time, our investment portfolio grew 3% and 9% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. In recent years, net investment income has not grown as
fast as the portfolio. One reason that investment income has grown at a lower rate than mean invested assets has grown in recent years is that new investments have been made at yield rates lower than the yield rates earned on securities that matured
or were otherwise disposed of. Also, there is sometimes a lag between the time when proceeds from maturities and dispositions are received and when the proceeds are reinvested, during which the funds are held in cash. Growth in total investment
income is also somewhat negatively affected by Torchmark’s share repurchase program (described later under this caption), which has diverted cash that could have otherwise been used to acquire investments. In 2014, net investment income was
negatively impacted by events affecting our Medicare Part D business. Under the program, we are required to cover certain claim costs in the current period that are the federal government’s responsibility, but are not reimbursed until late in
the next calendar year. This delay in reimbursement substantially reduced our funds available for investment in 2014, with the result of reduced investment income in 2014 and 2015.  
     The interest required on net policy liabilities is
deducted from net investment income, and generally grows in conjunction with the net policy liabilities that are supported by the invested assets. The lower new-money yields resulting from the low-interest-rate environment noted above have
compressed excess investment income as required interest has continued to grow at approximately the same rate that net policy liabilities have grown. We have implemented certain strategies to offset this effect, including increasing premium rates on
sales of new products as discussed under the caption  Investments . Financing costs, which consist of the interest required for debt service on our long and short-term debt, are also deducted from net investment income. Financing costs in 2013
were stable at $80 million, but declined 5% in 2014. The 2014 decline resulted from the maturity and repayment in 2013 of our $94.5 million principal amount
7  3 / 8 % Notes.      
 Torchmark’s current investment policy regarding fixed maturities limits new fixed maturity acquisitions to investment-grade securities
generally with longer maturities (often exceeding twenty years) that meet our quality and yield objectives. Approximately 97% of our invested assets at fair value consist of fixed maturities of which 96% were investment grade at December 31,
2014. The average quality rating of the portfolio was A-. The portfolio contains no securities backed by sub prime or  Alt-A  mortgages, no direct investment in residential mortgages, no counterparty risks, no
credit default swaps, or other derivative contracts. See the analysis of excess investment income and investment activities under the caption  Investments  in this report and  N ote   4—Investments  in the  Notes to
Consolidated Statements of Operations  for a more detailed discussion of this segment.      
 In 2012 and 2013, we engaged in a debt restructuring program which resulted in a reduction in financing costs. We issued two
new debt offerings during 2012: our $300 million principal amount 3.8% Senior Notes due 2022 and our $125 million principal amount 5.875% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2052, both issued in September. Proceeds from the Senior Notes were $297
million, but $150 million were purchased by our insurance subsidiaries and were eliminated in consolidation. Proceeds from this offering provided funding for the retirement of our 7  3 / 8 %
Senior Notes, which matured and were repaid in August, 2013, and for the acquisition of Family Heritage in November, 2012. The $121 million net proceeds from the Subordinated Debentures were used to fund the call of our $120 million principal amount
7.1% Trust Originated Preferred Securities in October, 2012. More information on these transactions can be found in  Note 6—Acquisition  and  Note 11—Debt  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  and in our
discussion of  Capital Resources  in this report.      
 In each of the years 2012 through 2014, net income was affected by certain significant, unusual, and nonrecurring nonoperating items. We do not view
these items as components of core operating results because they are not indicative of past performance or future prospects of the insurance operations. As reported in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  in the  Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements   
      20  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
under the caption  Settlements , we were involved in certain issues in which we incurred settlement losses and expenses. In connection with the 2012 purchase of Family Heritage, as described
in  Note 6 — Acquisition , we incurred $2.9 million of acquisition-related expenses ($1.9 million after tax). During 2013, Torchmark incurred a state guaranty fund assessment in the amount of $1.2 million ($751 thousand
after tax), resulting from events in years prior to 2012. Also in 2013, we resolved a legal matter related to a non-insurance issue in the amount of $500 thousand ($325 thousand after tax), and settled additional litigation related to prior years in
the amount of $8.6 million ($5.6 million after tax). During 2014, Torchmark accrued for certain litigation matters in the net amount of $3.7 million ($2.4 million after tax) that were not directly related to its insurance operations. Additionally,
Torchmark received $1.3 million ($853 thousand after tax) in settlement of litigation regarding investments. Also in 2014, the Company recorded $8.2 million in administrative settlements ($5.3 million after tax) related to benefits paid for deaths
occurring in prior years where claims were not filed. All of these items have been expensed in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations . However, as described in  Note 1 , we remove items such as these that relate to prior periods or
are non-operating items when evaluating the results of current operations, and therefore exclude such matters from our segment analysis for current periods.      
 Torchmark has in place an ongoing share repurchase program which began in 1986. With no specified authorization amount, we determine the amount of
repurchases based on the amount of the Company’s excess cash flow, general market conditions, and other alternative uses. The majority of these purchases are made from excess operating cash flow. Additionally, when stock options are exercised,
proceeds from these exercises and the tax benefit are used to repurchase additional shares on the open market to minimize dilution as a result of the option exercises. The Board of Directors has authorized the Company’s share repurchase program
in amounts and with timing that management, in consultation with the Board, determines to be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. The following chart summarizes share purchase activity for each of the three years ended December
31, 2014.        Analysis of Share Purchases  
 (Amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013* 
   
    
 2012* 
   
 
   Purchases 
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Shares 
   
    
 Amount 
   


 
   Excess cash flow and borrowings 
    
   
 7,155 
    
    
 $ 
 375,042 
    
    
   
 8,280 
    
    
 $ 
 360,001 
    
    
   
 11,219 
    
    
 $ 
 360,490 
    
 
   Option proceeds 
    
   
 1,394 
    
    
   
 74,266 
    
    
   
 2,789 
    
    
   
 122,263 
    
    
   
 6,438 
    
    
   
 209,675 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
   
 8,549 
    
    
 $ 
 449,308 
    
    
   
 11,069 
    
    
 $ 
 482,264 
    
    
   
 17,657 
    
    
 $ 
 570,165 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
   
 Share purchases for the years 2013 and 2012 have been retrospectively adjusted for the three-for-two stock split effective July 1, 2014.  
     Option proceeds were unusually high in 2012 due to option holders
exercising several years of option grants that expired in 2012.        Throughout the remainder of this discussion, share purchases refer only to those made from excess cash flow and borrowings.      
 A discussion of each of Torchmark’s segments follows. The following discussions are presented in the manner we view our operations, as
described in  Note 14—Business Segments .  
      21  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Life Insurance.     Life insurance is our largest insurance segment, with
2014 life premium representing 62% of total premium. Life underwriting income before other income and administrative expense represented 71% of the total in 2014. Additionally, investments supporting the reserves for life products produce the
majority of excess investment income attributable to the investment segment.        Life insurance premium rose 4% to $1.97 billion in 2014 after having increased 4% in 2013 to $1.89 billion. Life insurance products are marketed through several distribution channels. Premium income by
channel for each of the last three years is as follows:      
 LIFE INSURANCE    Premium by
Distribution Method    (Dollar amounts in thousands)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   


 
   American Income Exclusive Agency 
    
 $ 
 766,458 
    
    
   
 39 
 %  
   
 $ 
 715,366 
    
    
   
 38 
 %  
   
 $ 
 663,696 
    
    
   
 37 
 %  
 
   Direct Response 
    
   
 702,023 
    
    
   
 36 
    
   
   
 663,544 
    
    
   
 35 
    
   
   
 630,111 
    
    
   
 35 
    
 
   Liberty National Exclusive Agency 
    
   
 272,265 
    
    
   
 14 
    
   
   
 275,980 
    
    
   
 15 
    
   
   
 281,723 
    
    
   
 15 
    
 
   Other Agencies 
    
   
 225,554 
    
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 230,442 
    
    
   
 12 
    
   
   
 232,994 
    
    
   
 13 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,966,300 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,885,332 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,808,524 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       We use three statistical measures as
indicators of premium growth and sales over the near term: “annualized premium in force,” “net sales,” and “first-year collected premium.” Annualized premium in force is defined as the premium income that would be
received over the following twelve months at any given date on all active policies if those policies remain in force throughout the twelve-month period. Annualized premium in force is an indicator of potential growth in premium revenue. Net sales is
annualized premium issued, net of cancellations in the first thirty days after issue, except in the case of Direct Response where net sales is annualized premium issued at the time the first full premium is paid after any introductory offer period
has expired. We believe that net sales is a superior indicator of the rate of premium growth relative to annualized premium issued. First-year collected premium is defined as the premium collected during the reporting period for all policies in
their first policy year. First-year collected premium takes lapses into account in the first year when lapses are more likely to occur, and thus is a useful indicator of how much new premium is expected to be added to premium income in the future.
       Annualized life premium in force was $2.04 billion at
December 31, 2014, an increase of 5% over $1.96 billion a year earlier. Annualized life premium in force was $1.90 billion at December 31, 2012.      
 The following table shows net sales information for each of the last three years by distribution method.  
     LIFE INSURANCE  
 Net Sales by Distribution Method  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   


 
   American Income Exclusive Agency 
    
 $ 
 172,271 
    
    
   
 45 
 %  
   
 $ 
 152,646 
    
    
   
 45 
 %  
   
 $ 
 158,609 
    
    
   
 46 
 %  
 
   Direct Response 
    
   
 158,089 
    
    
   
 42 
    
   
   
 144,363 
    
    
   
 43 
    
   
   
 140,928 
    
    
   
 41 
    
 
   Liberty National Exclusive Agency 
    
   
 34,402 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 31,050 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 32,296 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Other Agencies 
    
   
 13,492 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 11,000 
    
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 11,331 
    
    
   
 3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 378,254 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 339,059 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 343,164 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      22  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  The table below discloses first-year collected life premium by distribution channel.  
     LIFE INSURANCE  
 First-Year Collected Premium by Distribution Method    (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   


 
   American Income Exclusive Agency 
    
 $ 
 134,202 
    
    
   
 50 
 %  
   
 $ 
 127,978 
    
    
   
 50 
 %  
   
 $ 
 126,223 
    
    
   
 49 
 %  
 
   Direct Response 
    
   
 100,287 
    
    
   
 37 
    
   
   
 93,089 
    
    
   
 36 
    
   
   
 93,374 
    
    
   
 37 
    
 
   Liberty National Exclusive Agency 
    
   
 25,777 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 25,580 
    
    
   
 10 
    
   
   
 26,533 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Other Agencies 
    
   
 10,473 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 9,962 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 9,660 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 270,739 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 256,609 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 255,790 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       The  American Income Exclusive
Agency  has historically focused primarily on marketing to members of labor unions. While the labor union market is still the backbone of American Income’s business, the agency has diversified in recent years by focusing heavily on other
affinity groups and referrals to help to ensure sustainable growth. It is Torchmark’s highest margin business. The American Income Agency was also the largest contributor to life premium and net sales of any Torchmark distribution method in
2014. Life premium for this agency rose 7% to $766 million, after having risen 8% in 2013. Net sales rose 13% in 2014 to $172 million, after having declined 4% in 2013. Net sales rose 12% in 2012. The average face amount of policies issued in 2014
was approximately $30 thousand. As is the case with all of Torchmark’s agency distribution systems, continued increases in product sales are largely dependent on increases in agent count. The American Income agent count was 6,434 at December
31, 2014 compared with 5,302 a year earlier, an increase of 21%. The agent count increased 2% in 2013 and 18% in 2012. The average agent count for 2014 was 5,868. The average agent count is based on the actual count at the end of each week during
the year. Management’s primary objective is to grow middle management in the agency to help ensure sustainable growth. This is being achieved through an increased emphasis on agent training programs and financial incentives that appropriately
reward agents at all levels for helping develop and train personnel. We have also begun providing more home-office and webinar training programs. These programs are designed to provide each agent, from new recruits to top level managers, coaching
and instruction specifically designed for each individual’s level of experience and responsibilities. We believe that these initiatives will continue to promote enthusiasm in the field and will drive increases in agent retention and sales
activity.        The  Direct Response Unit  offers adult and
juvenile life insurance through a variety of direct-to-consumer marketing approaches, which include direct mailings, insert media, and electronic media. These different approaches support and complement one another in the unit’s efforts to
reach the consumer. The Direct Response Unit’s growth has been fueled by constant innovation. In recent years, electronic media production has grown rapidly as management has aggressively increased marketing activities related to internet and
mobile technology, and has focused on driving traffic to the inbound call center.        While the juvenile market is an important source of sales, it also is a vehicle to reach the parents and grandparents of the juvenile policyholders, who are more likely to respond favorably to a Direct Response
solicitation for life coverage on themselves than is the general adult population. Also, both the juvenile policyholders and their parents are low acquisition-cost targets for sales of additional coverage over time.  
     The Direct Response operation accounted for 36% of our life insurance
premium during 2014, increasing 6% over 2013 premium. Life premium for this unit rose 5% in 2013 and 6% in 2012. Net sales rose 10% to $158 million in 2014 after a 2% increase in 2013, due to growth in electronic media activity. First-year collected
premium increased 8% to $100 million in 2014 and was flat in 2013 compared to 2012. The average face amount of policies issued in 2014 was approximately $17 thousand.  
      23  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  The  Liberty National Exclusive Agency  markets individual and group life insurance to
middle-income customers. Life premium income for this agency was $272 million in 2014, a 1% decrease compared with $276 million in 2013. Life premium declined 2% in 2013 from 2012. First year collected premium increased 1% in 2014, however, after
having declined 4% in 2013. The average face amount of life policies issued in 2014 was approximately $23 thousand.      
 The Liberty National Agency’s net sales rose 11% to $34 million in 2014, after having declined 4% a year earlier. The increase in net sales
during 2014 marks the first increase in several years, reflecting changes in structure of the agency that management has put in place in recent years. As is the case with all of our agencies, sales are driven by the size of the agent force. The
Liberty agency had 1,498 producing agents at December 31, 2014 compared with 1,430 a year earlier, an increase of 5%. The producing agent count increased 1% during 2013 from 1,419. The average agent count for 2014 was 1,505. Agent counts declined
during the fourth quarter of 2014 as the agency focused somewhat less on recruiting, due to the increased emphasis on annual worksite renewals.      
 Our long term plans to grow this agency involve expansion from small-town markets in the southeast to more densely populated areas with larger pools
of potential agent recruits and customers. We believe that expansion of this Agency’s presence into more heavily populated, less-penetrated areas will help create long term agency growth. Additionally, a prospecting training program has helped
to improve the ability of agents to develop new worksite marketing business.        We also offer life insurance through  Other Agencies  consisting of the Military Agency, the United American Independent Agency, and other small sales agencies. The Military Agency consists of a nationwide
independent agency whose sales force is comprised primarily of former military officers who sell primarily to commissioned and noncommissioned military officers and their families. This business consists of whole-life products with term insurance
riders. Military premium represented 9% of life premium at December 31, 2014. The United American Independent Agency represented approximately 1% of Torchmark’s total life premium at that date, as their sales of Torchmark products consist
primarily of health insurance.        LIFE INSURANCE
   Summary of Results    (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   


 
   Premium and policy charges 
    
 $ 
 1,966,300 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,885,332 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 1,808,524 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Policy obligations 
    
   
 1,293,384 
    
   
   
 66 
    
   
   
 1,227,857 
    
   
   
 65 
    
   
   
 1,172,020 
    
   
   
 65 
    
 
   Required interest on reserves 
    
   
 (530,192 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (508,236 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
   
   
 (483,892 
 )  
   
   
 (27 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net policy obligations 
    
   
 763,192 
    
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 719,621 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 688,128 
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
   Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 
    
   
 143,174 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 131,721 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 137,115 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Amortization of acquisition costs 
    
   
 503,445 
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
   
 488,931 
    
   
   
 26 
    
   
   
 473,805 
    
   
   
 26 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expense 
    
   
 1,409,811 
    
   
   
 72 
    
   
   
 1,340,273 
    
   
   
 71 
    
   
   
 1,299,048 
    
   
   
 72 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Insurance underwriting margin before other income and administrative expenses 
    
 $ 
 556,489 
    
   
   
 28 
 %  
   
 $ 
 545,059 
    
   
   
 29 
 %  
   
 $ 
 509,476 
    
   
   
 28 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Gross margins, as indicated by
insurance underwriting margin before other income and administrative expense, rose 2% in 2014 and 7% in 2013. The margin increased to $556 million in 2014 after rising to $545 million in 2013. The steady growth in premium contributed to margin
growth in all periods. As a percentage of premium, however, an increase in policy obligations resulted in a slightly lower margin in 2014. Policy obligations fluctuate from period to period as a result of mortality. In both 2013 and 2014, percentage
margins were positively affected by our conservation program and the permitted increases in the deferrals of our internet-related direct response acquisition costs.  
      24  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Health Insurance.     Health insurance sold by Torchmark includes primarily
Medicare Supplement coverage to enrollees in the federal Medicare program, cancer coverage, accident coverage, and other limited-benefit supplemental health products. As discussed in  Note 14—Business Segments  in the  Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements , Medicare Part D is now reported as a separate Torchmark segment and is no longer included in the discussion of Torchmark’s other health products. See the discussion of  Medicare Part D  later in this
report. In this discussion of health business, all health coverage plans other than Medicare Supplement are classified here as limited-benefit plans.      
 Health premium represented 27% of Torchmark’s total premium income in 2014, compared with 28% in 2013 and 26% in 2012. Health underwriting
margin accounted for 25% of the total in 2014, compared with 25% in 2013 and 23% in 2012. Health results in 2014 and 2013 were positively affected by the late 2012 addition of Family Heritage. Family Heritage added $205 million and $191 million of
health premium in 2014 and 2013, respectively, compared with $30 million in 2012. The following table indicates health insurance premium income by distribution channel for each of the last three years.  
     HEALTH INSURANCE  
 Premium by Distribution Method  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   


 
   United American Independent Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
 $ 
 19,028 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 24,173 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 26,377 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 286,340 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 274,125 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 272,382 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 305,368 
    
    
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 298,298 
    
    
   
 35 
 %  
   
   
 298,759 
    
    
   
 41 
 %  
 
   Liberty National Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 143,722 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 152,415 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 162,607 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 78,295 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 88,849 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 100,928 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 222,017 
    
    
   
 25 
    
   
   
 241,264 
    
    
   
 28 
    
   
   
 263,535 
    
    
   
 36 
    
 
   American Income Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 78,244 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 78,862 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 78,957 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 478 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 573 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 683 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 78,722 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 79,435 
    
    
   
 9 
    
   
   
 79,640 
    
    
   
 11 
    
 
   Family Heritage Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 204,667 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 190,923 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 30,119 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 204,667 
    
    
   
 24 
    
   
   
 190,923 
    
    
   
 22 
    
   
   
 30,119 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Direct Response 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 805 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 313 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 341 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 57,861 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 53,585 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 57,625 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 58,666 
    
    
   
 7 
    
   
   
 53,898 
    
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 57,966 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
   Total Premium 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 446,466 
    
    
   
 51 
    
   
   
 446,686 
    
    
   
 52 
    
   
   
 298,401 
    
    
   
 41 
    
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 422,974 
    
    
   
 49 
    
   
   
 417,132 
    
    
   
 48 
    
   
   
 431,618 
    
    
   
 59 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Premium 
    
 $ 
 869,440 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 863,818 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 730,019 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      25  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  We market supplemental health insurance products through a number of distribution channels. The
following table presents net sales by distribution method for the last three years.        HEALTH INSURANCE    Net Sales by Distribution Method  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   


 
   United American Independent Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
 $ 
 873 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 916 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 989 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 82,971 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 40,512 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 41,218 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 83,844 
    
    
   
 46 
 %  
   
   
 41,428 
    
    
   
 38 
 %  
   
   
 42,207 
    
    
   
 54 
 %  
 
   Liberty National Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 17,084 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 13,906 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 14,274 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 299 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 394 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 818 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 17,383 
    
    
   
 10 
    
   
   
 14,300 
    
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 15,092 
    
    
   
 19 
    
 
   American Income Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 9,162 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 6,985 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 8,695 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 9,162 
    
    
   
 5 
    
   
   
 6,985 
    
    
   
 6 
    
   
   
 8,695 
    
    
   
 11 
    
 
   Family Heritage Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 47,102 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 43,520 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 7,441 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 47,102 
    
    
   
 26 
    
   
   
 43,520 
    
    
   
 39 
    
   
   
 7,441 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Direct Response 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 6 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 591 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 727 
    
    
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 23,099 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 3,685 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 3,876 
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 23,105 
    
    
   
 13 
    
   
   
 4,276 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4,603 
    
    
   
 6 
    
 
   Total Net Sales 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 74,227 
    
    
   
 41 
    
   
   
 65,918 
    
    
   
 60 
    
   
   
 32,126 
    
    
   
 41 
    
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 106,369 
    
    
   
 59 
    
   
   
 44,591 
    
    
   
 40 
    
   
   
 45,912 
    
    
   
 59 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total Net Sales 
    
 $ 
 180,596 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 110,509 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 78,038 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      26  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  The following table discloses first-year collected health premium by distribution method.  
     HEALTH INSURANCE  
 First-Year Collected Premium by Distribution Method    (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   


 
   United American Independent Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
 $ 
 710 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 795 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 838 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 49,519 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 38,399 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 33,176 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 50,229 
    
    
   
 42 
 %  
   
   
 39,194 
    
   
   
 39 
 %  
   
   
 34,014 
    
   
   
 50 
 %  
 
   Liberty National Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 13,132 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 12,010 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13,105 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 306 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 558 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,127 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 13,438 
    
    
   
 11 
    
   
   
 12,568 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 14,232 
    
   
   
 21 
    
 
   American Income Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 9,500 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 8,957 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,364 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 9,500 
    
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 8,957 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 10,364 
    
   
   
 15 
    
 
   Family Heritage Exclusive Agency 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 36,392 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 36,340 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 5,710 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 0 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 36,392 
    
    
   
 31 
    
   
   
 36,340 
    
   
   
 36 
    
   
   
 5,710 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Direct Response 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 143 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 544 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 623 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 9,196 
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
 3,310 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,714 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 9,339 
    
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 3,854 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4,337 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Total First-Year Collected Premium 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Limited-benefit plans 
    
   
 59,877 
    
    
   
 50 
    
   
   
 58,646 
    
   
   
 58 
    
   
   
 30,640 
    
   
   
 45 
    
 
   Medicare Supplement 
    
   
 59,021 
    
    
   
 50 
    
   
   
 42,267 
    
   
   
 42 
    
   
   
 38,017 
    
   
   
 55 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total  
    
 $ 
 118,898 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 100,913 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 68,657 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Health premium, rose 1% to $869 million
in 2014, after having increased 18% in 2013 to $864 million. However, if the premium of Family Heritage were removed for comparability in 2013 and 2012, health premium would have declined 4% in 2013. The decline in 2013 premium resulted primarily
from a run-off of a block of discontinued hospital-surgical plans. This runoff had been ongoing for a number of years. In 2014, this runoff is thought to have substantially run its course. Net sales increased 63% in 2014 to $181 million, after
having increased 42% in 2013. The 2014 increase was caused by the more than double growth in Medicare Supplement sales. These sales occurred in both the United American Independent Agency and in the Direct Response Group. These increases were
primarily the result of strong group sales of Medicare Supplement which can vary significantly from period to period. The 2013 increase was primarily a result of the acquisition of Family Heritage, which contributed $44 million to the growth in
2013 compared with $7 million in 2012. First-year collected premium increased 18% in 2014 and 47% in 2013, as a result of the increased sales in both 2014 and 2013, and the addition of Family Heritage first-year premium for a full year in 2013
for the first time.        The addition of Family Heritage’s
sales and premium from limited-benefit products has resulted in limited-benefit health premium exceeding Medicare Supplement premium income in 2013 for the first time in several years and continuing to lead in premium in 2014. However, due to
increased Medicare Supplement group sales, Medicare Supplement net sales exceeded limited-benefit net sales in 2014. Limited-benefit premium represented 51% of total health premium in 2014 and 52% in 2013, but represented 41% in 2012. However, as
noted above, Medicare Supplement sales rose 139% to $106  
      27  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
million in 2014 due to the high group sales, which represented 59% of net health sales in 2014. Medicare Supplement sales were 40% of the total in 2013 and 59% in 2012. As mentioned previously,
group Medicare Supplement sales fluctuate significantly from period to period.        We do not expect recent health care reform activity to have a significant impact on our operations. We don’t sell any products subject to the Affordable Care Act, and don’t believe
that consumer demand for the types of supplemental health products we sell will be diminished. While we will be subject to certain federal taxes on a small portion of our existing health business going forward, we don’t expect the amount of
these taxes to be material.        The  UA Independent
Agency  is Torchmark’s largest in terms of health premium income, producing 35% of health premium in 2014. This Agency is composed of independent agencies appointed with Torchmark whose sizes range from very large, multi-state organizations
down to one-person offices. All of these agents generally sell for a number of insurance companies. Torchmark had 3,161 active producing agents at December 31, 2014 compared with 2,414 a year earlier. This Agency is our largest producer of Medicare
Supplement insurance, with $286 million or 68% of our Medicare Supplement premium income in 2014. Net sales for this Agency were $84 million in 2014, consisting almost entirely of Medicare Supplement business. These net sales were more than
double the net sales of $41 million in 2013. In 2013, they had declined 2%. Total health premium income for the UA Independent Agency was $305 million in 2014, an increase of 2% from $298 million in 2013. Premium income had declined very
slightly in 2013.        The  Family Heritage Exclusive
Agency  was acquired by Torchmark’s acquisition of Family Heritage on November 1, 2012 as discussed in  Note 6—Acquisition  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . This agency markets primarily limited-benefit
supplemental health insurance in non-urban areas. Most of their policies include a cash-back feature, such as a return-of-premium, whereby any excess of premiums over claims paid is returned to the policyholder at the end of a specified period
stated within the insurance policy. The Family Heritage Agency is our largest agency in terms of limited-benefit health net sales, adding $47 million in net sales in 2014, compared with $44 million in 2013, an increase of 8%. This agency’s $205
million in health premium income during 2014 represented 24% of Torchmark’s total. Premium in 2014 increased 7% over 2013 premium of $191 million. The producing agent count was 785 agents at December 31, 2014, compared with 695 agents at
December 31, 2013. The average agent count for 2014 was 740. The agent count was 702 at December 31, 2012. Management expects to grow this agency going forward through geographic expansion and incorporation of Torchmark’s recruiting
programs.        The  Liberty National Exclusive Agency 
represented 25% of all Torchmark health premium income at $222 million in 2014. The Liberty Agency markets limited-benefit health supplemental products consisting primarily of cancer insurance. Much of the Liberty’s health business is now
generated through worksite marketing which targets small businesses of 10 to 25 employees. In 2014, health premium income in the Agency declined 8% from prior year premium of $241 million, after also declining 8% in 2013. These premium declines were
due primarily to the runoff of a block of discontinued hospital-surgical business as well as an earlier restructuring of this Agency to a variable-cost, commission-driven model. The Liberty Agency experienced growth in net health sales in 2014 of
22% to $17 million. The agent count at Liberty was 1,498 at 2014 year end, an increase of 5% over year end 2013 and 6% over year end 2012.      
 The  American Income Exclusive Agency,  predominantly a life insurance distribution channel, was our fourth largest health insurance
distributor based on premium income in 2014. Its health plans are comprised of various limited-benefit plans. Approximately 68% of the agency’s 2014 health premium was from accident policies. Sales of the plans by this Agency are generally made
in conjunction with a life policy being sold to the same customer.        Health premium at this agency was $79 million in both 2014 and 2013. In 2013, it had declined slightly from $80 million. However, health net sales rose 31% in 2014 to $9 million, after falling 20% in 2013 to
$7 million. Because this agency focuses on life products, health net sales comprised only 5% of the American Income Agency’s total net sales in 2014.  
      28  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Direct Response , primarily a life operation, also offers health insurance, which is
predominantly Medicare Supplements sold directly to employer or union sponsored groups. In 2014, net health sales were $23 million, compared with $4 million in 2013 and $5 million in 2012. The large increase in Direct Response net sales in 2014 was
due to the addition of a large Medicare Supplement group, which is not indicative of a trend. In 2014, health net sales for this group represented approximately 13% of Direct Response’s total life and health net sales. Direct Response health
premium income was $59 million in 2014, increasing 9% over 2013 premium of $54 million. Health premium declined 7% in 2013.      
 As presented in the following table, Torchmark’s health insurance underwriting margin before other income and administrative expense increased
1% to $199 million in 2014, after an increase of 20% to $197 million in 2013. Family Heritage contributed $32 million of the $33 million 2013 increase. As a percentage of premium income, margins were 23% in both 2014 and 2013 as compared with 22% in
2012.        HEALTH INSURANCE  
 Summary of Results    (Dollar
amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   


 
   Premium 
    
 $ 
 869,440 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 863,818 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 730,019 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Policy obligations 
    
   
 559,817 
    
   
   
 64 
    
   
   
 558,982 
    
   
   
 65 
    
   
   
 472,988 
    
   
   
 65 
    
 
   Required interest on reserves 
    
   
 (64,401 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (59,858 
 )  
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 (40,963 
 )  
   
   
 (6 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net policy obligations 
    
   
 495,416 
    
   
   
 57 
    
   
   
 499,124 
    
   
   
 58 
    
   
   
 432,025 
    
   
   
 59 
    
 
   Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 
    
   
 79,475 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 75,895 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 52,625 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Amortization of acquisition costs 
    
   
 95,230 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
   
 92,292 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 81,385 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expense 
    
   
 670,121 
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
   
 667,311 
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
   
 566,035 
    
   
   
 78 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Insurance underwriting income before other income and administrative expense 
    
 $ 
 199,319 
    
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
 $ 
 196,507 
    
   
   
 23 
 %  
   
 $ 
 163,984 
    
   
   
 22 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      29  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Medicare Part D.     Torchmark, through its subsidiary United American,
offers coverage under the government’s Medicare Part D plan. The Medicare Part D plan is a stand-alone prescription drug plan for Medicare beneficiaries. Part D is regulated and partially funded by CMS for participating private insurers like
United American. Under Part D, private carriers are the primary insurers, while CMS provides significant premium subsidies and reinsurance. Our Medicare Part D product is sold through the Direct Response operation and to groups through the UA
Independent Agency.        Medicare Part D  
 Selected Financial Information  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 Amount 
   


 
 
 Premium (1) 
    
 $ 
 347,805 
    
    
 $ 
 300,008 
    
    
 $ 
 317,764 
    
 
   Net
sales (2) 
    
   
 186,170 
    
    
   
 78,698 
    
    
   
 114,489 
    
 
   First-year collected premium (3) 
    
   
 94,982 
    
    
   
 66,209 
    
    
   
 153,509 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Total Medicare Part D premium excludes $25.5 million and $2.6 million of risk-sharing premium received in 2014 and 2013, respectively, and $404 thousand in 2012 of risk-sharing
premium paid to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services consistent with the Medicare Part D contract. This risk-sharing amount is a portion of the excess or deficiency of actual over expected claims, and therefore we view this payment as a
component of policyholder benefits in our segment analysis.  
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Net sales for Medicare Part D represents only new first-time enrollees.  
 
 
 (3) 
   
 First-year collected premium for Medicare Part D represents only premium collected within the first twelve months from new first-time enrollees.  
     Total Medicare Part D premium was $348 million in 2014, compared with
$300 million in 2013 and $318 million in 2012. Part D net sales were $186 million in 2014, compared with $79 million in 2013 and $114 million in 2012. The unusual increase in 2014 net sales was due to the addition in 2014 of the auto-enrollees as
noted below. We count only sales to new first-time enrollees in net sales, and the majority of premium income is from previous enrollees. Total enrollees in the program were 269 thousand at the beginning of the 2014 plan year, 254 thousand at the
beginning of the 2013 plan year, and 215 thousand at the beginning of the 2012 plan year.        Changes in Part D premium generally result from changes in the number of enrollees, which are heavily influenced by new sales. In 2012, the Company issued a new lower cost Part D plan allowing us to pick up a large
number of auto-enrollees in 21 regions with resulting higher sales. In 2013, due to intensified price competition, we qualified for new low-income auto-enrollees in only 7 regions but were able to keep prior year auto-enrollees in 14 regions and
maintain our presence in 21 regions. In 2014, Torchmark qualified to receive new Part D auto-enrollees in 15 regions and also qualified to retain prior year auto-enrollees in 8 regions, for a total of 23 regions. These variations in the number of
new auto-enrollees caused the changes in Part D net sales, premium, and enrollee counts, including the large increases in 2014 and the declines in 2013. The 2013 decline was also influenced by the loss of several employer group Part D cases at the
end of 2012.        As presented in the following table, margins
decreased 23% in 2014 to $27 million, even though premium rose 16%. Premiums were increased for the year 2014 to cover higher anticipated non-deferred acquisition expenses. As such, we expected significantly lower obligation ratios in 2014. However,
due primarily to unexpected costs related to two Hepatitis C drugs, the coverage of which was mandated by CMS Administration early in 2014, well after our 2014 pricing was finalized, the obligation ratios for 2014 increased from 82% to 83%.
Non-deferred acquisition cost ratios were significantly higher, as planned in our pricing, due to (1) new taxes imposed by the Affordable Care Act, (2) higher costs related to a change in the structure of drug rebates, and (3) higher costs related
to the increased volume of enrollees. As a percentage of premium, underwriting margin for 2014 fell to 8%, compared with 12% for 2013. In 2013, margins increased 6% to $35 million, even though premium declined 6%. As a percentage of premium, margins
rose from 10% to 12%. The benefit ratio declined 2%, as a result of lower claims experience in the group market in 2013. Group Part D claims tend to fluctuate from year to year.  
      30  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Medicare Part D    Summary of Results    (Dollar amounts in thousands)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Premium 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Premium 
   
   
 Amount 
   
    
 % of Premium 
   


 
 
 Premium (1) 
    
 $ 
 347,805 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 300,008 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 317,764 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Policy obligations 
    
   
 290,341 
    
    
   
 83 
    
   
   
 247,496 
    
    
   
 82 
    
   
   
 266,957 
    
    
   
 84 
    
 
   Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 
    
   
 26,613 
    
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 14,027 
    
    
   
 5 
    
   
   
 14,498 
    
    
   
 5 
    
 
   Amortization of acquisition costs 
    
   
 3,585 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 3,185 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 2,952 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total expense 
    
   
 320,539 
    
    
   
 92 
    
   
   
 264,708 
    
    
   
 88 
    
   
   
 284,407 
    
    
   
 90 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Insurance underwriting income before other income and administrative expense 
    
 $ 
 27,266 
    
    
   
 8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 35,300 
    
    
   
 12 
 %  
   
 $ 
 33,357 
    
    
   
 10 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Total Medicare Part D premium excludes $25.5 million and $2.6 million of risk-sharing premium received in 2014 and 2013 respectively, and $404 thousand in 2012 of risk sharing
premium paid to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services consistent with the Medicare Part D contract. This risk-sharing amount is a portion of the excess or deficiency of actual over expected claims, and therefore we view this payment as a
component of policyholder benefits in our segment analysis.        For 2015, we do not expect Hepatitis C claims to have the same negative impact on margins that they had in 2014, as our 2015 pricing reflects the cost of these drugs. In addition, we will have significantly less
auto-enrollees in 2015. Auto-enrollees accounted for approximately 85% of our 2014 Hepatitis C claims.      
 Total enrollees in the program were 249 thousand at the beginning of the 2015 plan year, compared with 269 thousand in 2014. We expect that Part D
margins will be flat to slightly lower in 2015, based on a preliminary analysis of the risk scores and claims history of our 2015 enrollees.      
 We participate in the Medicare Part D program because it complements our Medicare Supplement products, it provides us with incremental income, we
have extensive experience with the senior-age market, and the government assurances with regard to the risk-sharing agreements for participating insurers limit our risk. Additionally, due to our experience with service to the senior-age market and
the use of our existing Direct Response marketing system, entry to this business required little new investment. However, as with any government-sponsored program, the possibility of regulatory changes could change the outlook for this market.
       Annuities.     Our fixed annuity
balances at the end of 2014, 2013, and 2012 were $1.36 billion, $1.38 billion, and $1.35 billion, respectively. Underwriting income was $4.3 million, $3.9 million, and $3.5 million in each of the respective years.
       While the fixed annuity account balance has remained
relatively stable each year over the prior year, underwriting income has increased each year over the prior year. Policy charges have actually declined slightly in each successive year. The majority of policy charges consist of surrender charges
which are not based on account size. A considerable portion of fixed annuity profitability is derived from the spread of investment income exceeding contractual interest requirements, which can result in negative net policy obligations. In the
three-year period, however, spreads tended to level as crediting rates reached guaranteed minimums.        We do not currently market annuity products, favoring instead protection-oriented life and health insurance products. Therefore, we do not expect that annuities will be a significant portion of our business or
marketing strategy going forward.      
      31  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Administrative expenses.     Operating expenses are included in the Other
and Corporate Segments and are classified into two categories: insurance administrative expenses and expenses of the parent company. The following table is an analysis of operating expenses for the three years ended December 31, 2014.
       Operating Expenses Selected Information  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Premium 
   


 
   Insurance administrative expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Salaries 
    
 $ 
 83,625 
    
   
   
 2.6 
 %  
   
 $ 
 82,739 
    
   
   
 2.7 
 %  
   
 $ 
 77,137 
    
   
   
 2.7 
 %  
 
   Non-salary employee costs 
    
   
 28,095 
    
   
   
 0.9 
    
   
   
 33,589 
    
   
   
 1.1 
    
   
   
 28,344 
    
   
   
 1.0 
    
 
   Other administrative expense 
    
   
 57,717 
    
   
   
 1.8 
    
   
   
 52,757 
    
   
   
 1.8 
    
   
   
 51,228 
    
   
   
 1.8 
    
 
   Legal expense—insurance 
    
   
 10,518 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 9,813 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
   
   
 8,696 
    
   
   
 0.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total insurance administrative expenses 
    
   
 179,955 
    
   
   
 5.6 
 %  
   
   
 178,898 
    
   
   
 5.9 
 %  
   
   
 165,405 
    
   
   
 5.8 
 %  
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Parent company expense 
    
   
 8,159 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8,495 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8,222 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Stock compensation expense 
    
   
 32,203 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 25,642 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 21,605 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Litigation settlements 
    
   
 2,337 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 500 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   State Guaranty Fund Assessment 
    
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,155 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition expenses of Family Heritage 
    
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,944 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total operating expenses, per Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
 $ 
 222,654 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 214,690 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 198,176 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Insurance administrative expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase (decrease) over prior year 
    
   
 0.6 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8.2 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4.0 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total operating expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase (decrease) over prior year 
    
   
 3.7 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8.3 
 %  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1.7 
 )%  
   
 
 
 
       Insurance administrative expenses rose
1% in 2014, after having increased 8% in 2013. As a percentage of premium, they increased .1% in 2013 to 5.9%, but declined .3% in 2014 to 5.6%. The inclusion of Family Heritage’s administrative expenses accounted for $8.1 million of the $13.5
million increase in total administrative expense in 2013. Non-salary employee costs increased 19% in 2013 but fell back 16% in 2014, close to 2012 levels. These fluctuations were caused in large part by adjustments to pension expenses primarily due
to changes in interest rates in the financial markets. Stock compensation expense has risen in each successive year as the value of Torchmark stock has increased, resulting in higher values for grants of stock and options, as well as positive
Company performance that caused an increase in the expense related to performance share grants. As stated in  Note 14—Business Segments  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , management views stock compensation expense
as a corporate expense, and therefore treats it as a Parent Company expense.        As described in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , we described certain litigation matters that were incurred in the years 2014 and 2013
that were not directly related to our ongoing core insurance operations. Management does not consider these litigation matters to be part of insurance administration expense, but instead considers them to be non-operating expenses. Also during 2013,
Torchmark recorded an additional non-operating charge involving a state guaranty fund assessment in the amount of $1.2 million, resulting from events in years prior to 2012. We incurred expenses of $2.9 million related to the acquisition of Family
Heritage in late 2012 as described in  Note 6— Acquisition  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . While all of these non-operating expenses were included in “Operating expenses” for the
respective year in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  in accordance with accounting guidance, they are removed by management from consideration when evaluating segment operating results.  
   
      32  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Investments.     We manage our capital resources including investments,
debt, and cash flow through the investment segment. Excess investment income represents the profit margin attributable to investment operations. It is the measure that we use to evaluate the performance of the investment segment as described in
 Note 14— Business Segments  in the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial   Statements.  It is defined as net investment income less both the required interest attributable to net policy liabilities and the interest cost
associated with capital funding or “financing costs.” We also view excess investment income per diluted share as an important and useful measure to evaluate the performance of the investment segment. It is defined as excess investment
income divided by the total diluted weighted average shares outstanding, representing the contribution by the investment segment to the consolidated earnings per share of the Company. Since implementing our share repurchase program in 1986, we have
used over $6.1 billion of cash flow to repurchase Torchmark shares after determining that the repurchases provided a greater return than other investment alternatives. Share repurchases reduce excess investment income because of the foregone
earnings on the cash that would otherwise have been invested in interest-bearing assets, but they also reduce the number of shares outstanding. In order to put all capital resource uses on a comparable basis, we believe that excess investment income
per diluted share is an appropriate measure of the investment segment.        Excess Investment Income .    The following table summarizes Torchmark’s investment income and excess investment income.        Analysis of Excess Investment Income    (Dollar amounts in thousands except for per share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Net investment income 
    
 $ 
 729,207 
    
   
 $ 
 709,743 
    
   
 $ 
 693,644 
    
 
   Reclassification of low income housing expense (1) 
    
   
 29,079 
    
   
   
 24,907 
    
   
   
 22,488 
    
 
   Reclassification of interest amount due to deconsolidation (2) 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (214 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Adjusted net investment income (per segment analysis) 
    
   
 758,286 
    
   
   
 734,650 
    
   
   
 715,918 
    
 
   Interest on net insurance policy liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Interest on reserves 
    
   
 (649,848 
 )  
   
   
 (625,388 
 )  
   
   
 (584,148 
 )  
 
   Interest on deferred acquisition costs 
    
   
 192,779 
    
   
   
 190,025 
    
   
   
 185,172 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net required interest 
    
   
 (457,069 
 )  
   
   
 (435,363 
 )  
   
   
 (398,976 
 )  
 
   Financing costs 
    
   
 (76,126 
 )  
   
   
 (80,461 
 )  
   
   
 (80,298 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Excess investment income 
    
 $ 
 225,091 
    
   
 $ 
 218,826 
    
   
 $ 
 236,644 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Excess investment income per diluted share (3) 
    
 $ 
 1.70 
    
   
 $ 
 1.57 
    
   
 $ 
 1.61 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Mean invested assets (at amortized cost) 
    
 $ 
 13,278,028 
    
   
 $ 
 12,838,010 
    
   
 $ 
 11,750,059 
    
 
   Average net insurance policy liabilities (4) 
    
   
 8,227,741 
    
   
   
 7,840,078 
    
   
   
 7,093,560 
    
 
   Average debt and preferred securities (at amortized cost) 
    
   
 1,287,740 
    
   
   
 1,321,102 
    
   
   
 1,248,427 
    
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Reclassified amortization of non-guaranteed low-income housing interests included in “Net investment income” in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  but
recorded in “Income taxes” in the segment analysis. See  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  under the caption  Low-Income Housing Tax Credit Interests  for an
explanation.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Deconsolidation of trusts liable for Trust Preferred Securities required by accounting guidance. See  Note 11—Debt  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.   
 
 
 (3) 
 Per share amounts for 2013 and 2012 have been retrospectively adjusted for the three-for-two stock split effective July 1, 2014.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Net of deferred acquisition costs, excluding the associated unrealized gains and losses thereon.  
      33  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Excess investment income increased $6 million or 3% in 2014 over the prior year. Excess
investment income declined $18 million or 8% in 2013. Excess investment income has been pressured over the past three years as a result of the impact of lower interest rates on net investment income coupled with the increase in required
interest on net policy liabilities discussed later under this caption. On a per diluted share basis, excess investment income increased 8% to $1.70 in 2014. Excess investment income declined 2% to $1.57 per share in 2013, after having risen 3% in
the prior year. The greater increase in 2014 per-share amounts, as well as the smaller decline in 2013 relative to the changes in dollar amounts for excess investment income are a result of share repurchases.  
     The largest component of excess investment income is net investment
income, as adjusted for the segment analysis, which rose  3% to $758 million in 2014. It increased 3% to $735 million in 2013 from $716 million in 2012. The inclusion of Family Heritage, acquired in late 2012, added $21 million
of net investment income in 2013 compared with $3 million in 2012, accounting for the majority of the 2013 increase. However, growth in net investment income has generally been slower than growth in mean invested assets in recent years due to the
declining interest rate environment. In 2014, fixed maturity yields averaged 5.91% on a tax-equivalent and effective-yield basis, compared with 5.94% in 2013 and 6.35% in 2012. Even though mean invested assets have increased each period, net
investment income has grown at a slower pace as a result of the decline in average yields. In a declining rate environment, the overall portfolio yield will decrease as new money is invested at lower prevailing yields. The reduction in the average
yields has primarily been the result of reinvesting proceeds from bonds that matured or were called at yield rates less than the rates we earned on the bonds before they matured or were called. While Family Heritage added incrementally to net
investment income during 2014 and 2013, its lower-yielding portfolio has also contributed to the decline in the average fixed-maturity yield.      
 A major factor negatively affecting net investment income, especially in 2012 and 2013, was calls of fixed-maturity securities. During 2012, and to
a lesser extent in 2013, we had an unusually large number of these calls, including $339 million of bank-issued hybrid securities in 2012 and $129 million in 2013. Fixed maturity securities are more likely to be called in a declining interest-rate
environment, as these callable securities can often be refinanced at lower prevailing rates. In 2014, however, call activity has been more limited. We believe that it is unlikely that calls would have a material negative impact on investment income
in the foreseeable future if our callable investments were called and the proceeds from those calls were reinvested at expected future new money rates. During 2014, the proceeds from all dispositions have been reinvested at yield rates closer to the
yield rates on the disposed assets.        Net investment income
has also been negatively affected in 2014 by the CMS requirement for us to pay certain Medicare Part D claims costs during the current period that are ultimately the responsibility of the government, but are not reimbursed until the following year.
Because Part D claims have been unusually high in 2014, due to the approval of new Hepatitis C drugs discussed earlier in this report and higher overall drug costs, we have incurred extensive upfront costs that will not be reimbursed by CMS until
late 2015. This delay in reimbursement has caused a delay in cash flows available for new investments that resulted in a loss of approximately $5 million of pre-tax net investment income in 2014, and will cause us to lose approximately $4 million of
additional investment income in 2015. Please refer to  Note 10¯Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.         Presented in the following chart is the growth in net investment income compared with the growth in mean invested assets.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Growth in net investment income 
    
   
 3.2 
 %  
   
   
 2.6 
 %  
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
 
   Growth in mean invested assets (at amortized cost) 
    
   
 3.4 
    
   
   
 9.3 
    
   
   
 4.4 
    
       While net investment income in recent
years has been negatively impacted by the factors discussed above, we would expect to see only modest declines in the average portfolio yield rate over the next few years compared with the larger declines in recent years. We anticipate that less
than 2% of fixed maturities  
      34  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
on average are expected to run off each year over the next five years. Overall, we are encouraged that the prospect of additional significant calls seems to be behind us and expected maturities
should have lower yields than in the past.        Excess
investment income is reduced by the required interest on net insurance policy liabilities because we consider these amounts to be components of the profitability of our insurance segments. Required interest is based on the actuarial interest
assumptions used in discounting the benefit reserve liability and the amortization of deferred acquisition costs for our insurance policies in force. The great majority of our life and health insurance policies are fixed interest-rate protection
policies, not investment products, and are accounted for under current accounting guidance for long-duration insurance products (formerly SFAS 60, now incorporated into ASC 944-20-05). This guidance mandates that interest rate assumptions be
“locked in” for the life of that block of business. Each calendar year, we set the assumed discount rate to be used to calculate the benefit reserve liability and the deferred acquisition cost asset for all insurance policies issued that
year. That rate is based on the new money yields that we expect to earn on the premiums received in the future from policies of that issue year, and cannot be changed except in the event of a premium deficiency. The discount rate used for policies
issued in the current year has no impact on the in force policies issued in prior years as the rates of all prior issue years are also locked in. As such, the overall discount rate for the entire in force block is a weighted average of the discount
rates being used from all issue years. Changes in the overall weighted-average discount rate over time are caused by changes in the mix of the in force business by issue year.  
     Because actuarial discount rates are locked in for life on essentially
all of our business, benefit reserves and deferred acquisition costs are not affected by interest rate fluctuations unless a loss recognition event occurs. Due to the strength of our underwriting margins and the current positive spread between the
yield on our investment portfolio and the weighted-average discount rate of our in force block, we don’t expect an extended low-interest-rate environment to cause a loss recognition event.  
     Information about interest on policy liabilities is shown in the
following table.        Required Interest on Net Insurance
Policy Liabilities    (Dollar amounts in millions)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Required Interest 
   
   
 Average Net Insurance Policy 
Liabilities 
   
   
 Average Discount Rate 
   


 
   2014 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Life and Health 
    
 $ 
 395.9 
    
   
 $ 
 6,888.9 
    
   
   
 5.75 
 %  
 
   Annuity 
    
   
 61.2 
    
   
   
 1,338.8 
    
   
   
 4.57 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 457.1 
    
   
   
 8,227.7 
    
   
   
 5.56 
    
 
   Increase in 2014 
    
   
 4.99 
 %  
   
   
 4.94 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   2013 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Life and Health 
    
 $ 
 372.4 
    
   
 $ 
 6,516.9 
    
   
   
 5.71 
 %  
 
   Annuity 
    
   
 63.0 
    
   
   
 1,323.2 
    
   
   
 4.76 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 435.4 
    
   
   
 7,840.1 
    
   
   
 5.55 
    
 
   Increase in 2013 
    
   
 9.12 
 %  
   
   
 10.52 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   2012 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Life and Health 
    
 $ 
 335.0 
    
   
 $ 
 5,820.1 
    
   
   
 5.76 
 %  
 
   Annuity 
    
   
 64.0 
    
   
   
 1,273.5 
    
   
   
 5.03 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
    
   
 399.0 
    
   
   
 7,093.6 
    
   
   
 5.62 
    
 
   Increase in 2012 
    
   
 7.71 
 %  
   
   
 6.64 
 %  
   
 
 
 
       The combined weighted average discount
rate decreased in 2013 due to the inclusion of Family Heritage for a full year.  
      35  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Excess investment income is also impacted by financing costs. Financing costs for the investment
segment primarily consist of interest on our various debt instruments and are deducted from excess investment income.      
 The table below presents the components of financing costs and reconciles interest expense per the  Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
       Analysis of Financing Costs  
 (Amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Interest on funded debt 
    
 $ 
 71,072 
    
    
 $ 
 75,136 
    
    
 $ 
 74,815 
    
 
   Interest on short-term debt 
    
   
 5,013 
    
    
   
 5,299 
    
    
   
 5,656 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 41 
    
    
   
 26 
    
    
   
 41 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Interest expense per  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
    
   
 76,126 
    
    
   
 80,461 
    
    
   
 80,512 
    
 
   Reclassification of interest due to deconsolidation  (1) 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (214 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Financing costs 
    
 $ 
 76,126 
    
    
 $ 
 80,461 
    
    
 $ 
 80,298 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 See  Principles of Consolidation in Note 1 —Significant Accounting Policies  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for an
explanation of deconsolidation.        Financing
costs decreased $4 million or 5% in 2014. They were essentially flat in 2013. The decrease in financing costs in 2014 was due to the maturity and repayment of our $94 million par amount $7.375% Notes during the third quarter of 2013. The increase in
financing costs in 2013 reflects the increased interest expense from the issuance in September, 2012 of $300 million principal amount of our 3.8% Senior Notes due in 2022, $150 million of which is eliminated in consolidation. Also in September,
2012, we issued our 5.875% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2052 for $125 million principal amount but called our $120 million 7.1% Trust Preferred Securities one month later. In both 2014 and 2013, interest on short-term debt declined primarily
because of the reduction in the weighted-average interest rate on short-term debt. More information on our debt transactions are disclosed  in the  Financial  Condition  section of this report and in  Note 11—Debt  in
the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .        As
previously noted, growth rates in our excess investment income decline when growth in income from the portfolio is less than that of the interest required by policy liabilities and financing costs, such as we have experienced in recent periods. In
an extended low-interest-rate environment, the portfolio yield will tend to decline as we invest new money at lower long-term rates. We believe, however, the decline would be relatively slow, as, on average, only 1% to 2% of fixed maturities are
expected to run off each year over the next five years.        In
response to the lower interest rates, we raised the premium rates for new business on major life products in early 2012 and again in late 2013. The increased premium provides additional margin on these policies to help offset higher mandatory cash
values and the possible future reductions in excess investment income. Despite these increases in premium rates, we have continued to see growth in net sales.      
 Excess investment income benefits from increases in long-term rates available on new investments and decreases in short-term borrowing rates. Of
these two factors, higher investment rates have the greater impact because the amount of cash that we invest is significantly greater than the amount that we borrow at short-term rates. Therefore, Torchmark would benefit if rates, especially
long-term rates, were to rise.  
      36  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Investment Acquisitions .    Torchmark’s current investment policy
calls for investing almost exclusively in investment-grade fixed maturities generally with long maturities (maturity date more than 20 years after acquisition date) that meet our quality and yield objectives. We generally prefer to invest in
securities with longer maturities because they more closely match the long-term nature of our policy liabilities. Further, we believe this strategy is appropriate because our strong positive cash flows are generally stable and predictable. If such
longer-term securities do not meet our quality and yield objectives, we consider investing in short-term securities, taking into consideration the slope of the yield curve and other factors at the time. During calendar years 2012 through 2014,
Torchmark invested almost exclusively in fixed-maturity securities, primarily with longer-term maturities as presented in the chart below.      
 The following table summarizes selected information for fixed-maturity purchases. The effective annual yield shown in the table is the yield
calculated to the potential termination date that produces the lowest yield. This date is commonly known as the “worst call date.” Two different average life calculations are shown, average life to the next call date and average life to
the maturity date.        Fixed Maturity Acquisitions Selected
Information    (Dollar amounts in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Cost of acquisitions: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investment-grade corporate securities 
    
 $ 
 696.3 
    
   
 $ 
 1,113.2 
    
   
 $ 
 1,465.9 
    
 
   Taxable municipal securities 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 1.5 
    
 
   Other investment-grade securities 
    
   
 8.7 
    
   
   
 30.6 
    
   
   
 16.9 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed-maturity acquisitions 
    
 $ 
 705.0 
    
   
 $ 
 1,143.8 
    
   
 $ 
 1,484.3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Effective annual yield (one year compounded*) 
    
   
 4.77 
 %  
   
   
 4.65 
 %  
   
   
 4.30 
 %  
 
   Average life (in years, to next call) 
    
   
 22.9 
    
   
   
 26.0 
    
   
   
 25.6 
    
 
   Average life (in years to maturity) 
    
   
 23.4 
    
   
   
 26.5 
    
   
   
 26.7 
    
 
   Average rating 
    
   
 BBB+ 
    
   
   
 BBB+ 
    
   
   
 BBB+ 
    
 
       * Tax-equivalent
basis, where the yield on tax-exempt securities is adjusted to produce a yield equivalent to the pretax yield on taxable securities. 
       
       We prefer to invest primarily in bonds
that are not callable (on other than a make-whole basis) prior to maturity, but we periodically invest some funds in callable bonds when the incremental yield available on such bonds warrants doing so. For investments in callable bonds, the actual
life of the investment will depend on whether the issuer calls the investment prior to the maturity date. Given our investments in callable bonds, the actual average life of our investments cannot be known at the time of the investment. However, the
average life will not be less than the average life to next call and will not exceed the average life to maturity. Data for both of these average life measures is provided in the above chart.        During the three years 2012 through 2014, we have invested almost entirely in investment-grade corporate bonds.
Acquisitions in all three years have been primarily in industrial and utility bonds. New cash flow available for investment has been primarily provided through our insurance operations, but has also been affected by other factors. Issuer calls, as a
result of the low-interest environment experienced during the past three years were an important factor, especially in 2012. Calls increase funds available for investment, but as noted earlier in this discussion, they can have a negative impact on
investment income if the proceeds from the calls are reinvested in bonds that have lower yields than that of the bonds that were called. Issuer calls were $160 million in 2014, $344 million in 2013, and $650 million in 2012. The higher level of
acquisitions in 2012 was primarily due to the additional funds available from the higher level of 2012 calls.  
      37  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Portfolio Analysis.     Because Torchmark has recently invested almost
exclusively in fixed-maturity securities, the relative percentage of our assets invested in various types of investments varies from industry norms. The following table presents a comparison of Torchmark’s components of invested assets at
amortized cost as of December 31, 2014 with the latest industry data.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Torchmark 
   
   
   
   
 
   
    
 Amount (in millions) 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Industry % (1) 
   


 
   Bonds 
    
 $ 
 12,327 
    
    
   
 92 
 %  
   
   
 78 
 %  
 
   Preferred stock (redeemable and perpetual) (2) 
    
   
 497 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Common stocks 
    
   
 1 
    
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Mortgage loans 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 9 
    
 
   Real estate 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Policy loans 
    
   
 472 
    
    
   
 3 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Other invested assets 
    
   
 10 
    
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Cash and short terms 
    
   
 82 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 13,389 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
       (1)    Latest data available from the American Council of Life Insurance as of December 31, 2013. 
 (2)    Includes redeemable preferred of $497 million or 100% and perpetual preferred of $0
million. 
           
         
       Because fixed maturities represent such
a significant portion of our investment portfolio, the remainder of the discussion of portfolio composition will focus on fixed maturities. An analysis of our fixed-maturity portfolio by component at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 is
as follows:        Fixed Maturities by Component  
 At December 31, 2014  
 (Dollar amounts in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Cost or Amortized Cost 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 % of Total Fixed Maturities 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Amortized Cost 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Corporates 
   
 $ 
 10,566 
    
   
 $ 
 1,502 
    
   
 $ 
 (61 
 )  
   
 $ 
 12,007 
    
   
   
 82 
 %  
   
   
 83 
 %  
 
   Redeemable preferred stock 
   
   
 497 
    
   
   
 58 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 550 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Municipals 
   
   
 1,278 
    
   
   
 177 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 1,454 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Government-sponsored enterprises 
   
   
 291 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 294 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Governments & agencies 
   
   
 100 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 100 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Residential mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 68 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 63 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Other asset-backed securities 
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 19 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities 
   
 $ 
 12,824 
    
   
 $ 
 1,748 
    
   
 $ 
 (79 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,493 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      38  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Fixed Maturities by Component  
 At December 31, 2013  
 (Dollar amounts in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Cost or Amortized Cost 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 % of Total Fixed Maturities 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 Amortized Cost 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Corporates 
   
 $ 
 10,134 
    
   
 $ 
 702 
    
   
 $ 
 (300 
 )  
   
 $ 
 10,536 
    
   
   
 81 
 %  
   
   
 83 
 %  
 
   Redeemable preferred stock 
   
   
 503 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
   
 (14 
 )  
   
   
 514 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Municipals 
   
   
 1,278 
    
   
   
 70 
    
   
   
 (13 
 )  
   
   
 1,335 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Government-sponsored enterprises 
   
   
 347 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (71 
 )  
   
   
 276 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
   Governments & agencies 
   
   
 122 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 118 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Residential mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 66 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (8 
 )  
   
   
 58 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Other asset-backed securities 
   
   
 31 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 34 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities 
   
 $ 
 12,489 
    
   
 $ 
 801 
    
   
 $ 
 (411 
 )  
   
 $ 
 12,879 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       At December 31, 2014, fixed maturities
had a fair value of $14.5 billion, compared with $12.9 billion at December 31, 2013. At December 31, 2014, fixed maturities were in a $1.7 billion net unrealized gain position compared with an unrealized gain position of
$390 million at December 31, 2013. Approximately 82% of our fixed maturity assets at December 31, 2014 at amortized cost were corporate bonds and 4% were redeemable preferred stocks. This compares with 81% corporate bonds and 4% redeemable
preferred stocks at year end 2013. On a combined basis, residential mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities, and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) were 1% of the assets at amortized cost at December 31, 2014. The $68 million
of CDOs at amortized cost made up less than 0.6% of the assets and are backed primarily by trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurance companies. The $6 million of residential mortgage-backed securities are rated AAA. For more
information about our fixed-maturity portfolio by component at December 31, 2014 and 2013, including an analysis of unrealized investment losses and a schedule of maturities, see  Note 4—Investments  in the  Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements .        Due to the strong and stable cash
flows generated by its insurance products, Torchmark has the ability to hold securities with temporary unrealized losses until recovery. Even though these fixed maturity investments are classified as available for sale, Torchmark generally expects
and intends to hold to maturity any securities which are temporarily impaired.        Additional information concerning the fixed-maturity portfolio is as follows.      
 Fixed Maturity Portfolio Selected Information      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Average annual effective yield  (1) 
    
   
 5.89 
 %  
   
   
 5.91 
 %  
 
   Average life, in years, to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Next call
 (2) 
    
   
 17.8 
    
   
   
 18.3 
    
 
   Maturity
 (2) 
    
   
 20.5 
    
   
   
 21.5 
    
 
   Effective duration to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Next call
 (2) ,  (3) 
    
   
 10.9 
    
   
   
 10.4 
    
 
   Maturity
 (2) ,  (3) 
    
   
 12.0 
    
   
   
 11.7 
    
 
       (1)    Tax-equivalent basis, where the yield on tax-exempt securities is adjusted to produce a yield equivalent to the pretax yield on taxable securities. 
            
 
   (2)    Torchmark calculates the average life and duration of the fixed-maturity portfolio two
ways: 
           
 
   (a)    based on the next call date which is the next call date for callable bonds and the maturity date for
noncallable bonds, and 
            
 
   (b)    based on the maturity date of all bonds, whether callable or not. 
           
 
   (3)    Effective duration is a measure of the price sensitivity of a fixed-income security to a particular
change in interest rates. 
            
 
      39  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Credit Risk Sensitivity.     Credit risk relates to the level of uncertainty
that a security’s issuer will maintain its ability to honor the terms of that security until maturity. Approximately 87% of our fixed-maturity holdings at book value are in corporate securities (including redeemable preferred and asset-backed
securities). As we continue to invest in corporate bonds with relatively long maturities, we continually monitor credit risk. We mitigate this ongoing risk, in part, by acquiring only investment-grade bonds and by analyzing the financial
fundamentals of each prospective issuer. We continue to monitor the status of issuers on an ongoing basis. We also seek to reduce credit risk by spreading investments over a large number of issuers and a wide range of industry sectors.  
     The following table presents the relative percentage of our fixed
maturities by industry sector at December 31, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Fixed Maturities by Sector 
 At December 31, 2014 
 (Dollar amounts in millions) 
   
 
   
   
 Cost or Amortized Cost 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 % of Total Fixed Maturities 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
 At Amortized Cost 
   
   
 At Fair Value 
   


 
   Financial - Life/Health/PC Insurance 
   
 $ 
 1,819 
    
   
 $ 
 291 
    
   
 $ 
 (3 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,107 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
   
   
 15 
 %  
 
   Financial - Bank 
   
   
 683 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
   
 (5 
 )  
   
   
 772 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Financial - Other 
   
   
 633 
    
   
   
 92 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 716 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Financial 
   
   
 3,135 
    
   
   
 477 
    
   
   
 (17 
 )  
   
   
 3,595 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
   
 25 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Utilities 
   
   
 2,183 
    
   
   
 379 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 2,559 
    
   
   
 17 
    
   
   
 19 
    
 
   Government 
   
   
 1,669 
    
   
   
 183 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 1,848 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Energy 
   
   
 1,512 
    
   
   
 173 
    
   
   
 (22 
 )  
   
   
 1,663 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
   
 11 
    
 
   Basic Materials 
   
   
 997 
    
   
   
 86 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 1,076 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Other Industrials 
   
   
 910 
    
   
   
 112 
    
   
   
 (7 
 )  
   
   
 1,015 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Consumer Non-cyclical 
   
   
 848 
    
   
   
 125 
    
   
   
 (2 
 )  
   
   
 971 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Transportation 
   
   
 559 
    
   
   
 80 
    
   
   
 (3 
 )  
   
   
 636 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Communications 
   
   
 533 
    
   
   
 75 
    
   
   
 (4 
 )  
   
   
 604 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Consumer Cyclical 
   
   
 404 
    
   
   
 54 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 457 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 68 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
   
 (9 
 )  
   
   
 63 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Mortgage-backed securities 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total Fixed Maturities 
   
 $ 
 12,824 
    
   
 $ 
 1,748 
    
   
 $ 
 (79 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,493 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       At December 31, 2014,
approximately 24% of the fixed maturity assets at amortized cost (25% at fair value) were in the financial sector, including 14% in life and health or property casualty insurance companies and 5% in banks. Financial guarantors, mortgage insurers,
and insurance brokers comprised approximately 5% of the portfolio at amortized cost. After financials, the next largest sector was utilities, which comprised 17% of the portfolio at amortized cost. The balance of the portfolio is spread among 396
issuers in a wide variety of sectors.        Our energy sector
investments accounted for 12% of fixed maturities at amortized cost as of December 31, 2014. While this sector has seen recent volatility, we believe the risk of losses in the foreseeable future is minimal. Over 98% of these holdings are investment
grade, and the portfolio had a net unrealized gain of $151 million at year end 2014. Less than 8% of our holdings are in the oil field service and drilling area. While there may be some downgrades in this sector, we believe that our investments will
be able to withstand lower energy prices for an extended duration.  
      40  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  An analysis of the fixed-maturity portfolio by a composite rating at December 31, 2014 is shown
in the table below. The composite rating for each security, other than private-placement securities managed by a third party, is the average of the security’s ratings as assigned by Moody’s Investor Service, Standard & Poor’s,
Fitch Ratings, and Dominion Bond Rating Service, LTD. The ratings assigned by these four nationally recognized statistical rating organizations are evenly weighted when calculating the average. Included in the chart below are private placement
fixed-maturity holdings of $497 million at amortized cost ($513 million at fair value) for which the ratings were assigned by the third-party manager.      
 Fixed Maturities by Rating  
 At December 31, 2014  
 (Dollar amounts in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 % 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
    
 % 
   


 
   Investment grade: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   AAA 
    
 $ 
 688 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
   
 $ 
 726 
    
    
   
 5 
 %  
 
   AA 
    
   
 1,333 
    
    
   
 10 
    
   
   
 1,531 
    
    
   
 10 
    
 
   A 
    
   
 3,914 
    
    
   
 32 
    
   
   
 4,620 
    
    
   
 32 
    
 
   BBB+ 
    
   
 2,429 
    
    
   
 19 
    
   
   
 2,763 
    
    
   
 19 
    
 
   BBB 
    
   
 2,833 
    
    
   
 22 
    
   
   
 3,153 
    
    
   
 22 
    
 
   BBB- 
    
   
 1,066 
    
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 1,150 
    
    
   
 8 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Investment grade 
    
   
 12,263 
    
    
   
 96 
    
   
   
 13,943 
    
    
   
 96 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Below investment grade: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   BB 
    
   
 331 
    
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 334 
    
    
   
 2 
    
 
   B 
    
   
 118 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 109 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
   Below B 
    
   
 112 
    
    
   
 1 
    
   
   
 107 
    
    
   
 1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Below investment grade 
    
   
 561 
    
    
   
 4 
    
   
   
 550 
    
    
   
 4 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 12,824 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
 $ 
 14,493 
    
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       The portfolio has a weighted average
quality rating of A- based on amortized cost. Approximately  96% of the portfolio at amortized cost was considered investment grade. Our investment portfolio contains no securities backed by  sub-prime  or
 Alt-A  mortgages (loans for which some of the typical documentation was not provided by the borrower). We have no direct investments in residential mortgages, nor do we have any counterparty risks as we are not
a party to any credit default swaps or other derivative contracts. We do not participate in securities lending. There are no  off-balance  sheet investments, as all investments are reported on our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets . Other than $9 million of German government bonds at amortized cost and fair value, we have no direct exposure to European sovereign debt.  
     Our current investment policy regarding fixed maturities is to acquire
only investment-grade obligations. Thus, any increases in below investment-grade issues are a result of ratings downgrades of existing holdings.      
 An analysis of changes in below-investment grade fixed maturities at amortized cost is as follows.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 
31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 
   
    
 (in $ millions) 
   


 
 
 
 
   Balance at January 1 
    
 $ 
 566 
    
 
   Downgrades by rating agencies 
    
   
 15 
    
 
   Upgrades by rating agencies 
    
   
 (20 
 )  
 
   Disposals 
    
   
 (5 
 )  
 
   Write down of other-than-temporarily impaired securities 
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Amortization 
    
   
 5 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31 
    
 $ 
 561 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      41  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Market Risk Sensitivity.     Torchmark’s financial securities are
exposed to interest rate risk, meaning the effect of changes in financial market interest rates on the current fair value of the company’s investment portfolio. Since 96% of the book value of our investments is attributable to fixed-maturity
investments (and virtually all of these investments are fixed-rate investments), the portfolio is highly subject to market risk. Declines in market interest rates generally result in the fair value of the investment portfolio exceeding the book
value of the portfolio and increases in interest rates cause the fair value to decline below the book value. Under normal market conditions, we do not expect to realize these unrealized gains and losses because we have the ability and generally the
intent to hold these investments to maturity. The long-term nature of our insurance policy liabilities and strong cash-flow operating position substantially mitigate any future need to liquidate portions of the portfolio. The increase or decrease in
the fair value of insurance liabilities and debt due to increases or decreases in market interest rates largely offsets the impact of rates on the investment portfolio. However, as is permitted by GAAP, these liabilities are not recorded at fair
value.        The following table illustrates the market risk
sensitivity of our interest-rate sensitive fixed-maturity portfolio at December 31, 2014 and 2013. This table measures the effect of a change in interest rates (as represented by the U.S. Treasury curve) on the fair value of the fixed-maturity
portfolio. The data measures the change in fair value arising from an immediate and sustained change in interest rates in increments of 100 basis points.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   Market Value
of Fixed Maturity Portfolio ($ millions) 
 
   Change in Interest Rates (in basis points) 
    
   At December 31, 
 2014 
    
   At December 31, 
 2013 


 
   -200 
    
 $18,401 
    
 $16,205 
 
   -100 
    
   16,287 
    
   14,412 
 
      0 
    
   14,493 
    
   12,879 
 
    100 
    
   12,961 
    
   11,562 
 
    200 
    
   11,645 
    
   10,423 
 
      42  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Realized Gains and Losses.     Our life and health insurance companies
collect premium income from policyholders for the eventual payment of policyholder benefits, sometimes paid many years or even decades in the future. In addition to the payment of these benefits, we also incur acquisition costs, administrative
expenses, and taxes as a part of insurance operations. Because benefits are expected to be paid in future periods, premium receipts in excess of current expenses are invested to provide for these obligations. For this reason, we hold a significant
investment portfolio as a part of our core insurance operations. This portfolio consists primarily of high-quality fixed maturities containing an adequate yield to provide for the cost of carrying these long-term insurance product obligations. As a
result, fixed maturities are generally held for long periods to support the liabilities. Expected yields on these investments are taken into account when setting insurance premium rates and product profitability expectations.  
     Investments are occasionally sold or called, resulting in a realized
gain or loss. These gains and losses generally occur only incidentally, usually as the result of sales because of deterioration in investment quality of issuers or calls by the issuers. Investment losses are also caused by writedowns due to
impairments. We do not engage in trading investments for profit. Therefore, gains or losses which occur in protecting the portfolio or its yield, or which result from events that are beyond our control, are only secondary to our core insurance
operations of providing insurance coverage to policyholders.      
 Realized gains and losses can be significant in relation to the earnings from core insurance operations, and as a result, can have a material
positive or negative impact on net income. The significant fluctuations caused by gains and losses can cause the period-to-period trends of net income not to be indicative of historical core operating results nor predictive of the future trends of
core operations. Accordingly, they have no bearing on core insurance operations or segment results as we view operations. For these reasons, and in line with industry practice, we remove the effects of realized gains and losses when evaluating
overall insurance operating results.        The following table
summarizes our tax-effected realized gains (losses) by component for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2014.      
 Analysis of Realized Gains (Losses), Net of Tax    (Dollar amounts in thousands, except for per share data)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Per Share 
   
    
 Amount 
   
   
 Per Share* 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 Per Share* 
   


 
   Fixed maturities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Sales 
    
 $ 
 10,209 
    
   
 $ 
 0.08 
    
    
 $ 
 3,015 
    
   
 $ 
 0.02 
    
   
 $ 
 24,943 
    
   
 $ 
 0.17 
    
 
   Called or tendered 
    
   
 4,851 
    
   
   
 0.04 
    
    
   
 5,525 
    
   
   
 0.04 
    
   
   
 5,830 
    
   
   
 0.04 
    
 
   Writedowns** 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 (3,640 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Loss on redemption of debt 
    
   
 (168 
 )  
   
   
 0.00 
    
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 (2,671 
 )  
   
   
 (0.02 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 414 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
    
   
 (4,575 
 )  
   
   
 (0.03 
 )  
   
   
 129 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 15,306 
    
   
 $ 
 0.12 
    
    
 $ 
 3,965 
    
   
 $ 
 0.03 
    
   
 $ 
 24,591 
    
   
 $ 
 0.17 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
   
 * 
   
 Per share amounts for 2013 and 2012 have been retrospectively adjusted for the three-for-two stock split effective July 1, 2014.  
 
 
   
 ** 
   
 Written down due to other-than-temporary impairment.      
 As described in  Note 4— Investments  under the caption  Other-than-temporary impairments  in the  Notes to Consolidated
Financial  Statements ,  we wrote certain securities down to fair value during 2012 as a result of other-than-temporary impairment. The impaired securities met our criteria for other-than-temporary impairment as discussed in  Note
1—Significant Accounting Policies  and in our  Critical Accounting  Policies  in this report. The writedowns resulted in pretax charges of $5.6 million in 2012 ($3.6 million after tax). During 2013, we sold investment real estate
for an after-tax loss of $1.9 million, of which $1.7 million had been written down due to other-than-temporary impairment earlier in the year. In 2012, we redeemed our 7.1% Trust Originated Preferred Securities, recording a loss on redemption of
$4.1 million ($2.7 million after tax).  
      43  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  FINANCIAL CONDITION  
     Liquidity.     Liquidity provides Torchmark
with the ability to meet on demand the cash commitments required by its business operations and financial obligations. Our liquidity is primarily derived from three sources: positive cash flow from operations, a portfolio of marketable securities,
and a line of credit facility.        Insurance Subsidiary
Liquidity.     The operations of our insurance subsidiaries have historically generated substantial cash inflows in excess of immediate cash needs. Sources of cash flows for the insurance subsidiaries include primarily premium
and investment income. Cash outflows from operations include policy benefit payments, commissions, administrative expenses, and taxes. The funds to provide for policy benefits, the majority of which are paid in future periods, are invested primarily
in long-term fixed maturities to meet these long-term obligations. In addition to investment income, maturities and scheduled repayments in the investment portfolio are sources of cash. Excess cash available from the insurance subsidiaries’
operations is generally distributed as a dividend to the Parent Company, subject to regulatory restriction. The dividends are generally paid in amounts equal to the subsidiaries’ prior year statutory net income excluding realized capital gains.
While the leading source of the excess cash is investment income, due to our high underwriting margins and effective expense control, a significant portion of the excess cash also comes from underwriting income.  
     Parent Company Liquidity .     Cash
flows from the insurance subsidiaries are used to pay interest and principal repayments on Parent Company debt, operating expenses of the Parent, and Parent Company dividends to Torchmark shareholders. In 2014, the Parent received $479 million
of cash dividends from its insurance subsidiaries, compared with $488 million in 2013 and $437 million in 2012. Including transfers from other subsidiaries and after paying debt obligations, shareholder dividends, and other expenses (but
before share repurchases), Torchmark Parent had excess operating cash flow in 2014 of approximately $377 million, compared with $364 million in 2013. Parent Company cash flow in excess of its operating requirements is available for other corporate
purposes, such as strategic acquisitions or share repurchases. In 2015, it is expected that the Parent Company will receive approximately $473 million in dividends from subsidiaries, and that an approximate range of $355 to $365 million
will be available as excess cash flow. Certain restrictions exist on the payment of these dividends. For more information on the restrictions on the payment of dividends by subsidiaries, see the restrictions section of  Note
12 — Shareholders’ Equity  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  Although these restrictions exist, dividend availability from subsidiaries historically has been sufficient for the cash flow needs of the Parent
Company. As additional liquidity, the Parent held $6 million of cash and short-term investments at December 31, 2014, compared with $8 million a year earlier. The Parent also had available a $50 million receivable from subsidiaries at 2014 year
end.        Short-Term Borrowings.  An additional source of
parent company liquidity is a line of credit facility with a group of lenders which allows unsecured borrowings and stand-by letters of credit up to $750 million. In July 2014, Torchmark replaced a $600 million facility with this new agreement,
as discussed in  Note 11 — Debt  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , under the caption  Commercial Paper . The new facility, like the previous, is further designated as a back-up line of credit for a
commercial paper program. As of December 31, 2014, we had available $314 million of additional borrowing capacity under this new facility, compared with $173 million a year earlier. There have been no difficulties in accessing the
commercial paper market during the three years ended December 31, 2014. For detailed information about this new line of credit facility, please refer to  Note 11 — Debt .        In summary, Torchmark expects to have readily available funds for 2015 and the foreseeable future to conduct its
operations and to maintain target capital ratios in the insurance subsidiaries through internally generated cash flow and the credit facility. In the unlikely event that more liquidity is needed, the Company could generate additional funds through
multiple sources including, but not limited to, the issuance of additional debt, a short-term credit facility, and intercompany borrowing.      
 Consolidated Liquidity .  Consolidated net cash inflows provided from operations were $865 million in 2014, compared with $1.1
billion in 2013 and $943 million in 2012. In addition to cash inflows from operations, our companies have received $160 million in investment calls and tenders and $113 million  
      44  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
of scheduled maturities or repayments during 2014. Maturities, tenders, and calls totaled $494 million in 2013 and $737 million in 2012.        Our cash and short-term investments were $82 million at year-end 2014 and $114 million at year-end 2013.
Additionally, we have a portfolio of marketable fixed and equity securities that are available for sale in the event of an unexpected need. These securities had a fair value of $14.5 billion at December 31, 2014. However, our strong cash
flows from operations, investment maturities, and the availability of our credit line make any need to sell securities for liquidity unlikely.      
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.     As a part of its above-mentioned credit facility, Torchmark had outstanding $198
million in stand-by letters of credit at December 31, 2014. However, these letters are issued among our subsidiaries, one of which is an offshore captive reinsurer, and have no impact on company obligations as a whole. Any future regulatory changes
that restrict the use of off-shore captive reinsurers might require Torchmark to obtain third-party financing, which could cause an immaterial increase in financing costs.  
     As of December 31, 2014, we had no unconsolidated affiliates and
no guarantees of the obligations of third-party entities. All of our guarantees were guarantees of the performance of consolidated subsidiaries, as disclosed in  Note 15 — Commitments and Contingencies.  
     The following table presents information about future payments under
our contractual obligations for the selected periods as of December 31, 2014.        (Amounts in millions)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Actual Liability 
   
   
 Total Payments 
   
   
 Less than One Year 
   
   
 One to Three Years 
   
   
 Three to Five Years 
   
   
 More than Five Years 
   


 
   Fixed and determinable: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 Debt—principal (1) 
   
 $ 
 1,231 
    
   
 $ 
 1,242 
    
   
 $ 
 238 
    
   
 $ 
 250 
    
   
 $ 
 293 
    
   
 $ 
 461 
    
 
 
 Debt—interest (2) 
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 594 
    
   
   
 71 
    
   
   
 116 
    
   
   
 94 
    
   
   
 313 
    
 
   Capital leases 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Operating leases 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 46 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 15 
    
 
   Purchase obligations 
   
   
 76 
    
   
   
 76 
    
   
   
 44 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Pension
obligations (3) 
   
   
 185 
    
   
   
 252 
    
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
   
 146 
    
 
   Future insurance obligations (4) 
   
   
 11,750 
    
   
   
 46,232 
    
   
   
 1,326 
    
   
   
 2,604 
    
   
   
 2,574 
    
   
   
 39,728 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
 $ 
 13,248 
    
   
 $ 
 48,442 
    
   
 $ 
 1,706 
    
   
 $ 
 3,050 
    
   
 $ 
 3,017 
    
   
 $ 
 40,669 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Funded debt is itemized in  Note 11—Debt  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  and includes short-term commercial paper.  
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Interest on debt is based on our fixed contractual obligations.  
 
 
 (3) 
   
 Pension obligations are primarily liabilities in trust funds that are calculated in accordance with the terms of the pension plans. They are offset by invested assets in the
trusts, which are funded through periodic contributions by Torchmark in a manner which will provide for the settlement of the obligations as they become due. Therefore, our obligations are offset by those assets when reported on Torchmark’s
 Consolidated Balance Sheets . At December 31, 2014, these pension obligations were $477 million, but there were also assets of $323 million in the pension entities. The schedule of pension benefit payments covers ten years and
is based on the same assumptions used to measure the pension obligations, except there is no interest assumption because the payments are undiscounted. There are also obligations for benefits other than pensions with a liability of $23 million.
Please refer to  Note 10 — Postretirement Benefits  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  for more information on pension obligations.  
 
 
 (4) 
   
 Future insurance obligations consist primarily of estimated future contingent benefit payments on policies in force at December 31, 2014. These estimated payments were
computed using assumptions for future mortality, morbidity and persistency. The actual amount and timing of such payments may differ significantly from the estimated amounts shown. Management believes that the assets supporting the liability of
$11.7 billion at December 31, 2014, along with future premiums and investment income, will be sufficient to fund all future insurance obligations.  
      45  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Capital Resources.     Torchmark’s capital structure consists of
short-term debt (the commercial paper facility described in  Note 11 — Debt  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements),  long-term funded debt, and shareholders’ equity.  A complete analysis and description
of long-term debt issues outstanding is presented in  Note 11 .        The carrying value of the long-term funded debt was $ 992 million at December 31, 2014, compared with $991 million a year earlier.  As fully explained in  Note 11—Debt , we issued
$300 million principal amount of 3.8% Senior Notes due in 2022 in September, 2012 for proceeds of $297 million in a public offering. However, $150 million of the offering was acquired by Torchmark insurance subsidiaries and was eliminated in
consolidation, resulting in net proceeds after issue expenses to the consolidated group of $147 million. The majority of the $297 million proceeds received by the Parent were used to acquire Family Heritage as described in  Note
6—Acquisition.  The balance was invested and later used for the redemption of our $94.5 million principal amount 7  3 / 8 % Notes that matured on August 1, 2013 and for other corporate purposes. The principal balance of the 7  3 / 8 % Notes, along with accrued interest, was then repaid on its maturity date in the total amount of $97.5 million.  
     As also discussed in  Note 11 , we issued $125 million principal
amount of our 5.875% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2052 in a September, 2012 public offering. This issue resulted in net proceeds after issue expenses of $121 million, and were used to redeem our 7.1% Trust Originated Preferred Securities in
the amount of $120 million plus accrued dividends for a total cost of $121 million.        Also noted in  Note 11  was our assumption of $20 million of Trust Preferred Securities in connection with our acquisition of Family Heritage. These securities bear interest at a variable rate, the three-month
LIBOR plus 330 basis points, which is reset each quarter. While these securities are callable by us at any time, we have no immediate plans to do so.      
 Our insurance subsidiaries generally target a capital ratio of at least 325% of required regulatory capital under Risk-Based Capital (RBC), a
formula designed by insurance regulatory authorities to monitor the adequacy of capital. The 325% target is considered sufficient for the subsidiaries because of their strong reliable cash flows, the relatively low risk of their product mix, and
because that ratio is in line with rating agency expectations for Torchmark. At December 31, 2014, our insurance subsidiaries in the aggregate had RBC ratios of approximately 326%. Should we experience additional impairments and/or ratings
downgrades in the future that cause the ratio to fall below 325%, management has more than sufficient liquidity at the Parent Company to make additional contributions as necessary to maintain the ratios at or above 325%.  
     As noted under the caption  Summary of Operations  in this report,
we have an ongoing share repurchase program. Under this program, we acquired 7 million shares at a cost of $375 million in 2014, 8 million shares at a cost of $360 million in 2013, and 11 million shares for $360 million in
2012. The majority of purchased shares are retired each year. Please refer to the description of our share repurchase program under the caption  Summary of Operations  in this report.        Torchmark has increased the quarterly dividend on its common shares over the past three years. In the first
quarter of 2012, it was increased to $.10 per share from $.08 per share. In the first quarter of 2013, it was again raised to $.1133 per share. Then, in the first quarter of 2014, dividends were raised to $.1267 per share.  
     Shareholders’ equity was $4.7 billion at December 31,
2014, compared with $3.8 billion at December 31, 2013. During the twelve months since December 31, 2013, shareholders’ equity was reduced by the $375 million in share purchases under the repurchase program and another
$74 million to offset the dilution from stock option exercises. However, it was increased by $827 million of after-tax unrealized gains in the fixed maturity portfolio and by the $543 million of net income.  
     We plan to use excess cash available at the Parent Company as
efficiently as possible in the future. Possible uses of excess cash flow include, but are not limited to share repurchases, acquisitions, increases in shareholder dividends, investment in fixed maturities, or repayment of short-term debt. We will
determine the best use of excess cash after ensuring that desired capital levels are maintained in our companies.  
      46  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  We maintain a significant available-for-sale fixed-maturity portfolio to support our insurance
policyholders’ liabilities. Current accounting guidance requires that we revalue our portfolio to fair market value at the end of each accounting period. The period-to-period changes in fair value, net of their associated impact on deferred
acquisition costs and income tax, are reflected directly in shareholders’ equity. Changes in the fair value of the portfolio can result from changes in interest rates and liquidity in financial markets. While invested assets are revalued,
accounting rules do not permit interest-bearing insurance policy liabilities to be valued at fair value in a consistent manner as that of assets, with changes in value applied directly to shareholders’ equity. Due to the size of our policy
liabilities in relation to our shareholders’ equity, this inconsistency in measurement usually has a material impact on the reported value of shareholders’ equity. If these liabilities were revalued in the same manner as the assets, the
effect on equity would be largely offset. Fluctuations in interest rates cause undue volatility in the period-to-period presentation of our shareholders’ equity, capital structure, and financial ratios which would be essentially removed if
interest-bearing liabilities were valued in the same manner as assets. From time to time, the market value of our fixed maturity portfolio may be depressed as a result of bond market illiquidity which could result in a significant decrease in
shareholders’ equity. Because of the long-term nature of our fixed maturities and liabilities and the strong cash flows generated by our insurance subsidiaries, we have the intent and ability to hold our securities to maturity. As such, we do
not expect to incur losses due to fluctuations in market value of fixed maturities caused by interest rate changes and temporarily illiquid markets. Accordingly, our management, credit rating agencies, lenders, many industry analysts, and certain
other financial statement users prefer to remove the effect of this accounting rule when analyzing our balance sheet, capital structure, and financial ratios.      
 The following tables present selected data related to our capital resources. Additionally, the tables present the effect of this accounting guidance
on relevant line items, so that investors and other financial statement users may determine its impact on Torchmark’s capital structure.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Selected Financial Data 
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 At December 31, 2014 
   
   
 At December 31, 2013 
   
   
 At December 31, 2012 
   
 
   
   
 GAAP 
   
   
 Effect
of Accounting Rule Requiring Revaluation  (1) 
   
   
 GAAP 
   
   
 Effect
of Accounting Rule Requiring Revaluation  (1) 
   
   
 GAAP 
   
   
 Effect
of Accounting Rule Requiring Revaluation  (1) 
   
 
   Fixed maturities (millions) 
   
 $ 
 14,493 
    
   
 $ 
 1,669 
    
   
 $ 
 12,879 
    
   
 $ 
 390 
    
   
 $ 
 13,541 
    
   
 $ 
 1,578 
    
 
   Deferred acquisition costs (millions)  (2) 
   
   
 3,472 
    
   
   
 (16 
 )  
   
   
 3,338 
    
   
   
 (10 
 )  
   
   
 3,198 
    
   
   
 (25 
 )  
 
   Total assets (millions) 
   
   
 20,215 
    
   
   
 1,653 
    
   
   
 18,192 
    
   
   
 380 
    
   
   
 18,777 
    
   
   
 1,553 
    
 
   Short-term debt (millions) 
   
   
 238 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 229 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 319 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Long-term debt (millions) 
   
   
 992 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 991 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 990 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Shareholders’ equity (millions) 
   
   
 4,697 
    
   
   
 1,074 
    
   
   
 3,776 
    
   
   
 247 
    
   
   
 4,362 
    
   
   
 1,009 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Book value per diluted share  (3) 
   
   
 36.19 
    
   
   
 8.28 
    
   
   
 27.66 
    
   
   
 1.81 
    
   
   
 30.56 
    
   
   
 7.07 
    
 
   Debt to capitalization
 (4) 
   
   
 20.8 
 %  
   
   
 (4.6 
 )%  
   
   
 24.4 
 %  
   
   
 (1.3 
 )%  
   
   
 23.1 
 %  
   
   
 (5.0 
 )%  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Diluted shares outstanding (thousands)  (3) 
   
   
 129,812 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 136,537 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 142,707 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Actual shares outstanding (thousands)  (3) 
   
   
 127,930 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 134,252 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 141,353 
    
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Amount added to (deducted from) comprehensive income to produce the stated GAAP item  
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Includes the value of insurance purchased  
 
 
 (3) 
   
 Outstanding shares and per share amounts have been retrospectively adjusted for the three-for-two stock split effective July 1, 2014.  
 
 
 (4) 
   
 Torchmark’s debt covenants require that the effect of the accounting rule requiring revaluation be removed to determine this ratio. This ratio is computed by dividing total
debt by the sum of debt and shareholders’ equity.        FASB guidance provides for an option which, if elected, would permit us to value our interest-bearing policy liabilities and debt at fair value in our  Consolidated Balance Sheets . However, unlike the
accounting rule which permits us to account for changes in our available-for-sale bond portfolio through other comprehensive income, the guidance requires such changes to be recorded in earnings. Because
 
      47  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
both the size and duration of the investment portfolio do not match those attributes of our policyholder liabilities and debt, the impact on earnings could be very significant and volatile,
causing reported earnings not to be reflective of core results. Therefore, we have not elected this option.      
 Torchmark’s ratio of earnings before interest and taxes to interest requirements (times interest earned) was 11.2 times in 2014, compared with
10.5 times in 2013 and 2012. This times-interest-earned ratio is computed by dividing interest expense into the sum of pre-tax income from continuing operations and interest expense. A discussion of our interest expense is included in the discussion
of financing costs under the caption  Investments  in this report.        Financial Strength Ratings.     The financial strength of our major insurance subsidiaries is rated by Standard & Poor’s and A. M. Best. The following chart presents these
ratings for our five largest insurance subsidiaries at December 31, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Standard & Poor’s 
    
 A.M. Best 
   


 
   Liberty 
    
 AA- 
    
   
 A+ (Superior) 
    
 
   Globe 
    
 AA- 
    
   
 A+ (Superior) 
    
 
   United American 
    
 A+ 
    
   
 A+ (Superior) 
    
 
   American Income 
    
 AA- 
    
   
 A+ (Superior) 
    
 
   Family Heritage 
    
 N/A 
    
   
 A (Excellent) 
    
       A.M. Best states that it assigns an A+
(Superior) rating to those companies which, in its opinion, have demonstrated superior overall performance when compared to the norms of the life/health insurance industry. A+ (Superior) companies have a superior ability to meet their ongoing
insurance obligations. Companies rated A (Excellent) are considered to have excellent ability to meet those obligations.      
 The AA financial strength rating category is assigned by Standard & Poor’s Corporation (S&P) to those insurers which have very strong
financial security characteristics, differing only slightly from those rated higher. An insurer rated A has strong financial security characteristics, but is somewhat more likely to be affected by adverse business conditions than are insurers with
higher ratings. The plus sign (+) or minus sign  (-)  shows the relative standing within the major rating category.      
 In August 2014, S&P updated its outlook on Torchmark’s capital position to a negative outlook. The revised outlook was due to a change in
S&P’s view of certain internal components of Torchmark’s existing capital position rather than a change in the capital position itself. Management believes Torchmark’s regulatory capital position is currently as strong as it has
been for many years and we expect our consolidated RBC ratio to remain at least 325% going forward. While we are currently evaluating multiple options to address S&P’s comments, we do not anticipate any change in our share repurchase
program as a result of S&P’s action.        OTHER ITEMS
       Litigation.     Torchmark and
its subsidiaries are subject to being named as parties to pending or threatened litigation, much of which involves punitive damage claims based upon allegations of agent misconduct at the insurance subsidiaries. Such punitive damage claims may have
the potential for significant adverse results since Torchmark and its subsidiaries operate in jurisdictions where large punitive damage awards bearing little or no relation to actual damages continue to be awarded. This bespeaks caution since it is
impossible to predict the likelihood or extent of punitive damages that may be awarded if liability is found in any given case. Based upon information presently available, and in light of legal and other factual defenses available to Torchmark and
its subsidiaries, contingent liabilities arising from threatened and pending litigation are not presently considered by us to be material. For more information concerning litigation, please refer to  Note 15 — Commitments and
Contingencies  in the  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   
      48  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES        Future Policy Benefits.     Because of the long-term nature of insurance contracts, our
insurance companies are liable for policy benefit payments that will be made in the future. The liability for future policy benefits is determined by standard actuarial procedures common to the life insurance industry. The accounting policies for
determining this liability are disclosed in  Note 1 — Significant  Accounting Policies  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.    
     Approximately 84% of our liabilities for future policy benefits at
December 31, 2014 were traditional insurance liabilities where the liability is determined as the present value of future benefits less the present value of the portion of the gross premium required to pay for such benefits. The assumptions used in
estimating the future benefits for this portion of business are set at the time of contract issue. These assumptions are “locked in” and are not revised for the lifetime of the contracts, except where there is a premium deficiency, as
defined in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  in the  Notes to   Consolidated Financial Statements  under the caption  Future Policy Benefits.  Otherwise, variability in the accrual of policy reserve liabilities after
policy issuance is caused only by variability of the inventory of in force policies. Torchmark did not have a premium deficiency event for its traditional business during the three years ended December 31, 2014.  
     The remaining portion of liabilities for future policy benefits
pertains to business accounted for as deposit business, where the recorded liability is the fund balance attributable to the benefit of policyholders as determined by the policy contract at the financial statement date. Accordingly, there are no
assumptions used to determine the future policy benefit liability for deposit business.        Deferred Acquisition Costs.     Certain costs of acquiring new business are deferred and recorded as an asset. Deferred acquisition costs eligible for deferral consist primarily of sales
commissions and other underwriting costs related to the successful issuance of a new insurance contract as indicated in  Note  1 — Significant Accounting Policies  under the caption  Deferred Acquisition Costs  in
the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  Additionally, the cost of acquiring blocks of insurance business or insurance business through the purchase of other companies, known as the value of insurance purchased, is included in deferred
acquisition costs. Our policies for accounting for deferred acquisition costs and the associated amortization are reported under the same caption in  Note 1 .   
     Approximately 99% of our recorded amounts for deferred acquisition
costs at December 31, 2014 were related to traditional products and are being amortized over the premium-paying period in proportion to the present value of actual historic and estimated future gross premiums. The projection assumptions for this
business are set at the time of contract issue. These assumptions are “locked-in” at that time and, except where there is a loss recognition issue, are not revised for the lifetime of the contracts. Absent a premium deficiency, variability
in amortization after policy issuance is caused only by variability in premium volume. We have not recorded a deferred acquisition cost loss recognition event for assets related to this business for any period in the three years ended December 31,
2014.        The remaining 1% of deferred acquisition costs
pertain to deposit business for which deferred acquisition costs are amortized over the estimated lives of the contracts in proportion to actual and estimated future gross profits. These contracts are not subject to lock-in. The assumptions must be
updated when actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier estimates should be revised. Revisions related to our deposit business assets have not had a material impact on the amortization of deferred acquisition costs during the three
years ended December 31, 2014.        Policy Claims and
Other Benefits Payable.     This liability consists of known benefits currently payable and an estimate of claims that have been incurred but not yet reported to us. The estimate of unreported claims is based on prior
experience and is made after careful evaluation of all information available to us. However, the factors upon which these estimates are based can be subject to change from historical patterns. Factors involved include the litigation environment,
regulatory mandates, and the introduction of policy types for which claim patterns are not well established, and medical trend rates and medical cost inflation as they affect our health claims. Changes in these estimates, if any, are reflected in
the earnings of the period in which the adjustment is made. We believe that the estimates used to produce the liability for claims and other benefits, including the estimate of unsubmitted claims, are the most appropriate
 
      49  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
under the circumstances. However, there is no certainty that the resulting stated liability will be our ultimate obligation. At this time, we do not expect any change in this estimate to have a
material impact on earnings or financial position consistent with our historical experience.        Valuation of Fixed Maturities.     We hold a substantial investment in high-quality fixed maturities to provide for the funding of our future policy contractual obligations over long
periods of time. While these securities are generally expected to be held to maturity, they are classified as available for sale and are sold from time to time, primarily to manage risk. We report this portfolio at fair value. Fair value is the
price that we would expect to receive upon sale of the asset in an orderly transaction. The fair value of the fixed-maturity portfolio is primarily affected by changes in interest rates in financial markets, having a greater impact on longer-term
maturities. Because of the size of our fixed-maturity portfolio, small changes in rates can have a significant effect on the portfolio and the reported financial position of the Company. This impact is disclosed in 100 basis point increments under
the caption  Market Risk  Sensitivity  in this report. However, as discussed under the caption  Financial Condition  in this report, we believe these unrealized fluctuations in value have no meaningful impact on our actual financial
condition and, as such, we remove them from consideration when viewing our financial position and financial ratios.      
 At times, the values of our fixed maturities can also be affected by illiquidity in the financial markets. Illiquidity would contribute to a spread
widening, and accordingly unrealized losses, on many securities that we would expect to be fully recoverable. Even though our fixed maturity portfolio is available for sale, we have the ability and intent to hold the securities until maturity as a
result of our strong and stable cash flows generated from our insurance products. Considerable information concerning the policies, procedures, classification levels, and other relevant data concerning the valuation of our fixed-maturity investments
is presented in  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  and in  Note 4—Investments  under the captions  Fair Value Measurements  in both notes.  
     Impairment of Investments.     We continually
monitor our investment portfolio for investments that have become impaired in value, where fair value has declined below carrying value. While the values of the investments in our portfolio constantly fluctuate due to market conditions, an
other-than-temporary impairment charge is recorded only when a security has experienced a decline in fair market value which is deemed to be other than temporary. The policies and procedures that we use to evaluate and account for impairments of
investments are disclosed in  Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies   in the  Notes to   Consolidated  Financial Statements  and the discussions under the captions  Investments  and  Realized
Gains and  Losses  in this report. While every effort is made to make the best estimate of status and value with the information available regarding an other-than-temporary impairment, it is difficult to predict the future prospects of a
distressed or impaired security.        Defined benefit pension
plans.     We maintain funded defined benefit plans covering most full-time employees. We also have unfunded nonqualified defined benefit plans covering certain key and other employees. Our obligations under these plans are
determined actuarially based on specified actuarial assumptions. In accordance with GAAP, an expense is recorded each year as these pension obligations grow due to the increase in the service period of employees and the interest cost associated with
the passage of time. These obligations are offset, at least in part, by the growth in value of the assets in the funded plans. At December 31, 2014, our gross liability under these funded plans was $403 million, but was offset by assets of
$323 million.        The actuarial assumptions used in
determining our obligations for pensions include employee mortality and turnover, retirement age, the expected return on plan assets, projected salary increases, and the discount rate at which future obligations could be settled. These assumptions
have an important effect on the pension obligation. A decrease in the discount rate or rate of return on plan assets will cause an increase in the pension obligation. A decrease in projected salary increases will cause a decrease in this obligation.
Small changes in assumptions may cause significant differences in reported results for these plans. For example, a sensitivity analysis is presented below for the impact of change in the  
      50  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  
discount rate and the long-term rate of return on assets assumed on our defined benefit pension plans expense for the year 2014 and projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2014.
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Assumption 
   
 % Change 
   
    
 Impact on Expense 
   
    
 Impact on Projected Benefit Obligation 
   
 
   
   
   
   
    
 (Dollars in Thousands) 
   


 
   Discount Rate (1): 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Increase 
   
   
 0.25 
   
    
 $ 
 (2,610 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (19,809 
 )  
 
   Decrease 
   
   
 (0.25 
 )  
    
   
 2,754 
   
    
   
 21,059 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Expected Return (2): 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Increase 
   
   
 0.25 
   
    
   
 (758 
 )  
    
 
 
 
 
   Decrease 
   
   
 (0.25 
 )  
    
   
 758 
   
    
 
 
 
     
 
 
   
 (1) 
   
 The discount rate was 5.12% for 2014 expense and 4.23% for the projected benefit obligation at December 31, 2014  
 
 
   
 (2) 
   
 The expected return rate assumed was 6.97%      
 The Company determines mortality assumptions through the use of published mortality tables that reflect broad-based studies of mortality and
published longevity improvement scales. During 2014, the Company revised the mortality assumptions based on an evaluation of a new mortality table and longevity scale released by the Society of Actuaries. The change in these assumptions added
approximately $26 million to the projected benefit obligation as of December 31, 2014.        The criteria used to determine the primary assumptions are discussed in  Note 9 — Postretirement Benefits  in the  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  While we have used our best
efforts to determine the most reliable assumptions, given the information available from company experience, economic data, independent consultants and other sources, we cannot be certain that actual results will be the same as expected. The
assumptions are reviewed annually and revised, if necessary, based on more current information available to us.  Note 9  also contains information about pension plan assets, investment policies, and other related data.  
      51  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS  
     We caution readers regarding certain forward-looking statements
contained in the foregoing discussion and elsewhere in this document, and in any other statements made by us or on our behalf whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any statement that is not a historical fact,
or that might otherwise be considered an opinion or projection concerning us or our business, whether express or implied, is meant as and should be considered a forward-looking statement. Such statements represent our opinions concerning future
operations, strategies, financial results or other developments.        Forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions that are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. If these estimates or
assumptions prove to be incorrect, the actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements made on the basis of such estimates or assumptions. Whether or not actual results differ materially from forward-looking statements may
depend on numerous foreseeable and unforeseeable events or developments, which may be national in scope, related to the insurance industry generally, or applicable to Torchmark specifically. Such events or developments could include, but are not
necessarily limited to:        1) Changes in
lapse rates and/or sales of our insurance policies as well as levels of mortality, morbidity and utilization of healthcare services that differ from our assumptions;  
     2) Federal and state legislative and regulatory
developments, particularly those impacting taxes and changes to the federal Medicare program that would affect Medicare Supplement and Medicare Part D insurance;  
     3) Market trends in the senior-aged health care
industry that provide alternatives to traditional Medicare, such as health maintenance organizations (HMOs) and other managed care or private plans, and that could affect the sales of traditional Medicare Supplement insurance;  
     4) Interest rate changes that affect product sales
and/or investment portfolio yield;        5)
General economic, industry sector or individual debt issuers’ financial conditions that may affect the current market value of securities that we own, or that may impair issuers’ ability to pay interest due us on those securities;
       6) Changes in pricing competition;
       7) Litigation results;  
     8) Levels of administrative and operational
efficiencies that differ from our assumptions;        9) Our inability to obtain timely and appropriate premium rate increases for health insurance policies due to regulatory delay;  
     10) The customer response to new products and
marketing initiatives; and        11) Reported
amounts in the financial statements which are based on our estimates and judgments which may differ from the actual amounts ultimately realized.      
 Readers are also directed to consider other risks and uncertainties described in our other documents on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
       Item
7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk        Information required by this item is found under the heading  Market Risk Sensitivity  in  Item   7  beginning on page 42 of this report.  
      52  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Item 8.     Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page 
   


 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 54 
    
 
   Consolidated Financial Statements: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2014 and 2013 
    
   
 55 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2014 
    
   
 56 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2014 
    
   
 57 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014
 
    
   
 58 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2014 
    
   
 59 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 60 
    
 
      53  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
     To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of  
 Torchmark Corporation    McKinney, Texas  
     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Torchmark Corporation and subsidiaries (Torchmark) as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2014. Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15. These financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of Torchmark’s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our audits.      
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.        In our opinion, such consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Torchmark Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2014, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.      
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Torchmark’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the criteria established in   Internal Control—Integrated Framework  (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our
report dated February 27, 2015 expressed an unqualified opinion on Torchmark’s internal control over financial reporting.      
 /s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP        Dallas, Texas    February 27, 2015  
      54  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
 
   
   
     2014     
   
   
     2013     
   


 
   Assets: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed maturities—available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: 2014—$12,823,612; 2013—$12,488,875) 
   
 $ 
 14,493,060 
    
   
 $ 
 12,879,133 
    
 
   Equity securities, at fair value (cost: 2014—$776; 2013—$875) 
   
   
 1,477 
    
   
   
 1,884 
    
 
   Policy loans 
   
   
 472,109 
    
   
   
 448,887 
    
 
   Other long-term investments 
   
   
 10,449 
    
   
   
 13,207 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 15,882 
    
   
   
 76,890 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total investments 
   
   
 14,992,977 
    
   
   
 13,420,001 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash 
   
   
 66,019 
    
   
   
 36,943 
    
 
   Accrued investment income 
   
   
 204,879 
    
   
   
 200,038 
    
 
   Other receivables 
   
   
 543,988 
    
   
   
 331,103 
    
 
   Deferred acquisition costs 
   
   
 3,471,781 
    
   
   
 3,337,649 
    
 
   Goodwill 
   
   
 441,591 
    
   
   
 441,591 
    
 
   Other assets 
   
   
 493,495 
    
   
   
 424,419 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
   
 $ 
 20,214,730 
    
   
 $ 
 18,191,744 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Future policy benefits 
   
 $ 
 11,750,495 
    
   
 $ 
 11,256,155 
    
 
   Unearned and advance premiums 
   
   
 72,275 
    
   
   
 74,174 
    
 
   Policy claims and other benefits payable 
   
   
 212,137 
    
   
   
 223,380 
    
 
   Other policyholders’ funds 
   
   
 95,446 
    
   
   
 94,286 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total policy liabilities 
   
   
 12,130,353 
    
   
   
 11,647,995 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Current and deferred income taxes payable 
   
   
 1,797,265 
    
   
   
 1,285,574 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
   
   
 359,118 
    
   
   
 261,898 
    
 
   Short-term debt 
   
   
 238,398 
    
   
   
 229,070 
    
 
   Long-term debt (estimated fair value: 2014—$1,148,749; 2013—$1,131,391) 
   
   
 992,130 
    
   
   
 990,865 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
   
   
 15,517,264 
    
   
   
 14,415,402 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ equity: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock, par value $1 per share—Authorized 5,000,000 shares; outstanding: 0 in 2014 and in 2013 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Common stock, par value $1 per share—Authorized 320,000,000 shares; outstanding: (2014—134,218,183 issued, less 6,287,907 held in
treasury and 2013—151,218,183 issued, less 16,965,802 held in treasury)* 
   
   
 134,218 
    
   
   
 151,218 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
   
   
 457,613 
    
   
   
 462,058 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 997,452 
    
   
   
 210,981 
    
 
   Retained earnings* 
   
   
 3,376,846 
    
   
   
 3,495,533 
    
 
   Treasury stock 
   
   
 (268,663 
 )  
   
   
 (543,448 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
   
   
 4,697,466 
    
   
   
 3,776,342 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
   
 $ 
 20,214,730 
    
   
 $ 
 18,191,744 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      * Amounts have been retrospectively adjusted for the stock split
described in  Note 1 .        See accompanying Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      55  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
  (Amounts in thousands except per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
       2014       
   
   
       2013       
   
   
       2012       
   


 
   Revenue: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Life premium 
    
 $ 
 1,966,300 
    
   
 $ 
 1,885,332 
    
   
 $ 
 1,808,524 
    
 
   Health premium 
    
   
 1,242,720 
    
   
   
 1,166,410 
    
   
   
 1,047,379 
    
 
   Other premium 
    
   
 400 
    
   
   
 532 
    
   
   
 559 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total premium 
    
   
 3,209,420 
    
   
   
 3,052,274 
    
   
   
 2,856,462 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net investment income 
    
   
 729,207 
    
   
   
 709,743 
    
   
   
 693,644 
    
 
   Realized investment gains (losses) 
    
   
 23,548 
    
   
   
 10,668 
    
   
   
 43,433 
    
 
   Other-than-temporary impairments 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (2,678 
 )  
   
   
 (5,600 
 )  
 
   Other income 
    
   
 2,121 
    
   
   
 1,931 
    
   
   
 1,577 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
   
 3,964,296 
    
   
   
 3,771,938 
    
   
   
 3,589,516 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Benefits and expenses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Life policyholder benefits 
    
   
 1,301,562 
    
   
   
 1,227,857 
    
   
   
 1,172,020 
    
 
   Health policyholder benefits 
    
   
 875,633 
    
   
   
 817,687 
    
   
   
 739,541 
    
 
   Other policyholder benefits 
    
   
 42,005 
    
   
   
 43,302 
    
   
   
 44,121 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total policyholder benefits 
    
   
 2,219,200 
    
   
   
 2,088,846 
    
   
   
 1,955,682 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 
    
   
 418,772 
    
   
   
 403,389 
    
   
   
 385,167 
    
 
   Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition expenses 
    
   
 249,076 
    
   
   
 221,426 
    
   
   
 203,986 
    
 
   Other operating expense 
    
   
 222,654 
    
   
   
 214,690 
    
   
   
 198,176 
    
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 76,126 
    
   
   
 80,461 
    
   
   
 80,512 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total benefits and expenses 
    
   
 3,185,828 
    
   
   
 3,008,812 
    
   
   
 2,823,523 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income before income taxes 
    
   
 778,468 
    
   
   
 763,126 
    
   
   
 765,993 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 (235,529 
 )  
   
   
 (234,654 
 )  
   
   
 (236,669 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net income 
    
 $ 
 542,939 
    
   
 $ 
 528,472 
    
   
 $ 
 529,324 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Basic net income per share* 
    
 $ 
 4.15 
    
   
 $ 
 3.84 
    
   
 $ 
 3.65 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Diluted net income per share* 
    
 $ 
 4.09 
    
   
 $ 
 3.79 
    
   
 $ 
 3.60 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      * Per share amounts have been retrospectively adjusted for the stock
split described in  Note 1 .        See accompanying Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      56  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
  (Amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
       2014       
   
   
       2013       
   
   
       2012       
   


 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 542,939 
    
   
 $ 
 528,472 
    
   
 $ 
 529,324 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized investment gains (losses): 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period 
   
   
 1,312,841 
    
   
   
 (1,166,332 
 )  
   
   
 657,954 
    
 
   Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses on securities included in net income 
   
   
 (23,771 
 )  
   
   
 (13,138 
 )  
   
   
 (41,745 
 )  
 
   Reclassification adjustment for amortization of (discount) premium 
   
   
 (8,621 
 )  
   
   
 (6,569 
 )  
   
   
 462 
    
 
   Foreign exchange adjustment on securities recorded at fair value 
   
   
 (1,567 
 )  
   
   
 (1,173 
 )  
   
   
 (4,334 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
   
   
 1,278,882 
    
   
   
 (1,187,212 
 )  
   
   
 612,337 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on other investments: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during period 
   
   
 4,180 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
   
 2,517 
    
 
   Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 3,532 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on other investments 
   
   
 4,180 
    
   
   
 3,560 
    
   
   
 2,517 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total unrealized investment gains (losses) 
   
   
 1,283,062 
    
   
   
 (1,183,652 
 )  
   
   
 614,854 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Less applicable taxes 
   
   
 (448,985 
 )  
   
   
 415,481 
    
   
   
 (215,194 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on investments, net of tax 
   
   
 834,077 
    
   
   
 (768,171 
 )  
   
   
 399,660 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) attributable to deferred acquisition costs 
   
   
 (6,200 
 )  
   
   
 14,906 
    
   
   
 7,234 
    
 
   Less applicable taxes 
   
   
 2,170 
    
   
   
 (5,217 
 )  
   
   
 (2,532 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Unrealized gains (losses) attributable to deferred acquisition costs, net of tax 
   
   
 (4,030 
 )  
   
   
 9,689 
    
   
   
 4,702 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Foreign exchange translation adjustments, other than securities 
   
   
 (10,770 
 )  
   
   
 (2,962 
 )  
   
   
 3,487 
    
 
   Less applicable taxes 
   
   
 3,290 
    
   
   
 1,220 
    
   
   
 (1,118 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Foreign exchange translation adjustments, other than securities, net of tax 
   
   
 (7,480 
 )  
   
   
 (1,742 
 )  
   
   
 2,369 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Pension adjustments: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of pension costs 
   
   
 10,285 
    
   
   
 18,366 
    
   
   
 14,799 
    
 
   Plan amendments 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (3,452 
 )  
 
   Experience gain (loss) 
   
   
 (65,817 
 )  
   
   
 52,296 
    
   
   
 (59,613 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Pension adjustments 
   
   
 (55,532 
 )  
   
   
 70,662 
    
   
   
 (48,266 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Less applicable taxes 
   
   
 19,436 
    
   
   
 (24,732 
 )  
   
   
 16,894 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Pension adjustments, net of tax 
   
   
 (36,096 
 )  
   
   
 45,930 
    
   
   
 (31,372 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
   
   
 786,471 
    
   
   
 (714,294 
 )  
   
   
 375,359 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 $ 
 1,329,410 
    
   
 $ 
 (185,822 
 )  
   
 $ 
 904,683 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.  
      57  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY  
  (Amounts in thousands except per share data)  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Preferred Stock 
   
   
 Common Stock 
   
   
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
   
   
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
   
   
 Retained Earnings 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   
   
 Total Shareholders’ Equity 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2012 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at January 1, 2012 
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 168,468 
    
   
 $ 
 425,331 
    
   
 $ 
 549,916 
    
   
 $ 
 3,208,555 
    
   
 $ 
 (492,639 
 )  
   
 $ 
 3,859,631 
    
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 375,359 
    
   
   
 529,324 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 904,683 
    
 
   Common dividends declared ($.40 a share)* 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (57,592 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (57,592 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of treasury stock 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (570,165 
 )  
   
   
 (570,165 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 18,413 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 3,192 
    
   
   
 21,605 
    
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 22,602 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (51,322 
 )  
   
   
 232,344 
    
   
   
 203,624 
    
 
   Retirement of treasury stock* 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (9,750 
 )  
   
   
 (26,564 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (278,533 
 )  
   
   
 314,847 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 158,718 
    
   
   
 439,782 
    
   
   
 925,275 
    
   
   
 3,350,432 
    
   
   
 (512,421 
 )  
   
   
 4,361,786 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2013 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (714,294 
 )  
   
   
 528,472 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (185,822 
 )  
 
   Common dividends declared ($.45 a share)* 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (61,991 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (61,991 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of treasury stock 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (482,264 
 )  
   
   
 (482,264 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 23,464 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 563 
    
   
   
 1,615 
    
   
   
 25,642 
    
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 21,315 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (25,195 
 )  
   
   
 122,871 
    
   
   
 118,991 
    
 
   Retirement of treasury stock* 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (7,500 
 )  
   
   
 (22,503 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (296,748 
 )  
   
   
 326,751 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 151,218 
    
   
   
 462,058 
    
   
   
 210,981 
    
   
   
 3,495,533 
    
   
   
 (543,448 
 )  
   
   
 3,776,342 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Year Ended December 31, 2014 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Comprehensive income (loss) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 786,471 
    
   
   
 542,939 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,329,410 
    
 
   Common dividends declared ($.51 a share) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (65,998 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (65,998 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of treasury stock 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (449,308 
 )  
   
   
 (449,308 
 )  
 
   Stock-based compensation 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 31,315 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 362 
    
   
   
 526 
    
   
   
 32,203 
    
 
   Exercise of stock options 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 18,524 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (22,641 
 )  
   
   
 78,934 
    
   
   
 74,817 
    
 
   Retirement of treasury stock 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (17,000 
 )  
   
   
 (54,284 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (573,349 
 )  
   
   
 644,633 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 134,218 
    
   
 $ 
 457,613 
    
   
 $ 
 997,452 
    
   
 $ 
 3,376,846 
    
   
 $ 
 (268,663 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,697,466 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      * Dollar and per share amounts have been retrospectively adjusted to
give effect to the stock split described in  Note 1 .      
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
      58  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (Amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
       2014       
   
   
       2013       
   
   
       2012       
   


 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 542,939 
    
   
 $ 
 528,472 
    
   
 $ 
 529,324 
    
 
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided from operations: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Increase in future policy benefits 
   
   
 585,632 
    
   
   
 578,217 
    
   
   
 497,306 
    
 
   Increase (decrease) in other policy benefits 
   
   
 (11,982 
 )  
   
   
 (6,006 
 )  
   
   
 (8,115 
 )  
 
   Deferral of policy acquisition costs 
   
   
 (567,271 
 )  
   
   
 (524,263 
 )  
   
   
 (480,818 
 )  
 
   Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 
   
   
 418,772 
    
   
   
 403,389 
    
   
   
 385,167 
    
 
   Change in current and deferred income taxes 
   
   
 98,711 
    
   
   
 76,121 
    
   
   
 122,538 
    
 
   Realized (gains) losses on sale of investments and properties 
   
   
 (23,548 
 )  
   
   
 (7,990 
 )  
   
   
 (37,833 
 )  
 
   Change in other receivables 
   
   
 (163,522 
 )  
   
   
 50,900 
    
   
   
 (89,677 
 )  
 
   Other, net 
   
   
 (15,023 
 )  
   
   
 20,440 
    
   
   
 24,947 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash provided from operations 
   
   
 864,708 
    
   
   
 1,119,280 
    
   
   
 942,839 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash used for investment activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments sold or matured: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed maturities available for sale—sold 
   
   
 109,024 
    
   
   
 133,463 
    
   
   
 345,601 
    
 
   Fixed maturities available for sale—matured, called, and repaid 
   
   
 273,223 
    
   
   
 493,885 
    
   
   
 736,900 
    
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 700 
    
   
   
 14,000 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Other long-term investments 
   
   
 795 
    
   
   
 1,333 
    
   
   
 9,458 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total investments sold or matured 
   
   
 383,742 
    
   
   
 642,681 
    
   
   
 1,091,959 
    
 
   Acquisition of investments: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed maturities—available for sale 
   
   
 (704,993 
 )  
   
   
 (1,143,840 
 )  
   
   
 (1,431,690 
 )  
 
   Other long-term investments 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (591 
 )  
   
   
 (1,786 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total investments acquired 
   
   
 (704,993 
 )  
   
   
 (1,144,431 
 )  
   
   
 (1,433,476 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of Family Heritage, net of cash acquired 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (186,424 
 )  
 
   Net increase in policy loans 
   
   
 (23,222 
 )  
   
   
 (24,837 
 )  
   
   
 (23,130 
 )  
 
   Net (increase) decrease in short-term investments 
   
   
 61,008 
    
   
   
 17,970 
    
   
   
 (73,616 
 )  
 
   Net change in payable or receivable for securities 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (43,987 
 )  
   
   
 3,647 
    
 
   Additions to properties 
   
   
 (19,367 
 )  
   
   
 (11,168 
 )  
   
   
 (4,667 
 )  
 
   Sales of properties 
   
   
 8,752 
    
   
   
 570 
    
   
   
 56 
    
 
   Investments in low-income housing interests 
   
   
 (56,083 
 )  
   
   
 (51,176 
 )  
   
   
 (72,388 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash used for investment activities 
   
   
 (350,163 
 )  
   
   
 (614,378 
 )  
   
   
 (698,039 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash provided from (used for) financing activities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Issuance of common stock 
   
   
 56,294 
    
   
   
 97,816 
    
   
   
 181,022 
    
 
   Cash dividends paid to shareholders 
   
   
 (65,006 
 )  
   
   
 (60,911 
 )  
   
   
 (55,527 
 )  
 
   Issuance of 3.8% Senior Notes 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 150,000 
    
 
   Issuance of 5.875% Junior Subordinated Debentures 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 125,000 
    
 
   Issue expenses of debt offerings 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (7,101 
 )  
 
   Repayment of 7.375% Notes 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (94,050 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Redemption of 7.1% Junior Subordinated Debentures 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (123,711 
 )  
 
   Net borrowing (repayment) of commercial paper 
   
   
 9,328 
    
   
   
 3,983 
    
   
   
 245 
    
 
   Excess tax benefit from stock option exercises 
   
   
 18,524 
    
   
   
 21,315 
    
   
   
 22,602 
    
 
   Acquisition of treasury stock 
   
   
 (449,308 
 )  
   
   
 (482,264 
 )  
   
   
 (570,165 
 )  
 
   Net receipts (payments) from deposit-type product 
   
   
 (69,792 
 )  
   
   
 (21,808 
 )  
   
   
 8,523 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash provided from (used for) financing activities 
   
   
 (499,960 
 )  
   
   
 (535,919 
 )  
   
   
 (269,112 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash 
   
   
 14,491 
    
   
   
 6,250 
    
   
   
 1,909 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Increase (decrease) in cash 
   
   
 29,076 
    
   
   
 (24,767 
 )  
   
   
 (22,403 
 )  
 
   Cash at beginning of year 
   
   
 36,943 
    
   
   
 61,710 
    
   
   
 84,113 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash at end of year 
   
 $ 
 66,019 
    
   
 $ 
 36,943 
    
   
 $ 
 61,710 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.  
      59  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      
  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  
      Business:     Torchmark
Corporation (Torchmark or alternatively, the Company) through its subsidiaries provides a variety of life and health insurance products and annuities to a broad base of customers.  
     Basis of Presentation:     The accompanying
consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP), under guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). The preparation of
financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.      
 Principles of Consolidation:     The consolidated financial statements include the results of Torchmark and its
wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. When Torchmark acquires a subsidiary or a block of business, the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are measured at fair value at
the acquisition date. Any excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of net assets is recorded as goodwill. Expenses incurred to effect the acquisition are charged to earnings as of the acquisition date. Upon acquisition, the accounts and
results of operations are consolidated as of and subsequent to the acquisition date.        Torchmark accounts for its variable interest entities (VIE’s) under accounting guidance which clarifies the definition of a variable interest and the instructions for consolidating VIE’s. Only primary
beneficiaries are required or allowed to consolidate VIE’s. Therefore, a company may have voting control of a VIE, but if it is not the primary beneficiary of the VIE, it is not permitted to consolidate the VIE. The trust that was liable for
Torchmark’s 7.1% Trust Preferred Securities that were redeemed in October, 2012 met the definition of a VIE. However, Torchmark was not the primary beneficiary of this entity because its interest was not variable. Therefore, Torchmark was not
permitted to consolidate its interest, even though it owned 100% of the voting equity of the trust and guaranteed its performance. For this reason, Torchmark reported its 7.1% Junior Subordinated Debentures due to the trust as “Due to
affiliates” each period at its carrying value. However, Torchmark viewed the Trust Preferred Securities as it does any other debt offering and consolidated the trust in its segment analysis because GAAP requires that the segment analysis be
reported as management views its operations and financial condition. More information about the redemption of these securities is disclosed in  Note 11—Debt .  
     Additionally, as further described under the caption  Low-Income
Housing Tax Credit Interests  below in this note, Torchmark holds passive interests in limited partnerships which provide investment returns through the provision of tax benefits (principally from the transfer of Federal or state tax credits
related to federal low-income housing). These interests are also considered to be VIEs. They are not consolidated because the Company has no power to control the activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of these entities
and therefore the Company is not the primary beneficiary of any of these interests. Torchmark’s involvement is limited to its limited partnership interest in the entities. Torchmark has not provided any other financial support to the entities
beyond its commitments to fund its limited partnership interests, and there are no arrangements or agreements with any of the interests to provide other financial support. The maximum loss exposure relative to these interests is limited to their
carrying value.        When a component of Torchmark’s
business is sold or expected to be sold during the ensuing year, Torchmark reports the assets and liabilities of the component as assets and liabilities of subsidiaries held for sale. Assets or liabilities of subsidiaries held for sale are
segregated and are recorded in the  Consolidated Balance  Sheets  at the lower of the carrying amount or estimated fair value less cost to sell. If the carrying amount of the business exceeds its estimated fair value, a loss is
recognized. Torchmark reports the results of operations of a business as discontinued operations when the component is sold or  
      60  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  
expected to be sold, the operations and cash flows of the business have been or will be eliminated from the ongoing operations as a result of the disposal transaction, and Torchmark will not have
any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the business after the disposal transaction. The results of discontinued operations are reported in discontinued operations in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  for current
and prior periods commencing in the period in which the business is either disposed of or is accounted for as a disposal group, including any gain or loss recognized on the sale or adjustment of the carrying amount to fair value less cost to sell.
       Investments:     Torchmark
classifies all of its fixed-maturity investments, which include bonds and redeemable preferred stocks, as available for sale. Investments classified as available for sale are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred
taxes, reflected directly in accumulated other comprehensive income. Investments in equity securities, which include common and nonredeemable preferred stocks, are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes,
reflected directly in accumulated other comprehensive income. Policy loans are carried at unpaid principal balances. Mortgage loans, included in “Other long-term investments,” are carried at amortized cost. Investments in real estate,
included in “Other long-term investments,” are reported at cost less allowances for depreciation. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line method. Short-term investments include investments in interest-bearing time deposits with
original maturities of twelve months or less.        Gains and
losses realized on the disposition of investments are determined on a specific identification basis. Income attributable to investments is included in Torchmark’s net investment income. Net investment income and realized investment gains and
losses are not allocated to insurance policyholders’ liabilities.        Fair Value Measurements, Investments in Securities:     Torchmark measures the fair value of its fixed maturities and equity securities based on a hierarchy consisting of three levels
which indicate the quality of the fair value measurements as described below:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 1  – fair values are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access as
of the measurement date.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 2  – fair values are based on inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are
observable for the asset or liability, or inputs that can otherwise be corroborated by observable market data.      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Level 3  – fair values are based on inputs that are considered unobservable where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability
as of the measurement date. In this circumstance, the Company has to rely on values derived by independent brokers or internally-developed assumptions. Unobservable inputs are developed based on the best information available to the Company which
may include the Company’s own data or bid and ask prices in the dealer market.      
 The great majority of the Company’s fixed maturities are not actively traded and direct quotes are not generally available. Management
therefore determines the fair values of these securities after consideration of data provided by third-party pricing services and independent broker/dealers. Over 99% of the fair value reported at December 31, 2014 was determined using data provided
by third-party pricing services. Prices provided by third-party pricing services are not binding offers but are estimated exit values. They are based on observable market data inputs which can vary by security type. Such inputs include benchmark
yields, available trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and other market data. Management reviews and analyzes all prices obtained to insure the reasonableness of the values, taking all available
information into account. In addition, management corroborates the prices obtained from third-party sources against other independent sources. When  
      61  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  
corroborated prices produce small variations, the close correlation indicates observable inputs, and the mean value is used. When corroborated prices present greater variations, additional
analysis is required to determine which value is the most appropriate. When only one price is available, management evaluates observable inputs and performs additional analysis to confirm that the price is appropriate. All fair value measurements
based on prices determined with observable market data are reported as Level 1 or Level 2 measurements.      
 When third-party vendor prices are not available, the Company attempts to obtain at least three quotes from broker/dealers for each security. When
at least three quotes are obtained, and the standard deviation of such quotes is less than 3%, (suggesting that the independent quotes were likely derived using similar observable inputs), the Company uses the mean quote and classifies the
measurement as Level 2. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, there were no assets valued as Level 2 in this manner with broker quotes.      
 When the standard deviation is 3% or greater, or the Company cannot obtain three quotes, then additional information and management judgment are
required to establish the fair value. Further review is performed on the available quotes to determine if they can be corroborated within reasonable tolerance to any other observable evidence. If one of the quotes or the mean of the available quotes
can be corroborated with other observable evidence, then the value is reported as Level 2. Otherwise, the value is classified as Level 3. The Company uses information and valuation techniques deemed appropriate for determining the point within the
range of reasonable fair value estimates that is most representative of fair value under current market conditions. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, fair value measurements classified as Level 3 represented 4.0% and 2.8%, respectively, of total
fixed maturities and equity securities.  Transfers between levels are recognized as of the end of the period of transfer.      
 Beginning in 2012, Torchmark began investing in a portfolio of private placement bonds which are not actively traded. This portfolio is managed by a
third party and was $497 million at amortized cost on December 31, 2014, compared with $313 million a year earlier. The portfolio manager provides valuations for the bonds based on a pricing matrix utilizing observable inputs, such as the benchmark
treasury rate and published sector indices, and unobservable inputs such as an internally-developed credit rating. If the unobservable inputs can be closely corroborated with publicly available information, the fair values are classified as Level 2.
If they cannot be corroborated, the fair values are classified as Level 3. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, all private placements were classified as Level 3.      
 The fair values for each class of security and by valuation hierarchy level are indicated in  Note 4—Investments  under the caption
 Fair value measurements.         Fair Value Measurements,
Other Financial Instruments:     Fair values for cash, short-term investments, short-term debt, receivables and payables approximate carrying value. Policy loans are an integral part of Torchmark’s subsidiaries’ life
insurance policies in force and cannot be valued separately. The fair values of Torchmark’s long-term debt issues are based on the same methodology as investments in fixed maturities. Because observable inputs were available for these debt
securities at December 31, 2014, they were classified as Level 2 in the valuation hierarchy. The fair value for each debt instrument as of December 31, 2014 is disclosed in  Note 11—Debt.  As described in  Note 9—Postretirement
Benefits , Torchmark maintains an unqualified supplemental retirement plan. Because this plan is unfunded, the assets which support the liability for this plan are considered general assets of the Company. These assets consist of the cash value
of corporate-owned life insurance policies and exchange traded funds (ETF’s). The fair value of the insurance cash values approximates carrying value. Fair values for the ETF’s are derived from direct quotes and are considered Level 1 in
the valuation hierarchy.        Impairment of
Investments:     Torchmark’s portfolio of fixed maturities fluctuates in value due to changes in interest rates in the financial markets as well as other factors. Fluctuations caused by market interest rate changes
have little bearing on whether or not the investment will be ultimately recoverable.  
      62  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  
Therefore, Torchmark considers these declines in value resulting from changes in market interest rates to be temporary. In certain circumstances, however, Torchmark determines that the decline in
the value of a security is other-than-temporary and writes the book value of the security down to its fair value, realizing an investment loss. The evaluation of Torchmark’s securities for other-than-temporary impairments is a process that is
undertaken at least quarterly and is overseen by a team of Company investment and accounting professionals. Each security which is impaired because the fair value is less than the cost or amortized cost is identified and evaluated. The determination
that an impairment is other-than-temporary is highly subjective and involves the careful consideration of many factors. Among the factors considered are:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The length of time and extent to which the security has been impaired  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The reason(s) for the impairment      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The financial condition of the issuer and the near-term prospects for recovery in fair value of the security  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The Company’s ability and intent to hold the security until anticipated recovery  
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Expected future cash flows      
 The relative weight given to each of these factors can change over time as facts and circumstances change. In many cases, management believes it is
appropriate to give relatively more weight to prospective factors than to retrospective factors. Prospective factors that are given more weight include prospects for recovery, the Company’s ability and intent to hold the security until
anticipated recovery, and expected future cash flows.        Among the facts and
information considered in the process are:      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Default on a required payment      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Issuer bankruptcy filings      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Financial statements of the issuer      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Changes in credit ratings of the issuer      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   The value of underlying collateral      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   News and information included in press releases issued by the issuer  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   News and information reported in the media concerning the issuer  
   
 
 
   
 • 
   
   News and information published by or otherwise provided by credit analysts      
 
 
   
 • 
   
   Recent cash flows      
 While all available information is taken into account, it is difficult to predict the ultimately recoverable amount of a distressed or impaired security. If a
security is determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired, the cost basis of the security is written down to fair value and is treated as a realized loss in the period the determination is made. The written-down security will be amortized and
revenue recognized in accordance with estimated future cash flows.        Current accounting guidance is such that if an entity intends to sell or if it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell an impaired security prior to recovery of its cost basis, the security is to
be considered other-than-temporarily impaired and the full amount of impairment must be charged to earnings. Otherwise, losses on fixed maturities which are other-than-temporarily impaired are separated into two categories, the portion of loss which
is considered credit loss and the portion of loss which is due to other factors. The credit loss portion is charged to earnings while the loss due to other factors is  
      63  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  
charged to other comprehensive income. The credit loss portion of an impairment is determined as the difference between the security’s amortized cost and the present value of expected future
cash flows discounted at the security’s original effective yield rate. The temporary portion is the difference between this present value of expected future cash flows and fair value (as discounted by a market yield). The expected cash flows
are determined using judgment and the best information available to the Company. Inputs used to derive expected cash flows include expected default rates, current levels of subordination, and loan-to-collateral value ratios. Management believes that
the present value of future cash flows at the original effective yield is a better measure of valuation, because fair value determined by a discounted market yield is often based on limited observable market data, and the market for these securities
is generally neither active nor orderly.      
 Cash:     Cash consists of balances on hand and on deposit in banks and financial institutions. Overdrafts arising from
the overnight investment of funds offset cash balances on hand and on deposit.        Recognition of Premium Revenue and Related Expenses:     Premium income for traditional long-duration life and health insurance products is recognized when due from the policyholder.
Premiums for short-duration health contracts are recognized as revenue over the contract period in proportion to the insurance protection provided. Profits for limited-payment life insurance contracts are recognized over the contract period.
Premiums for universal life-type and annuity contracts are added to the policy account value, and revenues for such products are recognized as charges to the policy account value for mortality, administration, and surrenders (retrospective deposit
method). Life premium includes policy charges of $21 million, $22 million, and $23 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. Other premium consists of annuity policy charges in each year. Profits are
also earned to the extent that investment income exceeds policy liability interest requirements. The related benefits and expenses are matched with revenues by means of the provision of future policy benefits and the amortization of deferred
acquisition costs in a manner which recognizes profits as they are earned over the same period.        Future Policy Benefits:     The liability for future policy benefits for universal life-type products is represented by policy account value. The liability for future policy benefits for
all other life and health products, approximately 84% of total future policy benefits, is determined on the net level premium method. This method provides for the present value of expected future benefit payments less the present value of expected
future net premiums, based on estimated investment yields, mortality, morbidity, persistency and other assumptions which were considered appropriate at the time the policies were issued. For limited-payment contracts, a deferred profit liability is
also recorded which causes profits to emerge over the life of the contract in proportion to policies in force. Assumptions used for traditional life and health insurance products are based primarily on Company experience. Assumptions for interest
rates range from 2.5% to 7.0% for Torchmark’s insurance companies with an overall weighted average assumed rate of 5.7%. Mortality tables used for individual life insurance include various statutory tables and modifications of a variety of
generally accepted actuarial tables. Morbidity assumptions for individual health are based on Company experience and industry data. Withdrawal and termination assumptions are based on Torchmark’s experience. Once established, assumptions for
these products are generally not changed. An additional provision is made on most products to allow for possible adverse deviation from the assumptions. These estimates are periodically reviewed and compared with actual experience. If it is
determined that existing contract liabilities, together with the present value of future gross premiums, will not be sufficient to cover the present value of future benefits and to recover unamortized deferred acquisition costs, then a premium
deficiency exists. Such a deficiency would be recognized immediately by a charge to earnings and either a reduction of unamortized deferred acquisition costs or an increase in the liability for future policy benefits. From that point forward, the
liability for future policy benefits would be based on the revised assumptions.  
      64  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  Deferred Acquisition Costs : Certain costs of acquiring new insurance business are deferred
and recorded as an asset. These costs are essential for the acquisition of new insurance business and are directly related to the successful issuance of an insurance contract including sales commissions, policy issue costs, and underwriting costs.
Additionally, deferred acquisition costs include the value of insurance purchased, which are the costs of acquiring blocks of insurance from other companies or through the acquisition of other companies. These costs represent the difference between
the fair value of the contractual insurance assets acquired and liabilities assumed compared against the assets and liabilities for insurance contracts that the Company issues or holds measured in accordance with GAAP. Deferred acquisition costs and
the value of insurance purchased are amortized in a systematic manner which matches these costs with the associated revenues. Policies other than universal life-type policies are amortized with interest over the estimated premium-paying period of
the policies in a manner which charges each year’s operations in proportion to the receipt of premium income. Universal life-type policies are amortized with interest in proportion to estimated gross profits. The assumptions used to amortize
acquisition costs with regard to interest, mortality, morbidity, and persistency are consistent with those used to estimate the liability for future policy benefits. For interest-sensitive and deposit-balance type products, these assumptions are
reviewed on a regular basis and are revised if actual experience differs significantly from original expectations. For all other products, amortization assumptions are generally not revised once established. Deferred acquisition costs are subject to
periodic recoverability and loss recognition testing to determine if there is a premium deficiency. These tests evaluate whether the present value of future contract-related cash flows will support the capitalized deferred acquisition cost asset.
These cash flows consist primarily of premium income, less benefits and expenses taking inflation into account. The present value of these cash flows, less the benefit reserve, is then compared with the unamortized deferred acquisition cost balance.
In the event the estimated present value of net cash flows is less, the deficiency would be recognized by a charge to earnings and either a reduction of unamortized acquisition costs or an increase in the liability for future benefits, as described
under the caption  Future Policy Benefits .      
 Advertising Costs : Costs related to advertising are generally charged to expense as incurred. However, certain direct response advertising
costs are capitalized when there is a reliable and demonstrated relationship between total costs and future benefits that is a direct result of incurring these costs. Torchmark’s Direct Response advertising costs consist primarily of the
production and distribution costs of direct mail advertising materials, and when capitalized are included as a component of deferred acquisition costs. They are amortized in the same manner as other deferred acquisition costs. Direct response
advertising costs charged to earnings and included in other operating expense were $8 million, $6 million, and $16 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. Capitalized advertising costs included within deferred acquisition costs were
$1.15 billion at December 31, 2014 and $1.09 billion at December 31, 2013.        Policy Claims and Other Benefits Payable:     Torchmark establishes a liability for known policy benefits payable and an estimate of claims that have been incurred but not yet reported to
the Company. The estimate of unreported claims is based on prior experience. Torchmark makes an estimate after careful evaluation of all information available to the Company. However, there is no certainty the stated liability for claims and other
benefits, including the estimate of unsubmitted claims, will be Torchmark’s ultimate obligation.      
 Income Taxes:     Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement book values and tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date. More information concerning income taxes is provided in  Note 8—Income Taxes .  
      65  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  Property and Equipment:     Property and equipment, included in
“Other assets,” is reported at cost less allowances for depreciation. Depreciation is recorded primarily on the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of these assets which range from three to ten years for equipment and five
to forty years for buildings and improvements. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to income as incurred. Impairments, if any, are recorded when, based on events and circumstances, it becomes evident that the fair value of the asset is less
than its carrying amount. Original cost of property and equipment was $139 million at December 31, 2014 and $136 million at December 31, 2013. Accumulated depreciation was $85 million at year end 2014 and $85 million at the end of 2013.
Depreciation expense was $7.4 million in 2014, $6.4 million in 2013, and $7.1 million in 2012. During 2013, Liberty National Life Insurance Company (Liberty National), a Torchmark subsidiary, sold real estate for a loss of $265 thousand
after a previous write-down for other-than-temporary impairment of $2.7 million earlier in the year. The sale of this property eliminated substantially all asbestos-related liability for Torchmark.  
     Low-Income Housing Tax Credit
Interests:     As of December 31, 2014, Torchmark had $318 million invested in limited partnerships that provide low-income housing tax credits and other related Federal income tax and state premium tax benefits to
Torchmark. The carrying value of Torchmark’s investment in these entities was $290 million at December 31, 2013. As of December 31, 2014, Torchmark was obligated under future commitments of $76 million, which is included in the above
carrying value. Interests for which the return has been guaranteed by unrelated third-parties are accounted for using the  effective-yield  method. The remaining interests are accounted for using the
amortized-cost method.        The Federal income benefits accrued
during each of the years presented, net of the amortization associated with guaranteed interests, were recorded in “Income taxes.” Amortization associated with non-guaranteed interests and interests providing for state premium tax benefits
was reflected as a component of “Net investment income.” All state premium tax benefits, net of the related amortization, were recorded in “Net investment income.” At December 31, 2014, $313 million associated with the
Federal interests was included in “Other assets” with the remaining $5 million state-related interests included in “Other invested assets.” At December 31, 2013, the comparable amounts were $283 million and $7 million,
respectively. Any unpaid commitments to invest are recorded in “Other liabilities.” In the segment analysis, the amortization associated with the non-guaranteed interests is reflected as a component of “Income tax expenses,” and
not “Net investment income,” consistent with the treatment of the guaranteed interests. Management views this presentation as a more accurate matching of costs with the associated revenues with respect to the low-income housing interests.
       As described later in this note, under the caption
 Unadopted Accounting Policies , Torchmark will adopt new accounting guidance concerning its interests in low-income housing beginning in 2015. The new guidance will result in accounting for these items in a manner more consistent with the
Company’s segment analysis.      
 Goodwill:     The excess cost of business acquired over the fair value of net assets acquired is reported as goodwill.
Goodwill is subject to annual impairment testing based on certain procedures outlined by GAAP. These procedures include a qualitative assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, and they also require consideration
of a change in relevant events or circumstances that could possibly affect the valuation of a goodwill reporting unit. If it is determined that an impairment is likely, the procedures then involve measuring the carrying value of each reporting unit
of Torchmark’s segments, including the goodwill of that unit, against the estimated fair value of the corresponding unit. If the carrying value of a unit including goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value, then the goodwill in that unit could
potentially be impaired. In that event, further testing is required under the accounting guidance to determine the amount of impairment, if any. If there is an impairment in the goodwill of any reporting unit, it is written down and charged to
earnings in the period of test.        Torchmark has tested its
goodwill annually in each of the years 2012 through 2014. These tests, performed in the second quarter each year, involved assigning carrying value by allocating the Company’s net assets to each of the reporting units of Torchmark’s
segments, including the portion of  
      66  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  
goodwill assigned to the unit. In 2012, the qualitative assessment was employed as permitted by accounting guidance. Based on the analyses as outlined in the guidance, it was determined that an
impairment of goodwill was not likely. In both 2014 and 2013, the fair values of the various reporting units were developed. The fair value of each reporting unit was determined using discounted expected cash flows associated with that unit.
Judgment and assumptions are used in developing the projected cash flows for the reporting units, and such estimates are subject to change. The Company also exercises judgment in the determination of the discount rate, which management believes to
be appropriate for the risk associated with the cash flow expectations. The fair value of each reporting unit is then measured against that reporting unit’s corresponding carrying value. Because the estimated fair value substantially exceeded
the carrying value, including goodwill, of each reporting unit in each period, Torchmark’s goodwill was not impaired in any of those periods.      
 Treasury Stock:     Torchmark accounts for purchases of treasury stock on the cost method. Issuance of treasury stock is
accounted for using the weighted-average cost method.      
 Postretirement Benefits:     Torchmark accounts for its postretirement defined benefit plans by recognizing the funded
status of those plans on its  Consolidated Balance Sheets  in accordance with accounting guidance. Periodic gains and losses attributable to changes in plan assets and liabilities that are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit
costs are recognized as components of other comprehensive income, net of tax. More information concerning the accounting and disclosures for postretirement benefits is found in  Note 9 — Postretirement Benefits.   
     Stock Compensation:     Torchmark accounts
for stock-based compensation by recognizing an expense in the financial statements based on the “fair value method.” The fair value method requires that a fair value be assigned to a stock option or other stock grant on its grant date and
that this value be amortized over the grantees’ service period.        The fair value method requires the use of an option valuation model to value employee stock options. Torchmark has elected to use the Black-Scholes valuation model for option expensing. A summary of assumptions for
options granted in each of the three years 2012 through 2014 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Volatility factor 
    
   
 30.9 
 %  
   
   
 38.5 
 %  
   
   
 39.4 
 %  
 
   Dividend yield 
    
   
 .89 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
   
   
 1.0 
 %  
 
   Expected term (in years) 
    
   
 5.65 
    
   
   
 5.62 
    
   
   
 5.55 
    
 
   Risk-free rate 
    
   
 1.9 
 %  
   
   
 1.1 
 %  
   
   
 1.3 
 %  
       The expected term is generally derived
from Company experience. However, expected terms are determined based on the simplified method as permitted by Staff Accounting Bulletins 107 and 110 when company experience is insufficient. The Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan replaced all
previous plans and allows for option grants with a ten-year contractual term which vest over five years in addition to seven-year grants which vest over three years as permitted by the previous plans. The Company has sufficient experience with
seven-year grants that vest in three years, but insufficient historical experience with five-year vesting. Therefore, Torchmark has used the simplified method to determine the expected term for the ten-year grants with five-year vesting and will do
so until adequate experience is developed. Volatility and risk-free interest rates are assumed over a period of time consistent with the expected term of the option. Volatility is measured on a historical basis. Monthly data points are utilized to
derive volatility for periods greater than three years. Expected dividend yield is based on current dividend yield held constant over the expected term. Once the fair value of an option has been determined, it is amortized on a straight-line basis
over the employee’s service period for that grant (from the grant date to the date the grant is fully vested). Expenses for restricted stock and restricted stock units are based on the grant-date fair value allocated on a straight-line basis
over the service period. Performance share expense is recognized based on management’s estimate of the probability of meeting the metrics identified in the performance share award agreement, assigned to each service period as these estimates
develop.  
      67  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  Torchmark management views all stock-based compensation expense as a corporate or Parent Company
expense and, therefore, presents it as such in its segment analysis (See  Note 14—Business Segments ). It is included in “Other operating expense” in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations .  
     Stock Split:     Torchmark declared a
three-for-two stock split paid in the form of a 50% stock dividend on all of the Company’s outstanding common stock, having a record date of June 2, 2014. On July 1, 2014, the payment date, holders of Torchmark common stock received one
additional share of stock for every two shares held. Upon completion of the transaction, Torchmark had 139,218,183 shares issued at a par value of $1 per share and 131,031,843 shares outstanding after giving effect to the purchase of $26 thousand in
fractional shares on July 1, 2014. Shareholders’ equity component amounts as of December 31, 2013 were retrospectively adjusted to reflect this stock dividend. All share and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect this stock split
for all periods presented in these consolidated financial statements.        Earnings Per Share:     Torchmark presents basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the  Consolidated Statements of Operations . Basic EPS is computed by dividing
income available to common shareholders by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is calculated by adding to shares outstanding the additional net effect of potentially dilutive securities or contracts, such as
stock options, which could be exercised or converted into common shares. For more information on earnings per share, see  Note  12 — Shareholders’ Equity.         Unadopted Accounting Policies  
     Low- income housing tax
credits :     The FASB has issued new accounting guidance,  Investments-Equity Method and Joint Ventures: Accounting for Investments in Qualified Affordable Housing Projects (ASU 2014-01).  This accounting guidance
replaces the effective yield method of accounting with respect to investments in qualified affordable housing projects and, if certain conditions are present, provides for a new method of accounting. The new method of accounting allows an investor
to amortize the cost of its investment based on the proportion of the tax credits/benefits received during the year to the total expected tax credits/benefits to be received over the life of the investment and will be recognized in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations  as a component of “Income tax expense.” Additional disclosures are required concerning investments in qualified affordable housing.        The new guidance is effective for Torchmark beginning January 1, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The guidance
continues to permit the effective-yield method for investments held as of the date of adoption. Adoption is required on a retrospective basis. Torchmark does not expect that adoption will have a material impact on the consolidated financial
statements .         Revenue
recognition :    The FASB issued  Accounting Standard Update No. 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09) , to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue, to provide more consistency and
comparability in revenue recognition practices, and to simplify recognition requirements along with other improvements. ASU 2014-09 will be effective for Torchmark beginning in calendar year 2017. The Company is currently evaluating this new
guidance. Torchmark’s revenues consist of insurance premium and revenues related to financial instruments. These forms of revenue are not within the scope of ASC 2014-09 because they are addressed by other guidance. Therefore, Torchmark does
not expect that the implementation of this guidance will result in any significant change in the manner the Company recognizes its revenue.      
 Share-based performance awards :     New accounting guidance has also been issued pertaining to share awards with
performance targets. This standard, entitled  Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could be Achieved After the Requisite Service Period (ASU 2014-12),  is effective for Torchmark
beginning in calendar year 2016, with early adoption permitted. The new guidance provides that the Company must take into account the  
      68  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies (continued)  
   
  
performance target in the recognition of compensation expense once the achievement of the performance target is probable. Torchmark has a limited number of such awards, but currently accounts for
these items consistent with the new guidance. Therefore, no material impact is expected from adoption.      
 Going concern :     The FASB has issued  Presentation of Financial Statements – Going Concern (Subtopic
205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (ASU 2014-15).  This new standard requires management to perform interim and annual assessments of the entity’s ability to continue its
business operations within one year of the date of issuance of its financial statements. The Company must then provide certain disclosures if there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. ASU 2014-15 is effective for
Torchmark for the year ended December 31, 2016 and for interim periods thereafter. Early adoption is permitted.      
  Note 2—Statutory Accounting  
      Life insurance subsidiaries of Torchmark are
required to file statutory financial statements with state insurance regulatory authorities. Accounting principles used to prepare these statutory financial statements differ from GAAP. Consolidated net income and shareholders’ equity (capital
and surplus) on a statutory basis for the insurance subsidiaries were as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Net Income Year Ended December 31, 
   
    
 Shareholders’ Equity At December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   


 
   Life insurance subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 446,439 
    
    
 $ 
 572,509 
    
    
 $ 
 484,327 
    
    
 $ 
 1,262,624 
    
    
 $ 
 1,328,803 
    
       The excess, if any, of
shareholder’s equity of the insurance subsidiaries on a GAAP basis over that determined on a statutory basis is not available for distribution by the insurance subsidiaries to Torchmark without regulatory approval. Insurance subsidiaries’
statutory capital and surplus necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements in the aggregate was $439 million at December 31, 2014. More information on the restrictions on the payment of dividends can be found in  Note 12—Shareholders’
Equity.         Torchmark’s statutory financial statements
are presented on the basis of accounting practices prescribed by the insurance department of the state of domicile of each insurance subsidiary. All states have adopted the National Association of Insurance Commissioners’ (NAIC) statutory
accounting practices (NAIC SAP) as the basis for statutory accounting. However, certain states have retained the prescribed practices of their respective insurance code or administrative code which can differ from NAIC SAP. There are no significant
differences between NAIC SAP and the accounting practices prescribed by the states of domicile for Torchmark’s life insurance companies that affect statutory surplus.  
      69  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 3—Supplemental Information About Changes to Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income  
      An analysis in the change in balance by component
of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income is as follows for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.      
 Components of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2013: 
    
 Available for Sale Assets 
   
   
 Deferred Acquisition Costs 
   
   
 Foreign Exchange 
   
   
 Pension Adjustments 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 2013 
    
 $ 
 1,024,367 
    
   
 $ 
 (16,417 
 )  
   
 $ 
 26,608 
    
   
 $ 
 (109,283 
 )  
   
 $ 
 925,275 
    
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax 
    
   
 (758,857 
 )  
   
   
 9,689 
    
   
   
 (1,742 
 )  
   
   
 33,992 
    
   
   
 (716,918 
 )  
 
   Reclassifications, net of tax 
    
   
 (9,314 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 11,938 
    
   
   
 2,624 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 (768,171 
 )  
   
   
 9,689 
    
   
   
 (1,742 
 )  
   
   
 45,930 
    
   
   
 (714,294 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 256,196 
    
   
   
 (6,728 
 )  
   
   
 24,866 
    
   
   
 (63,353 
 )  
   
   
 210,981 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2014: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax 
    
   
 855,132 
    
   
   
 (4,030 
 )  
   
   
 (7,480 
 )  
   
   
 (42,781 
 )  
   
   
 800,841 
    
 
   Reclassifications, net of tax 
    
   
 (21,055 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 6,685 
    
   
   
 (14,370 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 834,077 
    
   
   
 (4,030 
 )  
   
   
 (7,480 
 )  
   
   
 (36,096 
 )  
   
   
 786,471 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 1,090,273 
    
   
 $ 
 (10,758 
 )  
   
 $ 
 17,386 
    
   
 $ 
 (99,449 
 )  
   
 $ 
 997,452 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Reclassifications out of Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income are presented below for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.      
 Reclassification Adjustments      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Twelve months ended December 
31, 
   
   
   
 
   Component Line Item 
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
   Affected line items in the 
 Statement of Operations 


 
   Unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Realized (gains) losses 
    
 $ 
 (23,771 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (9,606 
 )  
   
 Realized investment gains (losses) 
 
   Amortization of (discount) premium 
    
   
 (8,621 
 )  
   
   
 (6,569 
 )  
   
 Net investment income 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
   Total before tax 
    
   
 (32,392 
 )  
   
   
 (16,175 
 )  
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 11,337 
    
   
   
 6,861 
    
   
 Income Taxes 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
   Total after tax 
    
   
 (21,055 
 )  
   
   
 (9,314 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Pension adjustments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
   Amortization of prior service cost 
    
   
 2,113 
    
   
   
 2,276 
    
   
 Other operating expenses 
 
   Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 8,172 
    
   
   
 16,090 
    
   
 Other operating expenses 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
   Total before tax 
    
   
 10,285 
    
   
   
 18,366 
    
   
 
 
   Tax 
    
   
 (3,600 
 )  
   
   
 (6,428 
 )  
   
 Income Taxes 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
   Total after tax 
    
   
 6,685 
    
   
   
 11,938 
    
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
   Total reclassifications (after tax) 
    
 $ 
 (14,370 
 )  
   
 $ 
 2,624 
    
   
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
      70  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 4—Investments  
      Portfolio Composition:  
     A summary of fixed maturities available for sale and equity securities
by cost or amortized cost and estimated fair value at December 31, 2014 and 2013 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2014: 
   
 Cost or Amortized Cost 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Amount per the Balance Sheet 
   
   
 % of Total Fixed Maturities* 
   


 
   Fixed maturities available for sale: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Bonds: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises 
   
 $ 
 367,463 
    
   
 $ 
 5,561 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,183 
 )  
   
 $ 
 369,841 
    
   
 $ 
 369,841 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
 
   States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 
   
   
 1,278,429 
    
   
   
 177,052 
    
   
   
 (718 
 )  
   
   
 1,454,763 
    
   
   
 1,454,763 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Foreign governments 
   
   
 25,824 
    
   
   
 1,350 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 27,173 
    
   
   
 27,173 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Corporates 
   
   
 10,565,620 
    
   
   
 1,501,212 
    
   
   
 (60,880 
 )  
   
   
 12,005,952 
    
   
   
 12,005,952 
    
   
   
 83 
    
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 67,876 
    
   
   
 4,165 
    
   
   
 (8,809 
 )  
   
   
 63,232 
    
   
   
 63,232 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Other asset-backed securities 
   
   
 21,424 
    
   
   
 1,104 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 22,528 
    
   
   
 22,528 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Redeemable preferred stocks 
   
   
 496,976 
    
   
   
 57,626 
    
   
   
 (5,031 
 )  
   
   
 549,571 
    
   
   
 549,571 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities 
   
   
 12,823,612 
    
   
   
 1,748,070 
    
   
   
 (78,622 
 )  
   
   
 14,493,060 
    
   
   
 14,493,060 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 776 
    
   
   
 701 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 1,477 
    
   
   
 1,477 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total fixed maturities and equity securities 
   
 $ 
 12,824,388 
    
   
 $ 
 1,748,771 
    
   
 $ 
 (78,622 
 )  
   
 $ 
 14,494,537 
    
   
 $ 
 14,494,537 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2013: 
   
 Cost or Amortized Cost 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Gains 
   
   
 Gross Unrealized Losses 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Amount per the Balance Sheet 
   
   
 % of Total Fixed Maturities* 
   


 
   Fixed maturities available for sale: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Bonds: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises 
   
 $ 
 428,106 
    
   
 $ 
 362 
    
   
 $ 
 (75,295 
 )  
   
 $ 
 353,173 
    
   
 $ 
 353,173 
    
   
   
 3 
 %  
 
   States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 
   
   
 1,278,434 
    
   
   
 69,817 
    
   
   
 (12,947 
 )  
   
   
 1,335,304 
    
   
   
 1,335,304 
    
   
   
 10 
    
 
   Foreign governments 
   
   
 43,811 
    
   
   
 411 
    
   
   
 (67 
 )  
   
   
 44,155 
    
   
   
 44,155 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Corporates 
   
   
 10,133,868 
    
   
   
 702,867 
    
   
   
 (300,389 
 )  
   
   
 10,536,346 
    
   
   
 10,536,346 
    
   
   
 82 
    
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 66,173 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (7,968 
 )  
   
   
 58,205 
    
   
   
 58,205 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Other asset-backed securities 
   
   
 35,568 
    
   
   
 2,699 
    
   
   
 (98 
 )  
   
   
 38,169 
    
   
   
 38,169 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Redeemable preferred stocks 
   
   
 502,915 
    
   
   
 25,064 
    
   
   
 (14,198 
 )  
   
   
 513,781 
    
   
   
 513,781 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities 
   
   
 12,488,875 
    
   
   
 801,220 
    
   
   
 (410,962 
 )  
   
   
 12,879,133 
    
   
   
 12,879,133 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 875 
    
   
   
 1,009 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 1,884 
    
   
   
 1,884 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total fixed maturities and equity securities 
   
 $ 
 12,489,750 
    
   
 $ 
 802,229 
    
   
 $ 
 (410,962 
 )  
   
 $ 
 12,881,017 
    
   
 $ 
 12,881,017 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 * 
   
 At fair value  
      71  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 4—Investments (continued)  
   
  A schedule of fixed maturities by contractual maturity at December 31, 2014 is shown below on an
amortized cost basis and on a fair value basis. Actual maturities could differ from contractual maturities due to call or prepayment provisions.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Amortized Cost 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   


 
   Fixed maturities available for sale: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Due in one year or less 
    
 $ 
 195,358 
    
    
 $ 
 198,639 
    
 
   Due from one to five years 
    
   
 477,616 
    
    
   
 535,088 
    
 
   Due from five to ten years 
    
   
 963,368 
    
    
   
 1,062,424 
    
 
   Due from ten to twenty years 
    
   
 3,621,769 
    
    
   
 4,168,982 
    
 
   Due after twenty years 
    
   
 7,473,762 
    
    
   
 8,439,509 
    
 
   Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities 
    
   
 91,739 
    
    
   
 88,418 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 12,823,612 
    
    
 $ 
 14,493,060 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Analysis of investment operations:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
   
     2013     
   
   
     2012     
   


 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net investment income is summarized as follows: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed maturities 
    
 $ 
 732,925 
    
   
 $ 
 709,756 
    
   
 $ 
 691,229 
    
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 8 
    
   
   
 323 
    
   
   
 1,178 
    
 
   Policy loans 
    
   
 35,015 
    
   
   
 33,471 
    
   
   
 30,717 
    
 
   Other long-term investments 
    
   
 1,508 
    
   
   
 1,281 
    
   
   
 2,320 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 75 
    
   
   
 138 
    
   
   
 311 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 769,531 
    
   
   
 744,969 
    
   
   
 725,755 
    
 
   Less investment expense 
    
   
 (40,324 
 )  
   
   
 (35,226 
 )  
   
   
 (32,111 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net investment income 
    
 $ 
 729,207 
    
   
 $ 
 709,743 
    
   
 $ 
 693,644 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   An analysis of realized gains (losses) from investments is as follows: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Realized investment gains (losses): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fixed maturities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Sales and other 
    
 $ 
 23,170 
    
   
 $ 
 13,138 
    
   
 $ 
 47,345 
    
 
   Other-than-temporary impairments 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (5,600 
 )  
 
   Equity securities 
    
   
 601 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Loss on redemption of debt 
    
   
 (258 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (4,109 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 35 
    
   
   
 (5,148 
 )  
   
   
 197 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 23,548 
    
   
   
 7,990 
    
   
   
 37,833 
    
 
   Applicable tax 
    
   
 (8,242 
 )  
   
   
 (4,025 
 )  
   
   
 (13,242 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Realized gains (losses) from investments, net of tax 
    
 $ 
 15,306 
    
   
 $ 
 3,965 
    
   
 $ 
 24,591 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   An analysis of the net change in unrealized investment gains (losses) is as follows: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Equity securities 
    
 $ 
 (308 
 )  
   
 $ 
 317 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,489 
 )  
 
   Fixed maturities available for sale 
    
   
 1,279,190 
    
   
   
 (1,187,529 
 )  
   
   
 613,826 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized gains (losses) on securities 
    
   
 1,278,882 
    
   
   
 (1,187,212 
 )  
   
   
 612,337 
    
 
   Other investments 
    
   
 4,180 
    
   
   
 3,560 
    
   
   
 2,517 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net change in unrealized gains (losses) 
    
 $ 
 1,283,062 
    
   
 $ 
 (1,183,652 
 )  
   
 $ 
 614,854 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Additional information about securities
sold is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
   
     2013     
   
   
     2012     
   


 
   Fixed maturities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Proceeds from sales 
    
 $ 
 109,024 
    
   
 $ 
 133,463 
    
   
 $ 
 345,601 
    
 
   Gross realized gains 
    
   
 17,583 
    
   
   
 5,948 
    
   
   
 40,851 
    
 
   Gross realized losses 
    
   
 (1,879 
 )  
   
   
 (1,310 
 )  
   
   
 (2,477 
 )  
 
      72  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

      Note 4—Investments
(continued)      
  Fair value measurements:  The following tables represent the fair value of assets measured
on a recurring basis at December 31, 2014 and 2013:       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2014 Using: 
   
 
   Description 
   
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
   
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
   
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
   
 Total Fair Value 
   


 
   Fixed maturities available for sale: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Bonds: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises 
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 369,841 
    
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 369,841 
    
 
   States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 
   
   
 1,504 
    
   
   
 1,453,259 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 1,454,763 
    
 
   Foreign governments 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 27,173 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 27,173 
    
 
   Corporates 
   
   
 86,571 
    
   
   
 11,406,667 
    
   
   
 512,714 
    
   
   
 12,005,952 
    
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 63,232 
    
   
   
 63,232 
    
 
   Other asset-backed securities 
   
   
 661 
    
   
   
 21,867 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 22,528 
    
 
   Redeemable preferred stocks 
   
   
 22,945 
    
   
   
 526,626 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 549,571 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities 
   
   
 111,681 
    
   
   
 13,805,433 
    
   
   
 575,946 
    
   
   
 14,493,060 
    
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 664 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 833 
    
   
   
 1,477 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities and equity securities 
   
 $ 
 112,325 
    
   
 $ 
 13,805,433 
    
   
 $ 
 576,779 
    
   
 $ 
 14,494,537 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Percentage of total 
   
   
 0.8 
 %  
   
   
 95.2 
 %  
   
   
 4.0 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2013 Using: 
   
 
   Description 
   
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
   
 Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
   
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
   
 Total Fair Value 
   
 
   Fixed maturities available for sale: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Bonds: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises 
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 353,173 
    
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 353,173 
    
 
   States, municipalities, and political subdivisions 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 1,335,304 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 1,335,304 
    
 
   Foreign governments 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 44,155 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 44,155 
    
 
   Corporates 
   
   
 47,058 
    
   
   
 10,188,988 
    
   
   
 300,300 
    
   
   
 10,536,346 
    
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 58,205 
    
   
   
 58,205 
    
 
   Other asset-backed securities 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 38,169 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 38,169 
    
 
   Redeemable preferred stocks 
   
   
 22,220 
    
   
   
 491,561 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 513,781 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities 
   
   
 69,278 
    
   
   
 12,451,350 
    
   
   
 358,505 
    
   
   
 12,879,133 
    
 
   Equity securities 
   
   
 1,108 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 776 
    
   
   
 1,884 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities and equity securities 
   
 $ 
 70,386 
    
   
 $ 
 12,451,350 
    
   
 $ 
 359,281 
    
   
 $ 
 12,881,017 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Percentage of total 
   
   
 0.5 
 %  
   
   
 96.7 
 %  
   
   
 2.8 
 %  
   
   
 100.0 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      73  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 4—Investments (continued)  
   
  The following table represents changes in assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Analysis of Changes in Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
 
   
    
 Asset- backed securities 
   
   
 Collateralized debt Obligations 
   
   
 Corporates* 
   
   
 Equities 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
   Balance at January 1, 2012 
    
 $ 
 7,122 
    
   
 $ 
 30,320 
    
   
 $ 
 11,250 
    
   
 $ 
 710 
    
    
 $ 
 49,402 
    
 
   Total gains or losses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Included in realized gains/losses 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 1,482 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 1,482 
    
 
   Included in other comprehensive income 
    
   
 1,078 
    
   
   
 12,067 
    
   
   
 3,600 
    
   
   
 29 
    
    
   
 16,774 
    
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 183,676 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 183,676 
    
 
   Sales 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (13,429 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (13,429 
 )  
 
   Amortization 
    
   
 (219 
 )  
   
   
 2,648 
    
   
   
 699 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 3,128 
    
 
   Other ** 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 1,536 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 1,536 
    
 
   Transfers into Level 3 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 43,794 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 43,794 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 7,981 
    
   
   
 46,571 
    
   
   
 231,072 
    
   
   
 739 
    
    
   
 286,363 
   
 
   Total gains or losses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Included in realized gains/losses 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Included in other comprehensive income 
    
   
 426 
    
   
   
 10,083 
    
   
   
 (17,243 
 )  
   
   
 37 
    
    
   
 (6,697 
 )  
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 129,755 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 129,755 
    
 
   Sales 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Amortization 
    
   
 (57 
 )  
   
   
 2,838 
    
   
   
 5 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 2,786 
    
 
   Other ** 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (1,287 
 )  
   
   
 (834 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (2,121 
 )  
 
   Transfers out of Level 3 
    
   
 (8,350 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (42,455 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (50,805 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 58,205 
    
   
   
 300,300 
    
   
   
 776 
    
    
   
 359,281 
    
 
   Total gains or losses: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Included in realized gains/losses 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 15,924 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 15,925 
    
 
   Included in other comprehensive income 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 3,323 
    
   
   
 27,864 
    
   
   
 57 
    
    
   
 31,244 
    
 
   Acquisitions 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 186,366 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 186,366 
    
 
   Sales 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (16,049 
 )  
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (16,050 
 )  
 
   Amortization 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 5,519 
    
   
   
 13 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 5,532 
    
 
   Other ** 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (3,690 
 )  
   
   
 (1,829 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (5,519 
 )  
 
   Transfers out of Level 3 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 63,232 
    
   
 $ 
 512,714 
    
   
 $ 
 833 
    
    
 $ 
 576,779 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
   
 Includes redeemable preferred stocks  
 
 
 ** 
   
 Includes capitalized interest and foreign exchange adjustments.      
 Acquisitions of Level 3 investments in 2014 and 2013 are comprised of private-placement fixed maturities managed by an unaffiliated third-party.
     
 Quantitative Information about Level 3    Fair Value Measurements    As of December 31, 2014
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Fair Value 
   
    
 Valuation Techniques 
    
 Unobservable Input 
    
 Range 
    
 Weighted Average 


 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
    
 $ 
 63,232 
    
    
 Discounted cash flows 
    
 Discount rate 
    
 9-12.5% 
    
 11.9% 
 
   Private placement fixed maturities 
    
   
 512,714 
    
    
 Discounted cash flows 
    
 Credit rating 
    
   BB+ to A+ 
    
   BBB 
 
   Other investments 
    
   
 833 
    
    
 Third-party pricing without adjustment 
    
 N/A 
    
 N/A 
    
 N/A 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 576,779 
    
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
 
    
 
    
 
    
 
 
      74  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 4—Investments (continued)  
   
  The collateral underlying collateralized debt obligations for which fair values are reported as
Level 3 consists primarily of trust preferred securities issued by banks and insurance companies. None of the collateral is subprime or Alt-A mortgages (loans for which the typical documentation was not provided by the borrower). Collateralized
debt obligations are valued at the present value of expected future cash flows using an unobservable discount rate. Expected cash flows are determined by scheduling the projected repayment of the collateral assuming no future defaults, deferrals, or
recoveries. The discount rate is risk-adjusted to take these items into account. A significant increase (decrease) in the discount rate will produce a significant decrease (increase) in fair value. Additionally, a significant increase (decrease) in
the cash flow expectations would result in a significant increase (decrease) in fair value.        The private placements are also valued based on discounted cash flows, resulting from the contractual cash flows discounted by a yield determined as a treasury benchmark adjusted for a credit spread. The credit
spread is developed from observable indices for similar public fixed maturities and unobservable indices for private fixed maturities for corresponding credit ratings. However, the credit ratings for the private placements are considered
unobservable inputs, as they are assigned by the third party investment manager based on a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the credit underwritten. A higher (lower) credit rating would result in a higher (lower) valuation. For more
information regarding valuation procedures, please refer to  Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies  under the caption  Fair Value Measurements, Investments in Securities .  
     The following table presents transfers in and out of each of the
valuation levels of fair values.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 In 
   
    
 Out 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 In 
   
    
 Out 
   
   
 Net 
   
   
 In 
   
    
 Out 
   
   
 Net 
   


 
   Level 1 
    
 $ 
 36,468 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 36,468 
    
   
 $ 
 19,416 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 19,416 
    
   
 $ 
 48,536 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 48,536 
    
 
   Level 2 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (36,468 
 )  
   
   
 (36,468 
 )  
   
   
 50,805 
    
    
   
 (19,416 
 )  
   
   
 31,389 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (92,330 
 )  
   
   
 (92,330 
 )  
 
   Level 3 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (50,805 
 )  
   
   
 (50,805 
 ) 
   
   
 43,794 
    
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 43,794 
    
       Transfers into Level 2 from Level 3
result from the availability of observable market data when a security is valued at the end of a period. Transfers into Level 3 occur when there is a lack of observable market information. Transfers into Level 1 from Level 2 occur when direct quotes
are available; transfers from Level 1 into Level 2 result when only observable market data and no direct quotes are available.      
 Other-than-temporary impairments:  Torchmark has determined that certain of its holdings in fixed maturity investments were
other-than-temporarily impaired during the three years ended December 31, 2014. The following table presents the writedowns recorded due to these impairments in accordance with accounting guidance and whether the writedown was charged to
earnings or other comprehensive income.        Writedowns for
Other-Than-Temporary Impairments      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   
 
   
    
 Net Income 
   
   
 Other Comprehensive Income 
   
    
 Net Income 
   
    
 Other Comprehensive Income 
   
    
 Net Income 
   
    
 Other Comprehensive Income 
   


 
   Corporate bonds (pre-tax) 
    
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 5,600 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   After tax 
    
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
    
 $ 
 3,640 
    
    
 $ 
 0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       As of year end 2014, previously written
down securities remaining in the portfolio were carried at a fair value of $52 million. Otherwise, as of December 31, 2014, Torchmark has no information available to cause it to believe that any of its investments are
other-than-temporarily impaired. Torchmark has the ability and intent to hold these investments to recovery, and does not intend to sell nor expects to be required to sell its other impaired securities.  
      75  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 4—Investments (continued)  
   
  Unrealized gains/loss analysis:      In 2013, increases in
interest rates in financial markets caused the net unrealized gain balances to decline to $390 million at December 31, 2013 from $1.6 billion a year earlier. During 2014, interest rates declined resulting in an increase in net unrealized gains at
December 31, 2014 to $1.7 billion. At December 31, 2014, investments in securities in the financial sector were in a $460 million net unrealized gain position. These investments in the financial sector represented 24% of the portfolio at
amortized cost and 25% at fair value. This is compared with a net unrealized gain position of $180 million at the end of the prior year. Investments and securities in the other sectors had net unrealized gains of $1.2 billion at year end 2014 and
$210 million at year end 2013. The following tables disclose gross unrealized investment losses by class of investment at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 for the respective periods of time in a loss position. Torchmark considers
these investments to be only temporarily impaired.      
 ANALYSIS OF GROSS UNREALIZED INVESTMENT LOSSES    At December 31, 2014      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Less than Twelve Months 
   
   
 Twelve Months or Longer 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Description of Securities 
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Unrealized Loss 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Unrealized Loss 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Unrealized Loss 
   


 
   Fixed maturities available for sale: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises 
   
 $ 
 4,478 
    
   
 $ 
 (7 
 )  
   
 $ 
 149,238 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,176 
 )  
   
 $ 
 153,716 
    
   
 $ 
 (3,183 
 )  
 
   States, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
   
 5,632 
    
   
   
 (206 
 )  
   
   
 20,756 
    
   
   
 (512 
 )  
   
   
 26,388 
    
   
   
 (718 
 )  
 
   Foreign governments 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 800 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 800 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
 
   Corporates 
   
   
 434,757 
    
   
   
 (17,491 
 )  
   
   
 810,945 
    
   
   
 (43,389 
 )  
   
   
 1,245,702 
    
   
   
 (60,880 
 )  
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 11,190 
    
   
   
 (8,809 
 )  
   
   
 11,190 
    
   
   
 (8,809 
 )  
 
   Other asset-backed securities 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Redeemable preferred stocks 
   
   
 1,008 
    
   
   
 (1 
 )  
   
   
 58,983 
    
   
   
 (5,030 
 )  
   
   
 59,991 
    
   
   
 (5,031 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities 
   
 $ 
 445,875 
    
   
 $ 
 (17,705 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,051,912 
    
   
 $ 
 (60,917 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,497,787 
    
   
 $ 
 (78,622 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       ANALYSIS OF GROSS UNREALIZED
INVESTMENT LOSSES    At December 31, 2013  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Less than Twelve Months 
   
   
 Twelve Months or Longer 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Description of Securities 
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Unrealized Loss 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Unrealized Loss 
   
   
 Fair Value 
   
   
 Unrealized Loss 
   


 
   Fixed maturities available for sale: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   U.S. Government direct, guaranteed, and government-sponsored enterprises 
   
 $ 
 242,144 
    
   
 $ 
 (42,885 
 )  
   
 $ 
 87,977 
    
   
 $ 
 (32,410 
 )  
   
 $ 
 330,121 
    
   
 $ 
 (75,295 
 )  
 
   States, municipalities and political subdivisions 
   
   
 167,660 
    
   
   
 (12,807 
 )  
   
   
 1,619 
    
   
   
 (140 
 )  
   
   
 169,279 
    
   
   
 (12,947 
 )  
 
   Foreign governments 
   
   
 11,966 
    
   
   
 (67 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 11,966 
    
   
   
 (67 
 )  
 
   Corporates 
   
   
 2,692,494 
    
   
   
 (196,139 
 )  
   
   
 600,350 
    
   
   
 (104,250 
 )  
   
   
 3,292,844 
    
   
   
 (300,389 
 )  
 
   Collateralized debt obligations 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 58,080 
    
   
   
 (7,968 
 )  
   
   
 58,080 
    
   
   
 (7,968 
 )  
 
   Other asset-backed securities 
   
   
 6,974 
    
   
   
 (26 
 )  
   
   
 3,873 
    
   
   
 (72 
 )  
   
   
 10,847 
    
   
   
 (98 
 )  
 
   Redeemable preferred stocks 
   
   
 106,229 
    
   
   
 (3,694 
 )  
   
   
 82,287 
    
   
   
 (10,504 
 )  
   
   
 188,516 
    
   
   
 (14,198 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total fixed maturities 
   
 $ 
 3,227,467 
    
   
 $ 
 (255,618 
 )  
   
 $ 
 834,186 
    
   
 $ 
 (155,344 
 )  
   
 $ 
 4,061,653 
    
   
 $ 
 (410,962 
 )  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      76  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 4—Investments (continued)  
   
  Additional information about investments in an unrealized loss position is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Less than Twelve  Months 
   
    
 Twelve Months or Longer 
   
    
 Total 
   


 
    
    
    
 
    
    
    
 
   Number of issues (Cusip numbers) held: 
      
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   As of December 31, 2014 
    
   
 80 
    
    
   
 173 
    
    
   
 253 
    
 
   As of December 31, 2013 
    
   
 462 
    
    
   
 130 
    
    
   
 592 
    
       Torchmark’s entire fixed-maturity
and equity portfolio consisted of 1,604 issues at December 31, 2014 and 1,619 issues at December 31, 2013. The weighted-average quality rating of all unrealized loss positions as of December 31, 2014 was BBB+, compared with BBB+ a
year earlier. The weighted-average quality ratings are based on amortized cost.        Other investment information:        Other long-term investments consist of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2014   
   
    
   2013   
   


 
   Investment real estate, at depreciated cost 
    
 $ 
 203 
    
    
 $ 
 203 
    
 
   Low-income housing interests 
    
   
 5,370 
    
    
   
 7,589 
    
 
   Other 
    
   
 4,876 
    
    
   
 5,415 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 10,449 
    
    
 $ 
 13,207 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Accumulated depreciation on investment
real estate was $1.7 million at both December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. Torchmark did not have any invested assets that were non-income producing during the twelve months ended December 31, 2014.  
   
  Note 5—Deferred Acquisition Costs  
      An analysis of deferred acquisition costs is as
follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 3,337,649 
    
    
 $ 
 3,198,431 
    
    
 $ 
 2,916,732 
    
 
   Additions: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Deferred during period: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Commissions 
    
   
 361,358 
    
    
   
 331,060 
    
    
   
 312,581 
    
 
   Other expenses 
    
   
 205,913 
    
    
   
 193,203 
    
    
   
 168,237 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deferred 
    
   
 567,271 
    
    
   
 524,263 
    
    
   
 480,818 
    
 
   Value of insurance purchased during year 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 8,489 
    
    
   
 175,257 
    
 
   Foreign exchange adjustment 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 3,557 
    
 
   Adjustment attributable to unrealized investment losses (1) 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 14,906 
    
    
   
 7,234 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total additions 
    
   
 567,271 
    
    
   
 547,658 
    
    
   
 666,866 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Deductions: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Amortized during
period 
    
   
 (418,772 
 )  
    
   
 (403,389 
 )  
    
   
 (385,167 
 )  
 
   Foreign exchange adjustment 
    
   
 (8,167 
 )  
    
   
 (5,051 
 )  
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Adjustment attributable to unrealized investment gains (1) 
    
   
 (6,200 
 )  
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total deductions 
    
   
 (433,139 
 )  
    
   
 (408,440 
 )  
    
   
 (385,167 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 3,471,781 
    
    
 $ 
 3,337,649 
    
    
 $ 
 3,198,431 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Represents amounts pertaining to investments relating to universal life-type products.  
      77  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 6—Acquisition  
      On November 1, 2012, Torchmark acquired all of the
outstanding common stock of Family Heritage Life Insurance Company of America (Family Heritage), a privately-held supplemental health insurance provider. Family Heritage was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio. It is a specialty
insurer focused primarily on selling protection-oriented individual supplemental health insurance products through a captive agency force. The purchase price was approximately $234 million, including post-closing adjustments and the assumption of
$20 million par value of debt in the form of trust preferred securities issued by Family Heritage’s previous parent company ($20 million fair value at the purchase date). The balance of the purchase price of approximately $214 million was
funded primarily with cash provided from borrowings as described in  Note 11—Debt . There was approximately $27 million of cash acquired in the transaction. Acquisition expenses in connection with the transaction charged to
Torchmark’s earnings in 2012 were $2.9 million ($1.9 million after tax). These costs were included as “Other operating expense” in the  Consolidated Statement of Operations  for 2012. In 2013, a one-time adjustment for the
finalization of accounting for the insurance assets and liabilities for the Family Heritage acquisition was completed. The result of this adjustment was a $1.5 million increase in pretax income ($522 thousand after tax), due to the net effect of an
increase in the policyholder benefit reserve of $8.5 million and a greater increase in the deferred acquisition asset of $10.0 million.      
 During the two-month period commencing on the purchase date of November 1, 2012 and ending December 31, 2012, Family Heritage had revenues of $33
million and net income of $3.1 million included in Torchmark’s 2012  Consolidated Statement of Operations .      
 The table below presents supplemental unaudited pro forma information for 2012 as if the Family Heritage acquisition were completed on January 1,
2011, based on estimates and assumptions considered appropriate:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
   
       2012       
   


 
   Revenues 
   
 $ 
 197,174 
    
 
   Net income 
   
   
 13,220 
    
 
   Net income per diluted share 
   
   
 0.09 
    
       The supplemental unaudited pro forma
information above is presented for informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been consummated at that time, nor is it intended to be a
projection of future results.  
      78  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 7—Liability for Unpaid Health Claims  
      Activity in the liability for unpaid health claims
is summarized as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
   
     2013     
   
   
     2012     
   


 
   Balance at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 101,719 
    
   
 $ 
 104,870 
    
   
 $ 
 103,517 
    
 
   Acquisition of Family Heritage 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 11,700 
    
 
   Incurred related to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current year 
    
   
 792,740 
    
   
   
 720,490 
    
   
   
 704,934 
    
 
   Prior years 
    
   
 (23,106 
 )  
   
   
 (11,594 
 )  
   
   
 (17,531 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total incurred 
    
   
 769,634 
    
   
   
 708,896 
    
   
   
 687,403 
    
 
   Paid related to: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Current year 
    
   
 725,386 
    
   
   
 636,150 
    
   
   
 627,495 
    
 
   Prior years 
    
   
 59,714 
    
   
   
 75,897 
    
   
   
 70,255 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total paid 
    
   
 785,100 
    
   
   
 712,047 
    
   
   
 697,750 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at end of year 
    
 $ 
 86,253 
    
   
 $ 
 101,719 
    
   
 $ 
 104,870 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       At the end of each period, the
liability for unpaid health claims includes an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported to the Company. Such estimates are updated regularly based upon the Company’s most recent claims data with recognition of emerging experience
trends. Because of the nature of the Company’s health business, the payment lags are relatively short and most claims are fully paid within a year from the time incurred. Fluctuations in claims experience can lead to either over- or
under-estimation of the liability for any given year. The difference between the estimate made at the end of the prior period and the actual experience during the period is reflected above under the caption “ Incurred related to: Prior
years. ”        Claims paid in each of the years 2012
through 2014 were settled for amounts less than anticipated when estimated at the previous year end. The most significant component of these favorable variances was in Torchmark’s Medicare Part D business and, to a lesser extent,
Torchmark’s UA Independent and Liberty National agencies. The Company’s estimates at each point have reflected the emerging data and trends. In the Medicare Part D channel, the Company is required to estimate claim discounts that will be
received from drug manufacturers. In each of the years 2012 through 2014, the discounts from the drug manufacturers received in the current year but related to prior year claims were higher than anticipated when the claim liability was determined.
       The liability for unpaid health claims is included with
“Policy claims and other benefits payable” on the  Consolidated Balance Sheets.   
      79  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 8—Income Taxes  
      The components of income taxes were as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Income tax expense from continuing operations 
    
 $ 
 235,529 
    
   
 $ 
 234,654 
    
   
 $ 
 236,669 
    
 
   Shareholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss) 
    
   
 424,089 
    
   
   
 (386,752 
 )  
   
   
 201,950 
    
 
   Tax basis compensation expense (from the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards) in excess of amounts recognized
for financial reporting purposes 
    
   
 (18,524 
 )  
   
   
 (21,314 
 )  
   
   
 (22,602 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 641,094 
    
   
 $ 
 (173,412 
 )  
   
 $ 
 416,017 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Income tax expense from continuing
operations consists of:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Current income tax expense 
    
 $ 
 147,486 
    
    
 $ 
 176,427 
    
    
 $ 
 161,332 
    
 
   Deferred income tax expense 
    
   
 88,043 
    
    
   
 58,227 
    
    
   
 75,337 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
 $ 
 235,529 
    
    
 $ 
 234,654 
    
    
 $ 
 236,669 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       In each of the years 2012 through 2014,
deferred income tax expense was incurred because of certain differences between net income before income taxes as reported on the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  and taxable income as reported on Torchmark’s income tax returns. As
explained in  Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies,  these differences caused the financial statement book values of some assets and liabilities to be different from their respective tax bases.  
     The effective income tax rate differed from the expected 35% rate as
shown below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 % 
   


 
   Expected income taxes 
    
 $ 
 272,464 
    
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 267,094 
    
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
   
 $ 
 268,098 
    
   
   
 35.0 
 %  
 
   Increase (reduction) in income taxes resulting from: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Tax-exempt investment income 
    
 $ 
 (3,233 
 )  
   
   
 (.4 
 )  
   
   
 (3,107 
 )  
   
   
 (.4 
 )  
   
   
 (3,506 
 )  
   
   
 (.4 
 )  
 
   Low income housing investments 
    
   
 (36,442 
 )  
   
   
 (4.7 
 )  
   
   
 (32,417 
 )  
   
   
 (4.2 
 )  
   
   
 (28,877 
 )  
   
   
 (3.8 
 )  
 
   Other 
    
   
 2,740 
    
   
   
 .4 
    
   
   
 3,084 
    
   
   
 .4 
    
   
   
 954 
    
   
   
 .1 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Income tax expense 
    
 $ 
 235,529 
    
   
   
 30.3 
 %  
   
 $ 
 234,654 
    
   
   
 30.8 
 %  
   
 $ 
 236,669 
    
   
   
 30.9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      80  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 8—Income Taxes (continued)  
   
  The tax effects of temporary differences that gave rise to significant portions of the deferred
tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
 2013 
   


 
   Deferred tax assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fixed maturity investments 
    
 $ 
 12,925 
    
    
 $ 
 16,868 
    
 
   Carryover of tax losses 
    
   
 3,036 
    
    
   
 11,415 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total gross deferred tax assets 
    
   
 15,961 
    
    
   
 28,283 
    
 
   Deferred tax liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Unrealized gains 
    
   
 522,219 
    
    
   
 92,772 
    
 
   Employee and agent compensation 
    
   
 74,088 
    
    
   
 68,911 
    
 
   Deferred acquisition costs 
    
   
 879,851 
    
    
   
 829,032 
    
 
   Future policy benefits, unearned and advance premiums, and policy claims 
    
   
 331,408 
    
    
   
 315,291 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 4,732 
    
    
   
 1,126 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total gross deferred tax liabilities 
    
   
 1,812,298 
    
    
   
 1,307,132 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net deferred tax liability 
    
 $ 
 1,796,337 
    
    
 $ 
 1,278,849 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Torchmark and its subsidiaries,
excluding Family Heritage, file a life-nonlife consolidated Federal income tax return. Family Heritage files its Federal income tax return on a separate company basis. Torchmark’s consolidated Federal income tax returns are routinely audited by
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). The IRS completed its examination of Torchmark’s 2008-2011 consolidated income tax returns during 2014 resulting in no impact on the company’s effective tax rate. The statutes of limitations for the
assessment of additional tax are closed for all tax years prior to 2011 with respect to Torchmark’s consolidated and Family Heritage’s Federal income tax returns. Management believes that adequate provision has been made in the
consolidated financial statements for any potential assessments that may result from current or future tax examinations and other tax-related matters for all open years.  
     Torchmark has net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
$8.7 million at December 31, 2014 which will begin to expire in 2032 if not otherwise used to offset future taxable income. A valuation allowance is to be provided when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be
realized by the Company. No valuation allowance has been recorded relating to Torchmark’s deferred tax assets since, in management’s judgment, Torchmark will more likely than not have sufficient taxable income in future periods to fully
realize its existing deferred tax assets.        Torchmark’s
tax liability is adjusted to include a provision for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. However, during the years 2012 through 2014, Torchmark did not have any uncertain tax positions which resulted in
unrecognized tax benefits.        Torchmark’s continuing
practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company recognized interest income of $465 thousand, $0, and $56 thousand, net of Federal income tax benefits, in its  Consolidated
Statements of Operations  for 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. The Company had no accrued interest or penalties at December 31, 2014 or 2013.  
      81  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits  
      Pension
Plans:     Torchmark has noncontributory retirement benefit plans and contributory savings plans which cover substantially all employees. There are also two nonqualified, noncontributory supplemental benefit pension plans
which cover a limited number of employees. The total cost of these retirement plans charged to operations was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     Year Ended December 31, 
    
 Defined Contribution Plans 
   
    
 Defined Benefit Pension Plans 
   


 
   2014 
    
 $ 
 3,078 
    
    
 $ 
 23,463 
    
 
   2013 
    
   
 3,373 
    
    
   
 33,122 
    
 
   2012 
    
   
 3,668 
    
    
   
 26,007 
    
       Torchmark accrues expense for the
defined contribution plans based on a percentage of the employees’ contributions. The plans are funded by the employee contributions and a Torchmark contribution equal to the amount of accrued expense. Plan contributions are both mandatory and
discretionary, depending on the terms of the plan.        Cost for
the defined benefit pension plans has been calculated on the projected unit credit actuarial cost method. All plan measurements for the defined benefit plans are as of December 31 of the respective year. The defined benefit pension plans covering
the majority of employees are funded. Contributions are made to funded pension plans subject to minimums required by regulation and maximums allowed for tax purposes. Defined benefit plan contributions were $14.6 million in 2014,
$10.3 million in 2013, and $8.2 million in 2012. Torchmark estimates as of December 31, 2014 that it will contribute an amount not to exceed $20 million to these plans in 2015. The actual amount of contribution may be different from
this estimate.        Torchmark has a Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan (SERP), which provides to a limited number of executives an additional supplemental defined pension benefit. The supplemental benefit is based on the participant’s qualified plan benefit without consideration to the regulatory
limits on compensation and benefit payments applicable to qualified plans, except that eligible compensation is capped at $1 million. The SERP is unfunded. However, a Rabbi Trust has been established to support the liability for this plan. This
trust consists of life insurance policies on the lives of plan participants with an unaffiliated insurance carrier as well as an investment account. The premiums paid for the insurance coverage were $2.2 million in 2014, $2.9 million in 2013, and
$1.7 million in 2012. The cash value of these policies at December 31, 2014 was $24 million and was $22 million a year earlier. Investments in the investment account consist of exchange traded funds. Deposits of $6 million in 2013 and
$5 million in 2012 were added to the investment account in this trust. There were no deposits in 2014. As of December 31, 2014, the combined value of the insurance policies and the trust investments was $74 million, compared with
$66 million a year earlier. Because this plan is unqualified, the investments and the policyholder value of the insurance policies in the Rabbi Trust are not included as defined benefit plan assets but as assets of the Company. They are
included with “Other Assets” in the  Consolidated Balance Sheets . The liability for this SERP at December 31, 2014 was $71 million and was $58 million a year earlier.  
     The Company has another small supplemental benefit pension plan which
is limited to a very select group of employees and was closed as of December 31, 1994. It provides the full benefits that an employee would have otherwise received from a defined benefit plan in the absence of the limitation on benefits payable
under a qualified plan. This plan is unfunded. Liability for this closed plan was $3 million at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. Pension cost for both supplemental defined benefit plans is determined in the same manner as for the qualified
defined benefit plans.        Plan assets in the funded plans
consist primarily of investments in marketable fixed maturities and equity securities and are valued at fair value. Torchmark measures the fair value of its financial assets, including the assets in its benefit plans, in accordance with accounting
guidance which establishes a hierarchy for asset values and provides a methodology for the measurement of value. Please refer to  
      82  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

      Note 9—Postretirement
Benefits (continued)      
  
 Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  under the caption  Fair Value Measurements ,  Investments in Securities  for a complete discussion of valuation procedures. The
following table presents the assets of Torchmark’s defined benefit pension plans for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.      
 Pension Assets by Component at December 31, 2014      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value Determined by: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
   
 Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
   
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
   
 Total Amount 
   
   
 % to Total 
   


 
   Equity securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Financial 
   
 $ 
 45,790 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 45,790 
    
   
   
 14 
 %  
 
   Consumer, Cyclical 
   
   
 26,542 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 26,542 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Technology 
   
   
 16,965 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 16,965 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Consumer, Non-Cyclical 
   
   
 11,665 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 11,665 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Energy 
   
   
 10,192 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,192 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Communications 
   
   
 9,322 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 9,322 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 7,092 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 7,092 
    
   
   
 2 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total equity securities 
   
   
 127,568 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 127,568 
    
   
   
 39 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 166,825 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 166,825 
    
   
   
 52 
    
 
   Other bonds 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 284 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 284 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Guaranteed annuity contract* 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 15,027 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 15,027 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 9,038 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 9,038 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 4,156 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 4,156 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Grand Total 
   
 $ 
 140,762 
    
   
 $ 
 182,136 
    
   
 $ 
             0 
    
   
 $ 
 322,898 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 * 
   
 Annuity contract issued by a Torchmark subsidiary      
 Pension Assets by Component at December 31, 2013      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Fair Value Determined by: 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 
   
   
 Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
   
   
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
   
   
 Total Amount 
   
   
 % to Total 
   


 
   Equity securities: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Financial 
   
 $ 
 35,807 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 35,807 
    
   
   
 12 
 %  
 
   Consumer, Cyclical 
   
   
 17,915 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 17,915 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Energy 
   
   
 13,816 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13,816 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Consumer, Non-Cyclical 
   
   
 13,187 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13,187 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Technology 
   
   
 13,055 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13,055 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
   Depository Institutions 
   
   
 10,523 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,523 
    
   
   
 3 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 10,153 
    
   
 $ 
 831 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,984 
    
   
   
 4 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total equity securities 
   
   
 114,456 
    
   
   
 831 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 115,287 
    
   
   
 38 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Corporate bonds 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 147,445 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 147,445 
    
   
   
 51 
    
 
   Other bonds 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 267 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 267 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Guaranteed annuity contract* 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13,769 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13,769 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
   
   
 13,318 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 13,318 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 1,667 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,667 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Grand Total 
   
 $ 
 129,441 
    
   
 $ 
 162,312 
    
   
 $ 
     0 
    
   
 $ 
 291,753 
    
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 * 
   
 Annuity contract issued by a Torchmark subsidiary  
      83  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued)      
  Torchmark’s investment objectives for its plan assets include preservation of capital,
preservation of purchasing power, and long-term growth. Torchmark seeks to preserve capital through investments made in high quality securities with adequate diversification by issuer and industry sector to minimize risk. The portfolio is monitored
continuously for changes in quality and diversification mix. The preservation of purchasing power is intended to be accomplished through asset growth, exclusive of contributions and withdrawals, in excess of the rate of inflation. Torchmark intends
to maintain investments that when combined with future plan contributions will produce adequate long-term growth to provide for all plan obligations. The Company’s expectation for the portfolio is to achieve a compound total rate of return of
3% in excess of the inflation rate, to be reviewed on a three-year basis. It is also Torchmark’s objective that the portfolio’s investment return will meet or exceed the return of a balanced market index.  
     The majority of the securities in the portfolio are highly marketable
so that there will be adequate liquidity to meet projected payments. There are no specific policies calling for asset durations to match those of benefit obligations.  
     Allowed investments are limited to equities, fixed maturities, and
short-term investments (invested cash). There is also a guaranteed annuity contract issued by American Income Life Insurance Company to fund the obligations of the American Income Pension Plan. The assets are to be invested in a mix of equity and
fixed income investments that best serve the objectives of the pension plan. Factors to be considered in determining the asset mix include funded status, annual pension expense, annual pension contributions, and balance sheet liability. Equities
include common and preferred stocks, securities convertible into equities, mutual funds that invest in equities, and other equity-related investments. Equities must be listed on major exchanges and adequate market liquidity is required. Fixed
maturities consist of marketable debt securities rated investment grade at purchase by a major rating agency. Short-term investments include fixed maturities with maturities less than one year and invested cash. Short-term investments in commercial
paper must be rated at least  A-2  by Standard & Poor’s with the issuer rated investment grade. Invested cash is limited to banks rated A or higher. Investments outside of the aforementioned list are
not permitted, except by prior approval of the Plan’s Trustees. At December 31, 2014, there were no restricted investments contained in the portfolio. Plan contributions have been invested primarily in equity securities during the three years
ended December 31, 2014.        The investment portfolio is to be
well diversified to avoid undue exposure to a single sector, industry, business, or security. The equity and fixed-maturity portfolios are not permitted to invest in any single issuer that would exceed 10% of total plan assets at the time of
purchase. Torchmark does not employ any other special risk management techniques, such as derivatives, in managing the pension investment portfolio.  
      84  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued)      
  The following table discloses the assumptions used to determine Torchmark’s pension
liabilities and costs for the appropriate periods. The discount and compensation increase rates are used to determine current year projected benefit obligations and subsequent year pension expense. The long-term rate of return is used to determine
current year expense. Differences between assumptions and actual experience are included in actuarial gain or loss.      
 Weighted Average Pension Plan Assumptions      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 For Benefit Obligations at December 31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
   
   
 
   Discount Rate 
    
   
 4.23 
 %  
   
   
 5.12 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
   Rate of Compensation Increase 
    
   
 4.35 
    
   
   
 4.35 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For Periodic Benefit Cost for the Year: 
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   Discount Rate 
    
   
 5.12 
 %  
   
   
 4.18 
 %  
   
   
 5.09 
 %  
 
   Expected Long-Term Returns 
    
   
 6.97 
    
   
   
 6.96 
    
   
   
 7.20 
    
 
   Rate of Compensation Increase 
    
   
 4.35 
    
   
   
 4.40 
    
   
   
 4.04 
    
       The discount rate is determined based
on the expected duration of plan liabilities. A yield is then derived based on the current market yield of a hypothetical portfolio of higher-quality corporate bonds which match the liability duration. The rate of compensation increase is projected
based on Company experience, modified as appropriate for future expectations. The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is management’s best estimate of the average rate of earnings expected to be received on the assets invested in
the plan over the benefit period. In determining this assumption, consideration is given to the historical rate of return earned on the assets, the projected returns over future periods, and the spread between the long-term rate of return on plan
assets and the discount rate used to compute benefit obligations.        Net periodic pension cost for the defined benefit plans by expense component was as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Service cost—benefits earned during the period 
    
 $ 
 12,925 
    
   
 $ 
 14,984 
    
   
 $ 
 11,215 
    
 
   Interest cost on projected benefit obligation 
    
   
 19,270 
    
   
   
 17,043 
    
   
   
 16,796 
    
 
   Expected return on assets 
    
   
 (19,031 
 )  
   
   
 (17,429 
 )  
   
   
 (17,114 
 )  
 
   Net amortization 
    
   
 10,283 
    
   
   
 18,143 
    
   
   
 14,799 
    
 
   Recognition of actuarial loss 
    
   
 16 
    
   
   
 381 
    
   
   
 311 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic pension cost 
    
 $ 
 23,463 
    
   
 $ 
 33,122 
    
   
 $ 
 26,007 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      85  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued)      
  An analysis of the impact on other comprehensive income (loss) concerning pensions and other
postretirement benefits is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   


 
   Balance at January 1 
    
 $ 
 (97,467 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (168,129 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (119,863 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Amortization of: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Prior service cost 
    
   
 2,113 
    
    
   
 2,276 
    
    
   
 2,146 
    
 
   Net actuarial (gain) loss* 
    
   
 8,172 
    
    
   
 16,090 
    
    
   
 12,653 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total amortization* 
    
   
 10,285 
    
    
   
 18,366 
    
    
   
 14,799 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Plan amendments 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 (3,452 
 )  
 
   Experience gain(loss) 
    
   
 (65,817 
 )  
    
   
 52,296 
    
    
   
 (59,613 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Balance at December 31 
    
 $ 
 (152,999 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (97,467 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (168,129 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 * 
   
 Includes amortization of postretirement benefits other than pensions of $2 thousand in 2014, $224 thousand in 2013, and $0 in 2012.  
     The following table presents a reconciliation from the beginning to the
end of the year of the projected benefit obligation and plan assets for pensions. This table also presents the amounts previously recognized as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Pension Benefits For the year ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
   
     2013     
   


 
   Changes in benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Obligation at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 383,859 
    
   
 $ 
 414,921 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 12,925 
    
   
   
 14,984 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 19,270 
    
   
   
 17,043 
    
 
   Actuarial loss (gain) 
    
   
 78,487 
    
   
   
 (45,258 
 )  
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (17,115 
 )  
   
   
 (17,831 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Obligation at end of year 
    
   
 477,426 
    
   
   
 383,859 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Changes in plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Fair value at beginning of year 
    
   
 291,753 
    
   
   
 277,641 
    
 
   Return on assets 
    
   
 33,641 
    
   
   
 21,613 
    
 
   Contributions 
    
   
 14,619 
    
   
   
 10,330 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (17,115 
 )  
   
   
 (17,831 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Fair value at end of year 
    
   
 322,898 
    
   
   
 291,753 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Funded status at year end 
    
 $ 
 (154,528 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (92,106 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income consist of: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Net loss (gain) 
    
 $ 
 146,571 
    
   
 $ 
 90,878 
    
 
   Prior service cost 
    
   
 3,362 
    
   
   
 5,476 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Net amounts recognized at year end 
    
 $ 
 149,933 
    
   
 $ 
 96,354 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       The portion of other comprehensive
income that is expected to be reflected in pension expense in 2015 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Amortization of prior service cost 
    
 $ 
 326 
    
 
   Amortization of net actuarial loss 
    
   
 14,135 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 14,461 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
      86  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued)      
  The accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) for Torchmark’s funded defined benefit pension plans
was $374 million and $295 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. In the unfunded plans, the ABO was $63 million and $52 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  
     Torchmark has estimated its expected pension benefits to be paid over
the next ten years as of December 31, 2014. These estimates use the same assumptions that measure the benefit obligation at December 31, 2014, taking estimated future employee service into account. Those estimated benefits are as follows:
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   For the year(s) 
    
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 17,103 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 18,335 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 20,055 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 21,274 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 22,557 
    
 
   2020-2024 
    
   
 135,663 
    
       Postretirement Benefit Plans Other
Than Pensions:     Torchmark provides a small postretirement life insurance benefit for most retired employees, and also provides additional postretirement life insurance benefits for certain key employees. The majority of the
life insurance benefits are accrued over the working lives of active employees. Otherwise, Torchmark does not provide postretirement benefits other than pensions and the life insurance benefits described above.  
     Torchmark’s post-retirement defined benefit plans other than
pensions are not funded. Liabilities for these plans are measured as of December 31 for the appropriate year.      
 The components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost for plans other than pensions are as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2014   
   
   
   2013   
   
    
   2012   
   


 
   Service cost 
    
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 354 
    
    
 $ 
 392 
    
 
   Interest cost on benefit obligation 
    
   
 646 
    
   
   
 1,030 
    
    
   
 1,020 
    
 
   Expected return on plan assets 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Net amortization 
    
   
 2 
    
   
   
 224 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Recognition of net actuarial (gain) loss 
    
   
 (256 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net periodic postretirement benefit cost 
    
 $ 
 392 
    
   
 $ 
 1,608 
    
    
 $ 
 1,412 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
      87  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 9—Postretirement Benefits (continued)      
  The following table presents a reconciliation of the benefit obligation and plan assets from the
beginning to the end of the year. As these plans are unfunded, funded status is equivalent to the accrued benefit liability.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Benefits Other Than Pensions For 
the year ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   


 
   Changes in benefit obligation: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Obligation at beginning of year 
    
 $ 
 20,860 
    
    
 $ 
 22,367 
    
 
   Service cost 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 354 
    
 
   Interest cost 
    
   
 646 
    
    
   
 1,030 
    
 
   Actuarial loss (gain) 
    
   
 1,700 
    
    
   
 (2,475 
 )  
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (311 
 )  
    
   
 (416 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Obligation at end of year 
    
   
 22,895 
    
    
   
 20,860 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Changes in plan assets: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Fair value at beginning of year 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Return on assets 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Contributions 
    
   
 311 
    
    
   
 416 
    
 
   Benefits paid 
    
   
 (311 
 )  
    
   
 (416 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Fair value at end of year 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Funded status at year end 
    
 $ 
 (22,895 
 )  
    
 $ 
 (20,860 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Net loss* 
    
 $ 
 3,066 
    
    
 $ 
 1,113 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Net amounts recognized at year end 
    
 $ 
 3,066 
    
    
 $ 
 1,113 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
   
 The net loss for benefit plans other than pensions reduces other comprehensive income.  
     The table below presents the assumptions used to determine the
liabilities and costs of Torchmark’s post-retirement benefit plans other than pensions.        Weighted Average Assumptions for Post-Retirement    Benefit Plans Other Than Pensions
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 For Benefit Obligations at December 31: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
   
   
 
   Discount Rate 
    
   
 4.23 
 %  
   
   
 5.12 
 %  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 For Periodic Benefit Cost for the Year: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   Discount Rate 
    
   
 5.12 
 %  
   
   
 4.18 
 %  
   
   
 5.09 
 %  
       Estimated Future Payments for
Post-Retirement Benefit Plans Other Than Pensions      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   For the year(s) 
    
   
   


 
   2015 
    
 $ 
 994 
    
 
   2016 
    
   
 1,117 
    
 
   2017 
    
   
 1,301 
    
 
   2018 
    
   
 1,503 
    
 
   2019 
    
   
 1,655 
    
 
   2020-2024 
    
   
 10,659 
    
 
      88  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 10—Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information  
      The following table summarizes Torchmark’s
noncash transactions, which are not reflected on the  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:       
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Stock-based compensation not involving cash 
    
 $ 
 32,203 
    
    
 $ 
 25,642 
    
    
 $ 
 21,605 
    
 
   Commitments for low-income housing interests 
    
   
 75,706 
    
    
   
 42,525 
    
    
   
 29,759 
    
 
   Capitalized investment income 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 806 
    
    
   
 1,537 
    
 
   Debt assumed to acquire Family Heritage 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 20,000 
    
       The following table summarizes certain
amounts paid during the period:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Interest paid 
    
 $ 
 77,066 
    
    
 $ 
 81,322 
    
    
 $ 
 77,686 
    
 
   Income taxes paid 
    
   
 112,935 
    
    
   
 139,091 
    
    
   
 89,061 
    
       In 2014, Torchmark’s receivables
increased $164 million, reducing cash flows from operations. Of this amount, $154 million was due primarily to collections to be received in 2015 under the federal governments’ Medicare Part D risk-sharing and pass-through agreements,
as well as contracted rebates from Part D drug providers.  
      89  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 11—Debt  
      The following table presents information about the
terms and outstanding balances of Torchmark’s debt.          Selected Information about Debt Issues      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 As of December 31, 
   
 
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
 
   Description 
   
 Annual Interest Rate 
   
   
 Issue Date 
   
 Periodic Interest Payments Due 
   
 Outstanding Principal (Par Value) 
   
   
 Outstanding Principal (Book Value) 
   
   
 Outstanding Principal (Fair Value) 
   
   
 Outstanding Principal (Book Value) 
   


 
   Notes, due
5/15/23 (1) (2) 
   
   
 7.875 
 %  
   
 5/93 
   
 5/15 & 11/15 
   
 $ 
 165,612 
    
   
 $ 
 163,758 
    
   
 $ 
 210,112 
    
   
 $ 
 163,609 
    
 
   Senior Notes, due 6/15/16 (1)(3) 
   
   
 6.375 
 %  
   
 6/06 
   
 6/15 & 12/15 
   
   
 250,000 
    
   
   
 249,236 
    
   
   
 268,395 
    
   
   
 248,753 
    
 
   Senior Notes, due 6/15/19 (1)(3) 
   
   
 9.250 
 %  
   
 6/09 
   
 6/15 & 12/15 
   
   
 292,647 
    
   
   
 290,618 
    
   
   
 370,569 
    
   
   
 290,268 
    
 
   Senior Notes, due 9/15/22 (1)(3) 
   
   
 3.800 
 %  
   
 9/12 
   
 3/15 & 9/15 
   
   
 150,000 
    
   
   
 147,648 
    
   
   
 154,673 
    
   
   
 147,392 
    
 
   Junior Subordinated 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debentures due 12/15/52 (4)(8) 
   
   
 5.875 
 %  
   
 9/12 
   
 quarterly 
   
   
 125,000 
    
   
   
 120,870 
    
   
   
 125,000 
    
   
   
 120,843 
    
 
   Junior Subordinated 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Debentures due 3/15/36 (4)(5) 
   
  
 
 3.541 
 
 % (9)  
 
   
 (6) 
   
 quarterly 
   
   
 20,000 
    
   
   
 20,000 
    
   
   
 20,000 
    
   
   
 20,000 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total funded debt 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
   
 1,003,259 
    
   
   
 992,130 
    
   
   
 1,148,749 
    
   
   
 990,865 
    
 
   Commercial
Paper (7) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
   
 238,450 
    
   
   
 238,398 
    
   
   
 238,398 
    
   
   
 229,070 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Total debt 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
 $ 
 1,241,709 
    
   
 $ 
 1,230,528 
    
   
 $ 
 1,387,147 
    
   
 $ 
 1,219,935 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
 All securities other than the Junior Subordinated Debentures have equal priority with one another.  
 
 
 (2) 
 Not callable.  
 
 
 (3) 
 Callable subject to “make-whole” premium.  
 
 
 (4) 
 Quarterly payments on the 15th of March, June, Sept., and Dec.  
 
 
 (5) 
 Callable anytime.  
 
 
 (6) 
 Assumed upon November 1, 2012 acquisition of Family Heritage.  
 
 
 (7) 
 Classified as short-term debt.  
 
 
 (8) 
 Callable as of December 15, 2017.  
 
 
 (9) 
 Interest paid at 3 month LIBOR plus 330 basis points, resets each quarter.      
 The amount of debt that becomes due during each of the next five years is: 2015—$238 million; 2016—$250 million; 2017—$0;
2018—$0; 2019—$293 million; and thereafter—$461 million.        Funded debt:     On September 24, 2012, Torchmark issued $300 million principal amount of 3.80% Senior Notes due 2022. Interest on the Senior Notes are payable semi-annually. As part of
the offering, two of Torchmark’s insurance subsidiaries acquired a combined amount of $150 million par value of the Senior Notes. Proceeds from the issuance of this debt, net of underwriters’ discount and expenses, were $147 million with
total proceeds to the Parent Company of approximately $297 million. The Senior Notes are redeemable by Torchmark in whole or in part at any time subject to a “make-whole” premium, whereby the Company would be required to pay the greater of
the full principal amount of the notes or otherwise the present value of the remaining payment schedule of the notes discounted at a rate of interest equivalent to the rate of a United States Treasury security of comparable term plus a spread of 30
basis points. Torchmark used a portion of the net proceeds from the new Senior Note offering to fund the acquisition of Family Heritage as described in  Note 6 - Acquisition .  The Parent Company used the remaining proceeds to repay
its $94 million principal amount
7  3 / 8 % Notes that matured on August 1, 2013.        Additionally, on September 24, 2012, Torchmark completed the public offering of its 5.875% Junior Subordinated Debentures due 2052 for an aggregate principal amount of $125 million. Proceeds from this offering were
$121 million, net of underwriters’ discount and issue expenses. These debentures pay interest quarterly. The securities are redeemable on December 15, 2052, and are first callable in whole or in part by Torchmark on or after December 15,
2017. Expenses of $4.2 million related to the offering have been netted against long-term debt and will be amortized over the forty-year redemption period. Net proceeds were used to fund the redemption of Torchmark’s 7.1% Trust Preferred
Securities discussed below.  
      90  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 11—Debt (continued)  
   
  On October 24, 2012, Torchmark’s 7.1% Trust Originated Preferred Securities were redeemed in
the amount of $120 million plus accrued dividends at a total cost of $121 million. These securities were originally issued in 2006 as preferred securities of Torchmark’s Capital Trust III, a deconsolidated variable interest entity. Upon
redemption of these securities, Capital Trust III as well as the 7.1% Junior Subordinated Debentures due to that Trust in the amount of $124 million were liquidated. An after-tax loss of $2.7 million was recorded on this redemption in the fourth
quarter of 2012 within “Realized investment gains (losses),” representing the write-off of the unamortized issue expenses.      
 Capital Trust III, which held the Trust Preferred Securities, was a variable interest entity in which Torchmark was not the primary beneficiary.
Therefore, Torchmark was prohibited by accounting rules from consolidating Capital Trust III even though it had 100% ownership, complete voting control, and had guaranteed the performance of the trust. Accordingly, prior to redemption, Torchmark
carried its 7.1% Junior Subordinated Debentures due to Capital Trust III as a liability under the caption “Due to Affiliates” on its  Consolidated Balance Sheets . Expenses related to the original offering reduced long-term debt and
were amortized over the forty-year redemption period.        In
connection with the purchase of Family Heritage, Torchmark assumed $20 million par amount of Trust Preferred Securities that were liabilities of Family Heritage’s former parent. These securities, which are due March 15, 2036, had a fair value
of $20 million on the November 1, 2012 purchase date and were carried at an amortized cost of $20 million at December 31, 2012. They bear interest at a variable rate paid quarterly, determined as the three-month LIBOR plus 330 basis points which is
reset each quarter. They are callable by Torchmark at any time.        Commercial Paper:     As of July 16, 2014, Torchmark entered into a new credit facility with a group of lenders allowing for unsecured borrowings and stand-by letters of credit up to $750
million, replacing a previous facility that had a maximum limitation of $600 million. Up to $250 million in letters of credit can be issued against the new facility. The facility is further designated as a back-up credit line for a commercial paper
program under which the Company may either borrow from the credit line or issue commercial paper at any time, with total commercial paper outstanding not to exceed the facility maximum, less any letters of credit issued. Interest is charged at
variable rates. The facility has no ratings-based acceleration triggers which would require early repayment. The new facility terminates July 16, 2019. In accordance with the agreement, Torchmark is subject to certain covenants regarding
capitalization, as was the case with the previous credit facility. As of December 31, 2014, and throughout the three-year period ended December 31, 2014, Torchmark was in full compliance with the appropriate covenants. Borrowings on the credit
facilities are reported as short-term debt on the  Consolidated Balance Sheets . A table presenting selected information concerning Torchmark’s short-term borrowings is presented below.  
     Short-Term Borrowings  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2014   
   
   
 2013 
   


 
   Balance at end of period (at par value) 
    
 $ 
 238,450 
    
   
 $ 
 229,140 
    
 
   Annualized interest rate 
    
   
 .32 
 %  
   
   
 .30 
 %  
 
   Letters of credit outstanding 
    
 $ 
 198,000 
    
   
 $ 
 198,000 
    
 
   Remaining amount available under credit line 
    
   
 313,550 
    
   
   
 172,860 
    
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
   2014   
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012  
   


 
   Average balance outstanding during period 
    
 $ 
 296,246 
    
   
 $ 
 274,435 
    
   
 $ 
 250,401 
    
 
   Daily-weighted average interest rate (annualized) 
    
   
 .26 
 %  
   
   
 .33 
 %  
   
   
 .48 
 %  
 
   Maximum daily amount outstanding during period 
    
 $ 
 343,000 
    
   
 $ 
 340,140 
    
   
 $ 
 385,000 
    
     
      91  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 12—Shareholders’ Equity  
          Share Data:  A summary of preferred and common share activity is presented in the following chart. All share data in this Note has been retrospectively restated to give effect to the three-for-two stock split
described in  Note 1 .      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Preferred Stock 
   
    
 Common Stock 
   
 
   
    
 Issued 
   
    
 Treasury Stock 
   
    
 Issued 
   
   
 Treasury Stock 
   


 
   2012: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at January 1, 2012 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 168,468,183 
    
   
   
 (17,598,985 
 )  
 
   Grants of restricted stock 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 104,580 
    
 
   Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 8,036,235 
    
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (17,656,559 
 )  
 
   Retirement of treasury stock 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (9,750,000 
 )  
   
   
 9,750,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 158,718,183 
    
   
   
 (17,364,729 
 )  
 
   2013: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Grants of restricted stock 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 76,415 
    
 
   Forfeitures and surrenders of restricted stock 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (37,359 
 )  
 
   Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 3,917,757 
    
 
   Issuance of common stock due to settlement of restricted stock units 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 11,190 
    
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (11,069,076 
 )  
 
   Retirement of treasury stock 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (7,500,000 
 )  
   
   
 7,500,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 151,218,183 
    
   
   
 (16,965,802 
 )  
 
   2014: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Grants of restricted stock 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 19,041 
    
 
   Forfeitures of restricted stock 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (2,700 
 )  
 
   Issuance of common stock due to exercise of stock options 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 2,210,349 
    
 
   Treasury stock acquired 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
   
 (8,548,795 
 )  
 
   Retirement of treasury stock 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 (17,000,000 
 )  
   
   
 17,000,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 134,218,183 
    
   
   
 (6,287,907 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       Acquisition of Common
Shares:     Torchmark shares are acquired from time to time through open market purchases under the Torchmark stock repurchase program when it is believed to be the best use of Torchmark’s excess cash flows. Share
repurchases under this program were 7.2 million shares at a cost of $375 million in 2014, 8.3 million shares at a cost of $360 million in 2013, and 11.2 million shares at a cost of $360 million in 2012. When stock options are
exercised, proceeds from the exercises are generally used to repurchase approximately the number of shares available with those funds in order to reduce dilution. Shares repurchased for dilution purposes were 1.4 million shares at a cost of
$74 million in 2014, 2.8 million shares at a cost of $122 million in 2013, and 6.4 million shares at a cost of $210 million in 2012.      
 Retirement of Treasury Stock:     Torchmark retired 17.0 million shares of treasury stock in 2014, 7.5 million
in 2013, and 9.8 million in 2012.      
 Restrictions:     Restrictions exist on the flow of funds to Torchmark from its insurance subsidiaries. Statutory
regulations require life insurance subsidiaries to maintain certain minimum amounts of capital and surplus. Dividends from insurance subsidiaries of Torchmark are limited to the greater of prior year statutory net income excluding realized capital
gains on an annual noncumulative basis, or 10% of prior year surplus, in the absence of special regulatory approval. Additionally, insurance company distributions are generally not permitted in excess of statutory surplus. Subsidiaries are also
subject to certain minimum capital requirements. Subsidiaries of Torchmark paid cash dividends to the parent company in the amount of $479 million in 2014, $488 million in 2013, and $437 million in 2012. As of December 31, 2014, dividends and
transfers from insurance subsidiaries to parent available to be paid in 2015 were limited to the amount of $438 million without regulatory approval, such that $825 million was considered restricted net assets of the subsidiaries. The Company
believes that total dividends and transfers of $473  
      92  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 12—Shareholders’ Equity (continued)  
   
  
million will be available to the parent in 2015. Please refer to  Schedule II.   Condensed Financial Information of Registrant  for more information about Torchmark’s
transactions with its subsidiaries. While there are no legal restrictions on the payment of dividends to shareholders from Torchmark’s retained earnings, retained earnings as of December 31, 2014 were restricted by lenders’ covenants which
require the Company to maintain and not distribute $2.6 billion from its total consolidated retained earnings of $3.4 billion.      
 Earnings Per Share:     A reconciliation of basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding used in the computation
of basic and diluted earnings per share is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 2014 
   
    
 2013 
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
    
   
 130,721,738 
    
    
   
 137,646,885 
    
    
   
 144,921,299 
    
 
   Weighted average dilutive options outstanding 
    
   
 1,918,506 
    
    
   
 1,916,900 
    
    
   
 1,926,283 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
    
   
 132,640,244 
    
    
   
 139,563,785 
    
    
   
 146,847,582 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       There were no anti-dilutive shares as
of December 31, 2012, 2013, or 2014. Income available to common shareholders for basic earnings per share is equivalent to income available to common shareholders for diluted earnings per share.  
   
  Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation  
      Torchmark’s stock-based compensation consists
of stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance shares. Certain employees, directors, and consultants have been granted fixed equity options to buy shares of Torchmark stock at the market value of the stock on the date of
grant, under the provisions of the Torchmark stock option plans. The options are exercisable during the period commencing from the date they vest until expiring according to the terms of the grant. Options generally expire the earlier of employee
termination or option contract term, which ranges from seven to ten years. Options generally vest in accordance with the following schedule:      
 Grants under the Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan:    Directors – vest in six months.    Employees:  
 Seven year grants – vest one half in two years, and one half in three years.  
 Ten year grants – vest one fourth in two years, and one fourth in each of the next three years.  
 Grants under all previous compensation plans:    Directors – vest in six months.    Employees – vest one half in two years, and one half in
three years.        All employee options vest immediately upon retirement on or
after the attainment of age 65, upon death, or disability. Torchmark generally issues shares for the exercise of stock options from treasury stock. The Company generally uses the proceeds from option exercises to buy shares of Torchmark common stock
in the open market to reduce the dilution from option exercises.        As disclosed in  Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies , Torchmark recorded a three-for-two stock split, effective as of July 1, 2014. As a result, share and per share data in this Note
have been retrospectively adjusted to give effect to this split. During 2014, shareholders approved an amendment to the 2011 Incentive Plan allowing for an additional 6.3 million shares available for grant.  
      93  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation (continued)  
   
  An analysis of shares available for grant is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Available for Grant 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
 2012 
   


 
   Balance at January 1 
    
   
 4,368,753 
    
    
   
 6,804,452 
    
    
   
 9,149,013 
    
 
   2011 Plan Amendment 
    
   
 6,300,000 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Options expired and forfeited during year 
    
   
 3,488 
    
    
   
 128,109 
    
    
   
 8,775 
    
 
   Restricted stock expired and forfeited during year (counted as 3.1 options)* 
    
     
   31,620 
      
    
   
 9,625 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Options granted during year 
    
   
 (1,523,982 
 )  
    
   
 (1,626,863 
 )  
    
   
 (1,609,087 
 )  
 
   Restricted stock, restricted stock units, and performance shares granted under the Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (counted as
3.1 options per grant)* 
    
     
   (721,286 
   )  
    
   
 (946,570 
 )  
    
   
 (744,249 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31 
    
   
 8,458,593 
    
    
   
 4,368,753 
    
    
   
 6,804,452 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
     
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   *   Plan allows for grant of restricted stock such that each stock grant reduces 3.1 options available for
grant 
         
       A summary of stock compensation
activity for each of the three years ended December 31, 2014 is presented below:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   2014   
   
    
   2013   
   
    
   2012    
   


 
   Stock-based compensation expense recognized* 
    
 $ 
 32,203 
    
    
 $ 
 25,642 
    
    
 $ 
 21,605 
    
 
   Tax benefit recognized 
    
   
 11,271 
    
    
   
 8,975 
    
    
   
 7,562 
    
 
   Weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted 
    
   
 14.77 
    
    
   
 12.37 
    
    
   
 10.47 
    
 
   Intrinsic value of options exercised 
    
   
 61,229 
    
    
   
 72,793 
    
    
   
 80,781 
    
 
   Cash received from options exercised 
    
   
 56,294 
    
    
   
 97,815 
    
    
   
 181,022 
    
 
   Actual tax benefit received 
    
   
 23,232 
    
    
   
 27,972 
    
    
   
 29,307 
    
 
     
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   *   No stock-based compensation expense was capitalized in any period. 
         
       An analysis of option activity for each
of the three years ended December 31, 2014 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Options 
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
   
 Options 
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   
   
 Options 
   
   
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
   


 
   Outstanding-beginning of year 
   
   
 8,579,202 
    
   
   
 $27.84 
    
   
   
 10,998,206 
    
   
 $ 
 25.43 
    
   
   
 17,430,590 
    
   
 $ 
 23.61 
    
 
   Granted: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   7-year term 
   
   
 1,226,270 
    
   
   
 50.70 
    
   
   
 1,361,700 
    
   
   
 37.62 
    
   
   
 1,269,450 
    
   
   
 30.73 
    
 
   10-year term 
   
   
 297,712 
    
   
   
 50.69 
    
   
   
 265,162 
    
   
   
 37.40 
    
   
   
 339,638 
    
   
   
 30.33 
    
 
   Exercised 
   
   
 (2,210,348) 
    
   
   
 25.47 
    
   
   
 (3,917,757 
 )  
   
   
 24.97 
    
   
   
 (8,031,572 
 )  
   
   
 22.55 
    
 
   Expired and forfeited 
   
   
 (3,488) 
    
   
   
 40.05 
    
   
   
 (128,109 
 )  
   
   
 32.33 
    
   
   
 (9,900 
 )  
   
   
 29.75 
    
 
   Adjustment due to 7/1/14 stock split 
   
   
 (27) 
    
   
   
 n/a 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0.00 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Outstanding-end of year 
   
   
 7,889,321 
    
   
   
 $32.91 
    
   
   
 8,579,202 
    
   
 $ 
 27.84 
    
   
   
 10,998,206 
    
   
 $ 
 25.43 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Exercisable at end of year 
   
   
 3,809,415 
    
   
   
 $24.58 
    
   
   
 4,395,552 
    
   
 $ 
 22.95 
    
   
   
 6,392,726 
    
   
 $ 
 23.58 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      94  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation (continued)  
   
  A summary of restricted stock and restricted stock units granted during each of the years in the
three year period ended December 31, 2014 is presented in the table below. Restricted stock holders are entitled to dividends on the stock and holders of restricted stock units are entitled to dividend equivalents. Executive grants vest over five
years and director grants vest over six months.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   2014   
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   


 
   Executives restricted stock: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Shares 
    
   
 12,000 
    
   
   
 58,695 
    
   
   
 90,000 
    
 
   Price per share 
    
 $ 
 50.69 
    
   
 $ 
 40.09 
    
   
 $ 
 30.75 
    
 
   Aggregate value 
    
 $ 
 608 
    
   
 $ 
 2,353 
    
   
 $ 
 2,767 
    
 
   Percent vested as of 12/31/14 
    
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 0 
 %  
   
   
 40 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Directors restricted stock: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Shares 
    
   
 7,041 
    
   
   
 15,045 
    
   
   
 14,580 
    
 
   Price per share 
    
 $ 
 51.62 
    
   
 $ 
 35.45 
    
   
 $ 
 29.16 
    
 
   Aggregate value 
    
 $ 
 363 
    
   
 $ 
 533 
    
   
 $ 
 425 
    
 
   Percent vested as of 12/31/14 
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Directors restricted stock units (including dividend equivalents): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Shares 
    
   
 12,322 
    
   
   
 16,998 
    
   
   
 15,496 
    
 
   Price per share 
    
 $ 
 51.69 
    
   
 $ 
 35.99 
    
   
 $ 
 29.35 
    
 
   Aggregate value 
    
 $ 
 637 
    
   
 $ 
 612 
    
   
 $ 
 455 
    
 
   Percent vested as of 12/31/14 
    
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
   
   
 100 
 %  
       Certain senior executives of the
Company have been granted performance shares. On February 24 and March 4, 2014, grants were made of 179 thousand performance shares with grant prices ranging from $50.69 to $52.40 per share for an aggregate grant price of $9.2 million. On February
27, 2013, a grant was made of 148 thousand performance shares at a price of $37.40 per share for an aggregate grant price of $5.5 million. On February 21 and 22, 2012 grants were made of 120 thousand performance shares with grant prices ranging from
$32.48 to $32.73 per share for an aggregate grant price of $3.9 million. Performance grants have a three year contract life, and they do not vest prior to the termination of the contract period. While the target distribution is 179 thousand, 148
thousand, and 120 thousand shares for the 2014, 2013, and 2012 grants, respectively, the determination of the actual settlement in shares will be based on the achievement of certain performance objectives of Torchmark over the respective three-year
contract periods. The actual shares could be distributed in a range from 0 to 359 thousand shares for the 2014 grants and 0 to 295 thousand shares for the 2013 grants. A final determination for the 2012 grants has been made as of December 31, 2014
to be 211 thousand shares, as those shares became fully vested at January 27, 2015. The performance shareholders are not entitled to dividend equivalents, and are not entitled to dividend payments until vested and settled.  
      95  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation (continued)  
   
  An analysis of unvested restricted stock is as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Executive Restricted Stock 
   
   
 Executive Performance Shares 
   
   
 Directors Restricted Stock 
   
   
 Directors Restricted Stock Units 
   
   
 Total 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2012: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Balance at January 1, 2012 
    
   
 490,500 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 490,500 
    
 
   Grants 
    
   
 90,000 
    
   
   
 120,000 
    
   
   
 14,580 
    
   
   
 15,496 
    
   
   
 240,076 
    
 
   Restriction lapses 
    
   
 (112,950 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (14,580 
 )  
   
   
 (15,496 
 )  
   
   
 (143,026 
 )  
 
   Forfeitures 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2012 
    
   
 467,550 
    
   
   
 120,000 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 587,550 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2013: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Grants 
    
   
 58,695 
    
   
   
 147,750 
    
   
   
 15,045 
    
   
   
 16,998 
    
   
   
 238,488 
    
 
   Additional performance shares* 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 94,800 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 94,800 
    
 
   Restriction lapses 
    
   
 (150,750 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (15,045 
 )  
   
   
 (16,998 
 )  
   
   
 (182,793 
 )  
 
   Forfeitures 
    
   
 (31,050 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (31,050 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2013 
    
   
 344,445 
    
   
   
 362,550 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 706,995 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2014: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Grants 
    
   
 12,000 
    
   
   
 179,250 
    
   
   
 7,041 
    
   
   
 12,322 
    
   
   
 210,613 
    
 
   Additional performance shares* 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 22,060 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 22,060 
    
 
   Restriction lapses 
    
   
 (90,315 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (7,041 
 )  
   
   
 (12,322 
 )  
   
   
 (109,678 
 )  
 
   Forfeitures 
    
   
 (2,700 
 )  
   
   
 (7,500 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (10,200 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Balance at December 31, 2014 
    
   
 263,430 
    
   
   
 556,360 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 819,790 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       * Estimated additional share grants expected due to
achievement of performance criteria.        Restricted stock units
outstanding at each of the year ends 2014, 2013, and 2012 were 98,039, 85,717, and 79,907, respectively. Restricted stock units are only available to directors, and are not converted to shares until the director’s retirement, death, or
disability. There were no unvested director restricted shares outstanding at the end of any of the years 2012 through 2014. Director restricted stock and restricted stock units are generally granted on the first working day of the year and vest in
six months. Dividend equivalents are earned on restricted stock units only. They are granted in the form of additional restricted stock units and vest immediately upon grant.  
     An analysis of the weighted-average grant-date fair values of unvested
restricted stock is as follows for the year 2014:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Executive Restricted Stock 
   
   
 Executive Performance Shares 
   
   
 Directors Restricted Stock 
   
   
 Directors Restricted Stock Units 
   


 
   Grant-date fair value per share at January 1, 2014 
   
 $ 
 29.49 
    
   
 $ 
 34.58 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Grants 
   
   
 50.69 
    
   
   
 51.41 
    
   
 $ 
 51.62 
    
   
 $ 
 51.62 
    
 
   Estimated additional performance shares 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 41.93 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Restriction lapses 
   
   
 (25.37 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (51.62 
 )  
   
   
 (51.62 
 )  
 
   Forfeitures 
   
   
 31.13 
    
   
   
 50.69 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Grant-date fair value per share at December 31, 2014 
   
   
 31.85 
    
   
   
 40.07 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
      96  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 13—Stock-Based Compensation (continued)  
   
  Additional information about Torchmark’s stock-based compensation as of December 31, 2014 and
2013 is as follows:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   


 
   Outstanding options: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) 
    
   
 4.34 
    
    
   
 4.11 
    
 
   Aggregate intrinsic value 
    
 $ 
 167,713 
    
    
 $ 
 208,152 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Exercisable options: 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) 
    
   
 2.72 
    
    
   
 2.49 
    
 
   Aggregate intrinsic value 
    
 $ 
 112,724 
    
    
 $ 
 128,150 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Unrecognized compensation* 
    
 $ 
 38,809 
    
    
 $ 
 37,397 
    
 
   Weighted average period of expected recognition (in years)* 
    
   
 0.91 
    
    
   
 0.96 
    
     
 
 
   
 * 
   
 Includes restricted stock      
 Additional information concerning Torchmark’s unvested options is as follows at December 31:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   


 
   Number of shares outstanding 
    
   
 4,079,906 
    
    
   
 4,183,650 
    
 
   Weighted-average exercise price (per share) 
    
 $ 
 40.69 
    
    
 $ 
 32.98 
    
 
   Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) 
    
   
 5.85 
    
    
   
 5.81 
    
 
   Aggregate intrinsic value 
    
 $ 
 54,989 
    
    
 $ 
 80,002 
    
       Torchmark expects that substantially
all unvested options will vest.        The following table
summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December 31, 2014.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 Options Outstanding 
   
    
 Options Exercisable 
   
 
   Range of 
 Exercise Prices 
   
 Number Outstanding 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Life
(Years) 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   
    
 Number Exercisable 
   
    
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price 
   


 
   $18.56 - $20.58 
   
   
 1,719,209 
    
    
   
 1.87 
    
    
 $ 
 18.17 
    
    
   
 1,719,209 
    
    
 $ 
 18.17 
    
 
   24.22 - 29.59 
   
   
 1,698,264 
    
    
   
 3.37 
    
    
   
 29.31 
    
    
   
 1,552,247 
    
    
   
 29.30 
    
 
   30.33 - 32.48 
   
   
 1,335,555 
    
    
   
 4.69 
    
    
   
 30.54 
    
    
   
 506,440 
    
    
   
 30.61 
    
 
   37.40 - 43.06 
   
   
 1,614,112 
    
    
   
 5.48 
    
    
   
 37.58 
    
    
   
 26,250 
    
    
   
 43.06 
    
 
   50.69 - 51.62 
   
   
 1,522,181 
    
    
   
 6.69 
    
    
   
 50.70 
    
    
   
 5,269 
    
    
   
 51.62 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   $18.56 - $51.62 
   
   
 7,889,321 
    
    
   
 4.34 
    
    
 $ 
 32.91 
    
    
   
 3,809,415 
    
    
 $ 
 24.58 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       No equity awards were cash settled
during the three years ended December 31, 2014.      
  Note 14—Business Segments  
      Torchmark’s reportable segments are based on
the insurance product lines it markets and administers: life insurance, health insurance, Medicare Part D, and annuities. These major product lines are set out as reportable segments because of the common characteristics of products within these
categories, comparability of margins, and the similarity in regulatory environment and management techniques. There is also an investment segment which manages the investment portfolio, debt, and cash flow for the insurance segments and the
corporate function. Torchmark’s chief operating decision maker evaluates the overall performance of the operations of the Company in accordance with these segments.  
      97  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 14—Business Segments (continued)      
      Effective January 1,
2014, Torchmark reorganized its segment structure to separate its Medicare Part D health insurance business from its other health insurance activities as a stand-alone segment. Management has concluded that Medicare Part D meets the criteria of a
distinct segment. Previously, Part D was included in the health segment. Prior periods’ segment results have been retrospectively adjusted for comparability. Premium income for Medicare Part D health insurance is included with the premium for
other health products in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations .        Life insurance products include traditional and interest-sensitive whole life insurance as well as term life insurance. Health products are generally guaranteed-renewable and include Medicare Supplement, cancer,
accident, long-term care, and limited-benefit hospital and surgical coverages. Medicare Part D includes prescription drug coverage for Medicare beneficiaries. Annuities include fixed-benefit contracts.  
     Torchmark markets its insurance products through a number of
distribution channels, each of which sells the products of one or more of Torchmark’s insurance segments. The tables below present segment premium revenue by each of Torchmark’s marketing groups.  
     Torchmark Corporation  
 Premium Income By Distribution Channel      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the Year 2014 
   
 
   
   
 Life 
   
   
 Health 
   
   
 Medicare Part D 
   
   
 Annuity 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Distribution Channel 
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   


 
   United American Independent 
   
 $ 
 16,582 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
 $ 
 305,368 
    
   
   
 35 
    
   
 $ 
 55,397 
    
   
   
 16 
    
   
 $ 
 400 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 377,747 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Liberty National Exclusive 
   
   
 272,265 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
   
 222,017 
    
   
   
 25 
    
   
   
 6,431 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 500,713 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
   American Income Exclusive 
   
   
 766,458 
    
   
   
 39 
    
   
   
 78,722 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 845,180 
    
   
   
 27 
    
 
   Family Heritage Exclusive 
   
   
 1,595 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 204,667 
    
   
   
 24 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 206,262 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Direct Response 
   
   
 702,023 
    
   
   
 36 
    
   
   
 58,666 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 285,977 
    
   
   
 82 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,046,666 
    
   
   
 33 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 207,377 
    
   
   
 10 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 207,377 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,966,300 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 869,440 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 347,805 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 400 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 3,183,945 
    
   
   
 100 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the Year 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Life 
   
   
 Health 
   
   
 Medicare Part D 
   
   
 Annuity 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Distribution Channel 
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
 
   United American Independent 
   
 $ 
 19,742 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
 $ 
 298,298 
    
   
   
 35 
    
   
 $ 
 41,455 
    
   
   
 14 
    
   
 $ 
 532 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 360,027 
    
   
   
 12 
    
 
   Liberty National Exclusive 
   
   
 275,980 
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 241,264 
    
   
   
 28 
    
   
   
 7,361 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 524,605 
    
   
   
 17 
    
 
   American Income Exclusive 
   
   
 715,366 
    
   
   
 38 
    
   
   
 79,435 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 794,801 
    
   
   
 26 
    
 
   Family Heritage Exclusive 
   
   
 1,006 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 190,923 
    
   
   
 22 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 191,929 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Direct Response 
   
   
 663,544 
    
   
   
 35 
    
   
   
 53,898 
    
   
   
 6 
    
   
   
 251,192 
    
   
   
 84 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 968,634 
    
   
   
 32 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 209,694 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 209,694 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,885,332 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 863,818 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 300,008 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 532 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 3,049,690 
    
   
   
 100 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the Year 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Life 
   
   
 Health 
   
   
 Medicare Part D 
   
   
 Annuity 
   
   
 Total 
   
 
   Distribution Channel 
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
   
 Amount 
   
   
 % of Total 
   
 
   United American Independent 
   
 $ 
 21,127 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
 $ 
 298,759 
    
   
   
 41 
    
   
 $ 
 64,021 
    
   
   
 20 
    
   
 $ 
 559 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 384,466 
    
   
   
 13 
    
 
   Liberty National Exclusive 
   
   
 281,723 
    
   
   
 15 
    
   
   
 263,535 
    
   
   
 36 
    
   
   
 8,533 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 553,791 
    
   
   
 19 
    
 
   American Income Exclusive 
   
   
 663,696 
    
   
   
 37 
    
   
   
 79,640 
    
   
   
 11 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 743,336 
    
   
   
 26 
    
 
   Family Heritage Exclusive 
   
   
 130 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 30,119 
    
   
   
 4 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 30,249 
    
   
   
 1 
    
 
   Direct Response 
   
   
 630,111 
    
   
   
 35 
    
   
   
 57,966 
    
   
   
 8 
    
   
   
 245,210 
    
   
   
 77 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 933,287 
    
   
   
 33 
    
 
   Other 
   
   
 211,737 
    
   
   
 12 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 211,737 
    
   
   
 8 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,808,524 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 730,019 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 317,764 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 559 
    
   
   
 100 
    
   
 $ 
 2,856,866 
    
   
   
 100 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
      98  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      
   

  Note 14—Business Segments (continued)      
  Because of the nature of the life insurance industry, Torchmark has no individual or group which
would be considered a major customer. Substantially all of Torchmark’s business is conducted in the United States.      
 The measure of profitability established by the chief operating decision maker for insurance segments is underwriting margin before other income and
administrative expenses, in accordance with the manner the segments are managed. It essentially represents gross profit margin on insurance products before insurance administrative expenses and consists of premium, less net policy obligations,
acquisition expenses, and commissions. Interest credited to net policy liabilities (reserves less deferred acquisition costs) is reflected as a component of the Investment segment in order to match this cost to the investment earnings from the
assets supporting the net policy liabilities.        The measure
of profitability for the Investment segment is excess investment income, which represents the income earned on the investment portfolio in excess of net policy requirements and financing costs associated with Torchmark’s debt. Other than the
above-mentioned interest allocations and an intersegment commission, there are no other intersegment revenues or expenses. Expenses directly attributable to corporate operations are included in the “Corporate” category. Stock-based
compensation expense is considered a corporate expense by Torchmark management and is included in this category. All other unallocated revenues and expenses on a pretax basis, including insurance administrative expense, are included in the
“Other” segment category.        Torchmark holds a
sizeable investment portfolio to support its insurance liabilities, the yield from which is used to offset policy benefit, acquisition, administrative and tax expenses. This yield or investment income is taken into account when establishing premium
rates and profitability expectations of its insurance products. In holding such a portfolio, investments are sold, called, or written down from time to time, resulting in a realized gain or loss. These gains or losses generally occur as a result of
disposition due to issuer calls, a downgrade in credit quality, compliance with Company investment policies, or other reasons often beyond management’s control. Unlike investment income, realized gains and losses are incidental to insurance
operations, and only overall yields are considered when setting premium rates or insurance product profitability expectations. While these gains and losses are not relevant to segment profitability or core operating results, they can have a material
positive or negative result on net income. For these reasons, management removes realized investment gains and losses when it views its segment operations.      
 During 2014, Torchmark accrued for certain litigation matters in the net amount of $3.7 million ($2.4 million after tax) that were not directly
related to its insurance operations. Additionally, Torchmark received $1.3 million ($853 thousand after tax) in settlement of litigation regarding investments. Also in 2014, the Company recorded $8.2 million in administrative settlements ($5.3
million after tax) related to benefits paid for deaths occurring in prior years where claims had not been filed. These administrative settlements were included in “Policyholder benefits” in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations 
in 2014. During 2013, Torchmark incurred four non-operating charges: (1) a state guaranty fund assessment in the amount of $1.2 million ($751 thousand after tax), resulting from events in years prior to 2012, (2) a legal settlement related
to a non-insurance matter in the amount of $500 thousand ($325 thousand after tax), (3) the settlement of a litigation matter related to prior years in the amount of $8.6 million ($5.6 million after tax) and (4) a one-time adjustment
related to the finalization of accounting for the acquisition of the insurance assets and liabilities of Family Heritage. The Family Heritage acquisition closed on November 1, 2012. This adjustment increased after-tax earnings in the amount of
$522 thousand. Management removes items that are related to prior periods when evaluating the operating results of current periods. Management also removes non-operating items unrelated to its core insurance activities when evaluating those results.
Therefore, these items are excluded in its presentation of segment results, because accounting guidance requires that operating segment results be presented as management views its business. With the exception of the administrative settlements in
the paragraph above, all of these items are included in “Other operating expense” in the  Consolidated Statements of Operations  for the appropriate year.  
      99  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 14—Business Segments (continued)      
  The following tables set forth a reconciliation of Torchmark’s revenues and operations by
segment to its major income statement line items. See  Note 1—Significant Accounting Policies  for additional information concerning reconciling items of segment profits to pretax income.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the year 2014 
   
 
   
   
 Life 
   
   
 Health 
   
   
 Medicare Part D 
   
   
 Annuity 
   
   
 Investment 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Corporate 
   
   
 Adjustments 
   
   
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenue: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Premium 
   
 $ 
 1,966,300 
    
   
 $ 
 869,440 
    
   
 $ 
 347,805 
    
   
 $ 
 400 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 25,475 
 (1)   
   
 $ 
 3,209,420 
    
 
   Net investment income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 758,286 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (29,079 
 ) (4)   
   
   
 729,207 
    
 
   Other income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 2,354 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (233 
 ) (3)   
   
   
 2,121 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,966,300 
    
   
   
 869,440 
    
   
   
 347,805 
    
   
   
 400 
    
   
   
 758,286 
    
   
   
 2,354 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (3,837 
 )  
   
   
 3,940,748 
    
 
   Expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Policy benefits 
   
   
 1,293,384 
    
   
   
 559,817 
    
   
   
 290,341 
    
   
   
 42,005 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 33,653 
 (1,6)   
   
   
 2,219,200 
    
 
   Required interest on: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Policy reserves 
   
   
 (530,192 
 )  
   
   
 (64,401 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (55,255 
 )  
   
   
 649,848 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Deferred acquisition costs 
   
   
 168,100 
    
   
   
 22,499 
    
   
   
 727 
    
   
   
 1,453 
    
   
   
 (192,779 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Amortization of acquisition costs 
   
   
 335,345 
    
   
   
 72,731 
    
   
   
 2,858 
    
   
   
 7,838 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 418,772 
    
 
   Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs 
   
   
 143,174 
    
   
   
 79,475 
    
   
   
 26,613 
    
   
   
 47 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (233 
 ) (3)   
   
   
 249,076 
    
 
   Insurance administrative expense (2) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 179,955 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,422 
 (5)   
   
   
 182,377 
    
 
   Parent expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 8,159 
    
   
   
 (85 
 ) (5)   
   
   
 8,074 
    
 
   Stock compensation expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 32,203 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 32,203 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 76,126 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 76,126 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
   
   
 1,409,811 
    
   
   
 670,121 
    
   
   
 320,539 
    
   
   
 (3,912 
 )  
   
   
 533,195 
    
   
   
 179,955 
    
   
   
 40,362 
    
   
   
 35,757 
    
   
   
 3,185,828 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 556,489 
    
   
   
 199,319 
    
   
   
 27,266 
    
   
   
 4,312 
    
   
   
 225,091 
    
   
   
 (177,601 
 )  
   
   
 (40,362 
 )  
   
   
 (39,594 
 )  
   
   
 754,920 
    
 
   Nonoperating items 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 10,515 
 (5,6)   
   
   
 10,515 
    
 
   Amortization of low-income housing 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 29,079 
 (4)   
   
   
 29,079 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Measure of segment profitability (pretax) 
   
 $ 
 556,489 
    
   
 $ 
 199,319 
    
   
 $ 
 27,266 
    
   
 $ 
 4,312 
    
   
 $ 
 225,091 
    
   
 $ 
 (177,601 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (40,362 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
   
 794,514 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Deduct applicable income taxes 
      
   
   
 (260,046 
 )  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment profits after tax 
      
   
   
 534,468 
    
 
 
 
 
   Add back income taxes applicable to segment profitability 
      
   
   
 260,046 
    
 
   Add (deduct) realized investment gains (losses) 
      
   
   
 23,548 
    
 
   Deduct Part D adjustments (1) 
      
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Deduct amortization of low-income
housing (4) 
      
   
   
 (29,079 
 )   
 
   Deduct legal settlement expenses (5) 

      
   
   
 (2,337 
 )   
 
   Deduct administrative
settlements (6) 
      
   
   
 (8,178 
 )  
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Pretax income per Consolidated Statement of Operations 
      
   
 $ 
 778,468 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Medicare Part D items adjusted to GAAP from the segment analysis, which matches expected benefits with policy premium.  
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments.  
 
 
 (3) 
   
 Elimination of intersegment commission.  
 
 
 (4) 
   
 Amortization of low-income housing expense, considered a component of income tax expense in the segment analysis.  
 
 
 (5) 
   
 Legal settlement expenses.  
 
 
 (6) 
   
 Administrative settlements.  
      100  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 14—Business Segments (continued)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the year 2013 
   
 
   
   
 Life 
   
   
 Health* 
   
   
 Medicare Part D* 
   
   
 Annuity 
   
   
 Investment 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Corporate 
   
   
 Adjustments 
   
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenue: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Premium 
   
 $ 
 1,885,332 
    
   
 $ 
 863,818 
    
   
 $ 
 300,008 
    
   
 $ 
 532 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 2,584 
 (1)   
   
 
   
 $ 
 3,052,274 
    
 
   Net investment income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 734,650 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (24,907 
 ) (4)   
   
 
   
   
 709,743 
    
 
   Other income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 2,208 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (277 
 ) (3)   
   
 
   
   
 1,931 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,885,332 
    
   
   
 863,818 
    
   
   
 300,008 
    
   
   
 532 
    
   
   
 734,650 
    
   
   
 2,208 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (22,600 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 3,763,948 
    
 
   Expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Policy benefits 
   
   
 1,227,857 
    
   
   
 558,982 
    
   
   
 247,496 
    
   
   
 43,302 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 11,209 
 (1,6 )   
   
 
   
   
 2,088,846 
    
 
   Required interest on: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Policy reserves 
   
   
 (508,236 
 )  
   
   
 (59,858 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (57,294 
 )  
   
   
 625,388 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Deferred acquisition costs 
   
   
 164,981 
    
   
   
 22,568 
    
   
   
 665 
    
   
   
 1,811 
    
   
   
 (190,025 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Amortization of acquisition costs 
   
   
 323,950 
    
   
   
 69,724 
    
   
   
 2,520 
    
   
   
 8,714 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (1,519 
 ) (7)   
   
 
   
   
 403,389 
    
 
   Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs 
   
   
 131,721 
    
   
   
 75,895 
    
   
   
 14,027 
    
   
   
 60 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (277 
 ) (3)   
   
 
   
   
 221,426 
    
 
   Insurance administrative expense (2) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 178,898 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,155 
 (5)   
   
 
   
   
 180,053 
    
 
   Parent expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 8,495 
    
   
   
 500 
 (6)   
   
 
   
   
 8,995 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 25,642 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 25,642 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 80,461 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 80,461 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
   
   
 1,340,273 
    
   
   
 667,311 
    
   
   
 264,708 
    
   
   
 (3,407 
 )  
   
   
 515,824 
    
   
   
 178,898 
    
   
   
 34,137 
    
   
   
 11,068 
    
   
 
   
   
 3,008,812 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Subtotal 
   
   
 545,059 
    
   
   
 196,507 
    
   
   
 35,300 
    
   
   
 3,939 
    
   
   
 218,826 
    
   
   
 (176,690 
 )  
   
   
 (34,137 
 )  
   
   
 (33,668 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 755,136 
    
 
   Non-operating items 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 8,761 
 (5,6,7)   
   
 
   
   
 8,761 
    
 
   Amortization of low-income housing interests 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 24,907 
 (4)   
   
 
   
   
 24,907 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Measure of segment profitability (pretax) 
   
 $ 
 545,059 
    
   
 $ 
 196,507 
    
   
 $ 
 35,300 
    
   
 $ 
 3,939 
    
   
 $ 
 218,826 
    
   
 $ 
 (176,690 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (34,137 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 
   
   
 788,804 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deduct applicable income taxes 
      
   
 
   
   
 (258,137 
 )  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment profits after tax 
      
   
 
   
   
 530,667 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Add back income taxes applicable to segment profitability 
      
   
 
   
   
 258,137 
    
 
   Add (deduct) realized investment gains (losses) 
      
   
 
   
   
 7,990 
    
 
   Deduct Medicare Part D
adjustments (1) 
      
   
 
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Deduct amortization of low-income
housing (4) 
      
   
 
   
   
 (24,907 
 )  
 
   Deduct Guaranty Fund Assessment (5) 
      
   
 
   
   
 (1,155 
 )  
 
   Deduct legal settlement expenses (6) 

      
   
 
   
   
 (9,125 
 )  
 
   Add Family Heritage Life acquisition
adjustments (7) 
      
   
 
   
   
 1,519 
    
 
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Pretax income per Consolidated Statement of Operations 
      
   
 
   
 $ 
 763,126 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Medicare Part D items adjusted to GAAP from the segment analysis, which matches expected benefits with policy premium.  
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments.  
 
 
 (3) 
   
 Elimination of intersegment commission.  
 
 
 (4) 
   
 Amortization of low-income housing interests.  
 
 
 (5) 
   
 Guaranty Fund Assessment.  
 
 
 (6) 
   
 Legal settlement expenses.  
 
 
 (7) 
   
 Family Heritage Life acquisition adjustments.  
 
 
 * 
   
 Retrospectively adjusted to give effect to the reorganization of segments described earlier in this Note.  
      101  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 14—Business Segments (continued)      

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 For the Year 2012 
   
 
   
   
 Life 
   
   
 Health* 
   
   
 Medicare Part D* 
   
   
 Annuity 
   
   
 Investment 
   
   
 Other 
   
   
 Corporate 
   
   
 Adjustments 
   
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Revenue: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Premium 
   
 $ 
 1,808,524 
    
   
 $ 
 730,019 
    
   
 $ 
 317,764 
    
   
 $ 
 559 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 (404 
 ) (1)   
   
 
   
 $ 
 2,856,462 
    
 
   Net investment income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 715,918 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (22,274 
 ) ( 2)(5)   
   
 
   
   
 693,644 
    
 
   Other income 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,898 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (321 
 ) (4)   
   
 
   
   
 1,577 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
   
   
 1,808,524 
    
   
   
 730,019 
    
   
   
 317,764 
    
   
   
 559 
    
   
   
 715,918 
    
   
   
 1,898 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (22,999 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 3,551,683 
    
 
   Expenses: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Policy benefits 
   
   
 1,172,020 
    
   
   
 472,988 
    
   
   
 266,957 
    
   
   
 44,121 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (404 
 ) (1)   
   
 
   
   
 1,955,682 
    
 
   Required interest on: Policy reserves 
   
   
 (483,892 
 )  
   
   
 (40,963 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (59,293 
 )  
   
   
 584,148 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Deferred acquisition costs 
   
   
 163,875 
    
   
   
 18,475 
    
   
   
 584 
    
   
   
 2,238 
    
   
   
 (185,172 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Amortization of acquisition costs 
   
   
 309,930 
    
   
   
 62,910 
    
   
   
 2,368 
    
   
   
 9,959 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 385,167 
    
 
   Commissions, premium taxes, and non-deferred acquisition costs 
   
   
 137,115 
    
   
   
 52,625 
    
   
   
 14,498 
    
   
   
 69 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (321 
 ) (4)   
   
 
   
   
 203,986 
    
 
   Insurance administrative expense (3) 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 165,405 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 165,405 
    
 
   Parent expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 8,222 
    
   
   
 2,944 
 (6)   
   
 
   
   
 11,166 
    
 
   Stock-based compensation expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 21,605 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
   
 21,605 
    
 
   Interest expense 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 80,298 
    
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 214 
 (2)   
   
 
   
   
 80,512 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
   
   
 1,299,048 
    
   
   
 566,035 
    
   
   
 284,407 
    
   
   
 (2,906 
 )  
   
   
 479,274 
    
   
   
 165,405 
    
   
   
 29,827 
    
   
   
 2,433 
    
   
 
   
   
 2,823,523 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Sub total 
   
   
 509,476 
    
   
   
 163,984 
    
   
   
 33,357 
    
   
   
 3,465 
    
   
   
 236,644 
    
   
   
 (163,507 
 )  
   
   
 (29,827 
 )  
   
   
 (25,432 
 )  
   
 
   
   
 728,160 
    
 
   Non operating items 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 2,944 
 (6)   
   
 
   
   
 2,944 
    
 
   Amortization of low-income housing interests 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
   
 22,488 
 (5)   
   
 
   
   
 22,488 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Measure of segment profitability (pretax) 
   
 $ 
 509,476 
    
   
 $ 
 163,984 
    
   
 $ 
 33,357 
    
   
 $ 
 3,465 
    
   
 $ 
 236,644 
    
   
 $ 
 (163,507 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (29,827 
 )  
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 
   
   
 753,592 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Deduct applicable income taxes 
      
   
 
   
   
 (246,945 
 )  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Segment profits after tax 
      
   
 
   
   
 506,647 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Add back income taxes applicable to segment profitability 
      
   
 
   
   
 246,945 
    
 
   Add (deduct) realized investment gains (losses) 
      
   
 
   
   
 37,833 
    
 
   Deduct Medicare Part D
adjustments (1) 
      
   
 
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Deduct amortization of low-income
housing (5) 
      
   
 
   
   
 (22,488 
 )  
 
   Deduct Family Heritage Life acquisition
expense (6) 
      
   
 
   
   
 (2,944 
 )  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
 
   Pretax income per the  Consolidated Statement of Operations 
      
   
 
   
 $ 
 765,993 
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 Medicare Part D items adjusted to GAAP from the segment analysis, which matches expected benefits with policy premium.  
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Reclassification of interest amount due to accounting rule requiring deconsolidation of Trust Preferred Securities.  
 
 
 (3) 
   
 Administrative expense is not allocated to insurance segments.  
 
 
 (4) 
   
 Elimination of intersegment commission.  
 
 
 (5) 
   
 Amortization of low-income housing interests.  
 
 
 (6) 
   
 Family Heritage Life acquisition expense.  
 
 
 * 
   
 Retrospectively adjusted to give effect to the reorganization of segments described earlier in this Note.  
      102  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 14—Business Segments (continued)      
  The following table summarizes the measures of segment profitability as determined in the three
preceding tables for comparison with prior periods. The table also reconciles segment profits to net income.      
 Analysis of Profitability by Segment      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 2014 
   
   
 2013 
   
   
 2012 
   
   
 2014 Change 
   
   
 % 
   
   
 2013 Change 
   
   
 % 
   


 
   Life insurance underwriting margin 
   
 $ 
 556,489 
    
   
 $ 
 545,059 
    
   
 $ 
 509,476 
    
   
 $ 
 11,430 
    
   
   
 2 
    
   
 $ 
 35,583 
    
   
   
 7 
    
 
   Health insurance underwriting margin* 
   
   
 199,319 
    
   
   
 196,507 
    
   
   
 163,984 
    
   
   
 2,812 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 32,523 
    
   
   
 20 
    
 
   Medicare Part D underwriting margin* 
   
   
 27,266 
    
   
   
 35,300 
    
   
   
 33,357 
    
   
   
 (8,034 
 )  
   
   
 (23 
 )  
   
   
 1,943 
    
   
   
 6 
    
 
   Annuity underwriting margin 
   
   
 4,312 
    
   
   
 3,939 
    
   
   
 3,465 
    
   
   
 373 
    
   
   
 9 
    
   
   
 474 
    
   
   
 14 
    
 
   Excess investment income 
   
   
 225,091 
    
   
   
 218,826 
    
   
   
 236,644 
    
   
   
 6,265 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
   
 (17,818 
 )  
   
   
 (8 
 )  
 
   Other insurance: 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Other income 
   
   
 2,354 
    
   
   
 2,208 
    
   
   
 1,898 
    
   
   
 146 
    
   
   
 7 
    
   
   
 310 
    
   
   
 16 
    
 
   Administrative expense 
   
   
 (179,955 
 )  
   
   
 (178,898 
 )  
   
   
 (165,405 
 )  
   
   
 (1,057 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (13,493 
 )  
   
   
 8 
    
 
   Corporate and adjustments 
   
   
 (40,362 
 )  
   
   
 (34,137 
 )  
   
   
 (29,827 
 )  
   
   
 (6,225 
 )  
   
   
 18 
    
   
   
 (4,310 
 )  
   
   
 14 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Pre-tax total 
   
   
 794,514 
    
   
   
 788,804 
    
   
   
 753,592 
    
   
   
 5,710 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 35,212 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Applicable taxes 
   
   
 (260,046 
 )  
   
   
 (258,137 
 )  
   
   
 (246,945 
 )  
   
   
 (1,909 
 )  
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 (11,192 
 )  
   
   
 5 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Total 
   
   
 534,468 
    
   
   
 530,667 
    
   
   
 506,647 
    
   
   
 3,801 
    
   
   
 1 
    
   
   
 24,020 
    
   
   
 5 
    
 
   Realized gains (losses)—investments (after tax) 
   
   
 15,306 
    
   
   
 3,965 
    
   
   
 24,591 
    
   
   
 11,341 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (20,626 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Acquisition expense—Family Heritage (after tax) 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (1,914 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 1,914 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Family Heritage acquisition finalization adjustments (after tax) 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 522 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (522 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 522 
    
   
 
 
 
 
   Legal settlement expenses (after tax) 
   
   
 (1,519 
 )  
   
   
 (5,931 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 4,412 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (5,931 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Guaranty Fund assessment (after tax) 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (751 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 751 
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 (751 
 )  
   
 
 
 
 
   Administrative settlements (after tax) 
   
   
 (5,316 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (5,316 
 )  
   
 
 
 
   
   
 0 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
   
 $ 
 542,939 
    
   
 $ 
 528,472 
    
   
 $ 
 529,324 
    
   
 $ 
 14,467 
    
   
   
 3 
    
   
 $ 
 (852) 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
   
 Retrospectively adjusted to give effect to the reorganization of segments described earlier in this Note.  
      103  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 14—Business Segments (continued)      
  Assets for each segment are reported based on a specific identification basis. The insurance
segments’ assets contain deferred acquisition costs (including the value of insurance purchased). The investment segment includes the investment portfolio, cash, and accrued investment income. Goodwill is assigned to the insurance segments at
the time of purchase based on the excess of cost over the fair value of assets acquired for the benefit of that segment. All other assets are included in the Other category. The table below reconciles segment assets to total assets as reported in
the consolidated financial statements.        Assets by Segment
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Life 
   
    
 Health 
   
    
 Medicare Part D 
   
    
 Annuity 
   
    
 Investment 
   
    
 Other 
   
    
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Cash and invested assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 15,058,996 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 15,058,996 
    
 
   Accrued investment income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 204,879 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 204,879 
    
 
   Deferred acquisition costs 
    
 $ 
 2,946,995 
    
    
 $ 
 493,880 
    
    
 $ 
 14,384 
    
    
 $ 
 16,522 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 3,471,781 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 309,609 
    
    
   
 131,982 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 441,591 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,037,483 
    
    
   
 1,037,483 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 3,256,604 
    
    
 $ 
 625,862 
    
    
 $ 
 14,384 
    
    
 $ 
 16.522 
    
    
 $ 
 15,263,875 
    
    
 $ 
 1,037,483 
    
    
 $ 
 20,214,730 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2013* 
   
 
   
    
 Life 
   
    
 Health 
   
    
 Medicare Part D 
   
    
 Annuity 
   
    
 Investment 
   
    
 Other 
   
    
 Consolidated 
   
 
   Cash and invested assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 13,456,944 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 13,456,944 
    
 
   Accrued investment income 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 200,038 
    
    
 
 
 
    
   
 200,038 
    
 
   Deferred acquisition costs 
    
 $ 
 2,809,199 
    
    
 $ 
 485,527 
    
    
 $ 
 12,216 
    
    
 $ 
 30,707 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 3,337,649 
    
 
   Goodwill 
    
   
 309,609 
    
    
   
 131,982 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 441,591 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 755,522 
    
    
   
 755,522 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 3,118,808 
    
    
 $ 
 617,509 
    
    
 $ 
 12,216 
    
    
 $ 
 30,707 
    
    
 $ 
 13,656,982 
    
    
 $ 
 755,522 
    
    
 $ 
 18,191,744 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Other Balances by Segment
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2014 
   
 
   
    
 Life 
   
    
 Health 
   
    
 Medicare Part D 
   
   
 Annuity 
   
    
 Investment 
   
    
 Consolidated 
   


 
   Future policy benefits 
    
 $ 
 8,900,344 
    
    
 $ 
 1,489,963 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,360,188 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 11,750,495 
    
 
   Unearned and advance premium 
    
   
 17,238 
    
    
   
 54,465 
    
    
 $ 
 572 
    
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 72,275 
    
 
   Policy claims and other benefits payable 
    
   
 125,884 
    
    
   
 128,265 
    
    
   
 (42,012 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 212,137 
    
 
   Debt 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,230,528 
    
    
   
 1,230,528 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 9,043,466 
    
    
 $ 
 1,672,693 
    
    
 $ 
 (41,440 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,360,188 
    
    
 $ 
 1,230,528 
    
    
 $ 
 13,265,435 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
 At December 31, 2013* 
   
 
   
    
 Life 
   
    
 Health 
   
    
 Medicare Part D 
   
   
 Annuity 
   
    
 Investment 
   
    
 Consolidated 
   
 
   Future policy benefits 
    
 $ 
 8,493,972 
    
    
 $ 
 1,384,365 
    
    
 
 
 
   
 $ 
 1,377,818 
    
    
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 11,256,155 
    
 
   Unearned and advance premium 
    
   
 16,970 
    
    
   
 54,248 
    
    
 $ 
 2,956 
    
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 74,174 
    
 
   Policy claims and other benefits payable 
    
   
 121,661 
    
    
   
 116,559 
    
    
   
 (14,840 
 )  
   
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
   
 223,380 
    
 
   Debt 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
 $ 
 1,219,935 
    
    
   
 1,219,935 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Total 
    
 $ 
 8,632,603 
    
    
 $ 
 1,555,172 
    
    
 $ 
 (11,884 
 )  
   
 $ 
 1,377,818 
    
    
 $ 
 1,219,935 
    
    
 $ 
 12,773,644 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 * 
   
 Retrospectively adjusted to give effect to the reorganization of segments described earlier in this Note.  
      104  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies  
    
 Reinsurance:     Insurance affiliates of Torchmark reinsure that portion of insurance risk which is in excess of their
retention limits. Retention limits for ordinary life insurance range up to $2.0 million per life. Life insurance ceded represented less than .1% of total life insurance in force at December 31, 2014. Insurance ceded on life and accident and health
products represented .2% of premium income for 2014. Torchmark would be liable for the reinsured risks ceded to other companies to the extent that such reinsuring companies are unable to meet their obligations.  
     Insurance affiliates also assume insurance risks of other companies.
Life reinsurance assumed represented 2.2% of life insurance in force at December 31, 2014 and reinsurance assumed on life and accident and health products represented .8% of premium income for 2014.  
     Leases:     Torchmark leases office space and
office equipment under a variety of operating lease arrangements. Rental expense for operating leases was $4.2 million in 2014, $4.1 million in 2013, and $3.6 million in 2012. Future minimum rental commitments required under operating leases
having remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year at December 31, 2014 were as follows: 2015, $9 million; 2016, $8 million; 2017, $7 million; 2018, $4 million; 2019, $4 million and in the aggregate, $46 million.  
     Low-Income Housing Tax Credit
Interests:     As described in  Note 1 , Torchmark had $318 million invested in entities which provide certain tax benefits at December 31, 2014. As of December 31, 2014, Torchmark remained obligated under these
commitments for $76 million, of which $44 million is due in 2015, $19 million in 2016, $6 million in 2017, and $7 million thereafter.      
 Concentrations of Credit Risk:     Torchmark maintains a diversified investment portfolio with limited concentration in
any given issuer. At December 31, 2014, the investment portfolio, at fair value, consisted of the following:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Investment-grade corporate securities 
    
   
 81 
 %  
 
   Securities of state and municipal governments 
    
   
 10 
    
 
   Below-investment-grade securities 
    
   
 4 
    
 
   Policy loans, which are secured by the underlying insurance policy values 
    
   
 3 
    
 
   Government-sponsored enterprises 
    
   
 2 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
 
 
    
   
 100 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
       As of December 31, 2014, securities of
state and municipal governments represented 10% of invested assets at fair value. Such investments are made throughout the U.S. At year-end 2014, 5% or more of the state and municipal bond portfolio at fair value was invested in securities issued
within the following states: Texas (31%), Ohio (7%), Washington (7%), Illinois (6%), and Alabama (5%). Otherwise, there was no significant concentration within any given state.  
     Corporate debt and equity investments are made in a wide range of
industries. Below are the ten largest industry concentrations held in the corporate portfolio at December 31, 2014, based on fair value:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
   Insurance 
    
   
 18 
 %  
 
   Electric utilities and services 
    
   
 17 
 %  
 
   Pipelines 
    
   
 7 
 %  
 
   Banks 
    
   
 6 
 %  
 
   Oil and gas extraction 
    
   
 5 
 %  
 
   Transportation 
    
   
 5 
 %  
 
   Chemicals 
    
   
 4 
 %  
 
   Mining 
    
   
 3 
 %  
 
   Gas utilities 
    
   
 3 
 %  
 
   REITs 
    
   
 3 
 %  
 
      105  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 15—Commitments and Contingencies (continued)  
   
  At year-end 2014, 4% of invested assets at fair value was represented by fixed maturities rated
below investment grade (BB or lower as determined by the weighted average of available ratings from rating services). Par value of these investments was $635 million, amortized cost was $561 million, and fair value was $550 million. While these
investments could be subject to additional credit risk, such risk should generally be reflected in their fair value.      
 Guarantees:     At December 31, 2014, Torchmark had in place  three guarantee agreements, of which were either
parent company guarantees of subsidiary obligations to a third party, or parent company guarantees of obligations between wholly-owned subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2014, Torchmark had no liability with respect to these guarantees.  
     Letters of
Credit :    Torchmark has guaranteed letters of credit in connection with its credit facility with a group of banks as disclosed in  Note 11 . The letters of credit were issued by TMK Re, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary,
to secure TMK Re, Ltd.’s obligation for claims on certain policies reinsured by TMK Re, Ltd. that were sold by other Torchmark insurance companies. These letters of credit facilitate TMK Re, Ltd.’s ability to reinsure the business of
Torchmark’s insurance carriers. The agreement expires in 2019. The maximum amount of letters of credit available is $250 million. Torchmark (parent company) would be liable to the extent that TMK Re, Ltd. does not pay the reinsured party. At
December 31, 2014, $198 million of letters of credit were outstanding.        Equipment leases :    Torchmark has guaranteed performance of certain subsidiaries as lessees under three leasing arrangements, two for aviation equipment and the other for computer
software and other furniture and equipment. One aviation lease expires in August, 2022, and the second expires in September, 2024. The other lease expires in December, 2017. At December 31, 2014, total remaining undiscounted payments under the
leases were approximately $23 million. Torchmark (parent company) would be responsible for any subsidiary obligation in the event the subsidiary did not make payments or otherwise perform under the terms of the lease.  
     Unclaimed Property
Audits :     Torchmark subsidiaries are currently the subject of audits regarding the identification, reporting, and escheatment of unclaimed property arising from life insurance policies and a limited number of annuity
contracts. These audits are being conducted by private entities that have contracted with forty seven states through their respective Departments of Revenue, and have not resulted in any financial assessment from any state nor indicated any Company
liability. These audits are wide-ranging, and seek large amounts of data regarding claims handling, procedures, and payments of contract benefits arising from unreported death claims. No estimate of range can be made at this time for loss
contingencies related to possible administrative amounts or penalties that could be payable to the states for the escheatment of abandoned property.      
 Litigation:      Torchmark and its subsidiaries, in common with the insurance industry in general, are subject to
litigation, including claims involving tax matters, alleged breaches of contract, torts, including bad faith and fraud claims based on alleged wrongful or fraudulent acts of agents of Torchmark’s subsidiaries, employment discrimination, and
miscellaneous other causes of action. Based upon information presently available, and in light of legal and other factual defenses available to Torchmark and its subsidiaries, management does not believe that such litigation will have a material
adverse effect on Torchmark’s financial condition, future operating results or liquidity; however, assessing the eventual outcome of litigation necessarily involves forward-looking speculation as to judgments to be made by judges, juries and
appellate courts in the future. This bespeaks caution, particularly in states with reputations for high punitive damage verdicts. Torchmark’s management recognizes that large punitive damage awards bearing little or no relation to actual
damages continue to be awarded by juries in jurisdictions in which Torchmark and its subsidiaries have substantial business, creating the potential for unpredictable material adverse judgments in any given punitive damage suit.  
     With respect to its current litigation, at this time management
believes that the possibility of a material judgment adverse to Torchmark is remote, and no estimate of range can be made for loss contingencies that are at least reasonably possible but not accrued.  
      106  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)  
 (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)      

  Note 16—Selected Quarterly Data (Unaudited)  
      The following is a summary of quarterly results for
the two years ended December 31, 2014. The information is unaudited but includes all adjustments (consisting of normal accruals) which management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for these periods.  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Three Months Ended 
   
 
   
    
     March 31,     
   
   
     June 30,     
   
    
 September 30, 
   
   
 December 31, 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2014: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   


 
   Premium and policy charges 
    
 $ 
 819,020 
    
   
 $ 
 799,866 
    
    
 $ 
 785,715 
    
   
 $ 
 804,819 
    
 
   Net investment income 
    
   
 181,000 
    
   
   
 182,877 
    
    
   
 182,101 
    
   
   
 183,229 
    
 
   Realized investment gains (losses) 
    
   
 16,619 
    
   
   
 577 
    
    
   
 (1,483 
 )  
   
   
 7,835 
    
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 1,017,120 
    
   
   
 983,983 
    
    
   
 967,001 
    
   
   
 996,192 
    
 
   Policy benefits 
    
   
 586,517 
    
   
   
 555,207 
    
    
   
 535,532 
    
   
   
 541,944 
    
 
   Amortization of acquisition expenses 
    
   
 104,733 
    
   
   
 104,561 
    
    
   
 103,834 
    
   
   
 105,644 
    
 
   Pretax income 
    
   
 190,487 
    
   
   
 186,758 
    
    
   
 189,564 
    
   
   
 211,659 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 132,856 
    
   
   
 130,923 
    
    
   
 132,412 
    
   
   
 146,748 
    
 
   Basic net income per common share* 
    
   
 1.00 
    
   
   
 1.00 
    
    
   
 1.02 
    
   
   
 1.14 
    
 
   Diluted net income per common share* 
    
   
 .98 
    
   
   
 .98 
    
    
   
 1.00 
    
   
   
 1.13 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   2013: 
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
 
   Premium and policy charges 
    
 $ 
 784,814 
    
   
 $ 
 765,851 
    
    
 $ 
 750,998 
    
   
 $ 
 750,611 
    
 
   Net investment income 
    
   
 176,839 
    
   
   
 177,964 
    
    
   
 176,656 
    
   
   
 178,284 
    
 
   Realized investment gains (losses) 
    
   
 (3,907 
 )  
   
   
 5,913 
    
    
   
 4,459 
    
   
   
 1,525 
    
 
   Total revenues 
    
   
 958,216 
    
   
   
 950,339 
    
    
   
 932,789 
    
   
   
 930,594 
    
 
   Policy benefits 
    
   
 552,003 
    
   
   
 524,499 
    
    
   
 516,783 
    
   
   
 495,561 
    
 
   Amortization of acquisition expenses 
    
   
 101,714 
    
   
   
 102,488 
    
    
   
 98,444 
    
   
   
 100,743 
    
 
   Pretax income 
    
   
 173,063 
    
   
   
 192,784 
    
    
   
 190,850 
    
   
   
 206,429 
    
 
   Net income 
    
   
 119,632 
    
   
   
 133,901 
    
    
   
 132,122 
    
   
   
 142,817 
    
 
   Basic net income per common share* 
    
   
 .85 
    
   
   
 .97 
    
    
   
 .97 
    
   
   
 1.06 
    
 
   Diluted net income per common share* 
    
   
 .84 
    
   
   
 .96 
    
    
   
 .95 
    
   
   
 1.04 
    
     
 
 
 * 
   
 Per share amounts have been retrospectively adjusted for the stock split effective July 1, 2014. Basic and diluted net income per share by quarter may not add to per share income
on a year-to-date basis due to share weighting and rounding.  

      107  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure      
 No disagreements with accountants on any matter of accounting principles or practices or financial statement disclosure have been reported on a Form
8-K within the twenty-four months prior to the date of the most recent financial statements.        Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures      
 Torchmark, under the direction of the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has
established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Torchmark in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. The disclosure controls and procedures are also intended to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to Torchmark’s management, including the
Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.  
     As of the end of the fiscal year completed December 31, 2014, an
evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of Torchmark management, including the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Torchmark’s disclosure
controls and procedures (as those terms are defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based upon their evaluation, the Co-Chairmen and Chief Executive Officers and the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that Torchmark’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the date of this Form 10-K. In compliance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. § 1350), each of these officers executed a
Certification included as an exhibit to this Form 10-K.        As
of the quarter ended December 31, 2014, there have not been any changes in Torchmark’s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect this control over financial reporting subsequent to the date of
their evaluation which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Torchmark’s internal control over financial reporting. No material weaknesses in such internal controls were identified in the evaluation and as a
consequence, no corrective action was required to be taken.      
 Item 9B.    Other Information        There were no items required.  
      108  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
     Management at Torchmark Corporation is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company and for assessing the effectiveness of internal control on an annual basis. As a framework for assessing internal control over financial reporting, the Company utilizes
the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in  Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  
     There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any internal
control, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because
of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may vary over time.        Management evaluated the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, and based on its assessment, determined that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2014. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation report on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as stated in their report which is included herein.  
   
 


 
 


 
 
 
   /s/ Gary L. Coleman 
 
   Gary L. Coleman 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
   /s/ Larry M. Hutchison 
 
   Larry M. Hutchison 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
   /s/ Frank M. Svoboda 
 
   Frank M. Svoboda 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       February 27, 2015  
      109  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
     To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of  
 Torchmark Corporation    McKinney, Texas  
     We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Torchmark Corporation
and subsidiaries (Torchmark) as of December 31, 2014, based on criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
Torchmark’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on Torchmark’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  
     We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our
audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.      
 A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and
principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.  
     Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting,
including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the
internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
       In our opinion, Torchmark maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, based on the criteria established in  Internal Control—Integrated Framework  (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.
       We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules as of and for the year ended December 31, 2014 of Torchmark and our report dated February 27, 2015 expressed an unqualified
opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedules.      
 /s/    DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP      
 Dallas, Texas    February 27, 2015  
      110  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  PART III        Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
       Information required by this item is incorporated by
reference from the sections entitled “Election of Directors,” “Profiles of Director Nominees,” “Executive Officers,” “Audit Committee Report,” “Governance Guidelines and Codes of Ethics,”
“Director Qualification Standards,” “Procedures for Director Nominations by Stockholders,” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
be held April 30, 2015 (the Proxy Statement), which is to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).      
 Item 11.    Executive Compensation        Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled “Compensation Discussion
and Analysis”, “Compensation Committee Report”, “Summary Compensation Table”, “2014 Grants of Plan-based Awards”, “Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 2014”, “Option Exercises and Stock
Vested during Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2014”, “Pension Benefits at December 31, 2014”, “Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control”, “2014 Director Compensation”, “Payments to
Directors” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC.      
 Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters      
 


 
 
 
 


 
   (a) 
   
   Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 As of December 31, 2014 
     
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Plan Category 
   
   Number of securities to be issued upon exercise
of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 
   
   
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights 
   
   
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance
under equity compensation plans 
   


 
   Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
   
   
 7,889,321 
    
   
 $ 
 32.91 
    
   
   
 8,458,593 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total 
   
   
 7,889,321 
    
   
 $ 
 32.91 
    
   
   
 8,458,593 
    
 
 
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
 


 
 
 
 


 
   (b) 
   
 Security ownership of certain beneficial owners: 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled “Principal Stockholders” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the
SEC. 
 
 
 
 
   (c) 
   
 Security ownership of management: 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section entitled “Stock Ownership” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the
SEC. 
 
 
 
 
   (d) 
   
 Changes in control: 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 Torchmark knows of no arrangements, including any pledges by any person of its securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control. 
       Item
13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence      
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled  “Related Party Transaction Policy and
Transactions” and “Director Independence Determinations” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC.      
 Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
     Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the
section entitled “Principal Accounting Firm Fees” and “Pre-approval Policy” in the Proxy Statement, which is to be filed with the SEC.  
      111  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  PART IV        Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
     Index of documents filed as a part of this report:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Page of this report 
   


 
   Financial Statements: 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Torchmark Corporation and Subsidiaries: 
    
 
 
 
 
   Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
   
 54 
    
 
   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2014 and 2013  
    
   
 55 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2014 
    
   
 56 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 
31, 2014 
    
   
 57 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 
31, 2014 
    
   
 58 
    
 
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2014 
    
   
 59 
    
 
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
   
 60 
    
 
   Schedules Supporting Financial Statements for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2014: 
    
 
 
 
 
    II. Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Parent Company) 
    
   
 120 
    
 
   IV. Reinsurance (Consolidated) 
    
   
 124 
    
 
   Schedules not referred to have been omitted as inapplicable or not required by Regulation
 S-X. 
      
 
      112  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  EXHIBITS  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 Page of this Report 


 
 3.1 
   
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Torchmark Corporation, filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on April 30, 2010 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1.2 to Form 8-K
dated May 5, 2010) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3.2 
   
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Torchmark Corporation, as amended April 20, 2012 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K dated April 24, 2012) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.1 
   
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(a) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1989) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.2 
   
 Trust Indenture dated as of February 1, 1987 between Torchmark Corporation and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, as Trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4(b) to Form
S-3 for $300,000,000 of Torchmark Corporation Debt Securities and Warrants (Registration No. 33-11816)) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.3 
   
 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated November 2, 2001, between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York defining the rights of the 7  3 / 4 %
Junior Subordinated Debentures (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K dated November 2, 2001) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.4 
   
 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 14, 2001, between Torchmark, BankOne Trust Company, National Association and The Bank of New York, supplementing the Indenture Agreement dated
February 1, 1987 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(b) to Torchmark’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-11716), and defining the rights of the 6  1 / 4 %
Senior Notes (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K dated December 14, 2001) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.5 
   
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 23, 2006 between Torchmark Corporation, J.P. Morgan Trust Company, National Association and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.
(incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed June 23, 2006) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.6 
   
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 30, 2009 between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4 to Form
10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.7 
   
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2012 between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee, supplementing the Indenture
dated February 1, 1987 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K dated September 24, 2012) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.8 
   
 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2012, between Torchmark Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N. A., as Trustee, supplementing the Junior
Subordinated Indenture dated November 2, 2001, (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.5 to Form 8-K dated September 24, 2012) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.9 
   
 Certificate and Declaration of Trust of SAFC Statutory Trust I dated February 16, 2006 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.9 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2012) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.10 
   
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of SAFC Statutory Trust I dated March 1, 2006 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.10 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2012) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4.11 
   
 Indenture dated as of March 1, 2006 for Fixed/Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures due 2036 between Southwestern American Financial Corporation and Wilmington
Trust Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.11 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.1 
   
 Torchmark Corporation and Affiliates Retired Lives Reserve Agreement, as amended, and Trust (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(b) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 1991)* 
   
 
      113  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page of this Report 


 
 
 
 
 
 10.2 
   
 Capital Accumulation and Bonus Plan of Torchmark Corporation, as amended, (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(c) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1988)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.3 
   
 Torchmark Corporation Supplementary Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(c) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.4 
   
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 16, 2014 among Torchmark Corporation, as the Borrower, TMK Re, Ltd., as a Loan Party, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as
Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender, L/C Issuer and L/C Administrator and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated July 21, 2014) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.5 
   
 Certified Copy of Resolution Regarding Director Retirement Benefit Program (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(e) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1999)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.6 
   
 Torchmark Corporation Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, Advisory Directors, Directors Emeritus and Officers, as amended (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(e) to
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.7 
   
 The Torchmark Corporation 1987 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(f) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.8 
   
 General Agency Contract between Liberty National Life Insurance Company and First Command Financial Services, Inc., (formerly known as Independent Research Agency For Life Insurance, Inc.)
(incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(i) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1990) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.9 
   
 Amendment to General Agency Contract between First Command Financial Services and Liberty National Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for
the First Quarter 2005)** 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.10 
   
 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement Between Torchmark Corporation or Subsidiary and Officer at the Level of Vice President or Above Eligible to Participate in the Torchmark Corporation
and Affiliates Retired Lives Reserve Agreement and to Retire Prior to December 31, 1986 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(k) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.11 
   
 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement between Torchmark Corporation or Subsidiary and Officer at the Level of Vice President or Above Eligible to Participate in the Torchmark Corporation
and Affiliates Retired Lives Reserve Agreement and Not Eligible to Retire Prior to December 31, 1986 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(l) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.12 
   
 Form of Deferred Compensation Agreement Between Torchmark Corporation or Subsidiary and Officer at the Level of Vice President or Above Not Eligible to Participate in Torchmark Corporation
and Affiliates Retired Lives Reserve Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(j) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1991)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.13 
   
 Service Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1991, between Torchmark Corporation and Liberty National Life Insurance Company (prototype for agreements between Torchmark Corporation and other
principal operating subsidiaries) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(n) to Form  10-K  for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.14 
   
 The Torchmark Corporation Amended and Restated Pension Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.15 
   
 Amendment Sixteen to the Torchmark Corporation Amended and Restated Pension Plan (as Restated Effective January 1, 2009) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2012)* 
   
 
      114  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page of this Report 


 
 
 
 
 
 10.16 
   
 The Torchmark Corporation 1998 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(n) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1998)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.17 
   
 The Torchmark Corporation Savings and Investment Plan (amended and restated as of January 1, 2009)* (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2010) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.18 
   
 Torchmark Corporation 2013 Management Incentive Plan effective as of January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 30, 2013)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.19 
   
 Coinsurance and Servicing Agreement between Security Benefit Life Insurance Company and Liberty National Life Insurance Company, effective as of December 31, 1995 (incorporated by
reference from Exhibit 10(u) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1995) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.20 
   
 Torchmark Corporation 1996 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(w) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1996)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.21 
   
 Torchmark Corporation 1996 Executive Deferred Compensation Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(x) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
1996)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.22 
   
 Form of Retirement Life Insurance Benefit Agreement ($1,995,000 face amount limit) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(z) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.23 
   
 Form of Retirement Life Insurance Benefit Agreement ($495,000 face amount limit) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(aa) to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2001)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.24 
   
 Payments to Directors (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for quarter ended September 30, 2014)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.25 
   
 Form of  Non-Formula  Based Director Stock Option Agreement pursuant to Torchmark Corporation 2005
 Non-Employee  Director Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Form  10-Q  for the First Quarter 2005)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.26 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to Torchmark Corporation 2005 Incentive Plan (Section 16(a) (restoration)) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to  Form 10-Q  for the First Quarter 2005)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.27 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to Torchmark Corporation 2005 Incentive Plan (restoration general) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Form  10-Q  for the First Quarter 2005)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.28 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to Torchmark Corporation 2005 Incentive Plan (bonus) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2005)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.29 
   
 Form of Stock Option Agreement pursuant to Torchmark Corporation 2005 Incentive Plan (regular vesting) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.37 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2005)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.30 
   
 Torchmark Corporation 2005  Non-Employee  Director Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form
 8-K  dated May 4, 2005)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.31 
   
 Torchmark Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Form  8-K  dated May 4, 2005)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.32 
   
 Form of Deferred Compensation Stock Option Grant Agreement pursuant to the Torchmark Corporation 2005  Non-Employee  Director Incentive Plan
(incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Form  8-K  dated May 4, 2005)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.33 
   
 Torchmark Corporation Amended and Restated 2005 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for quarter ended March 31, 2006)* 
   
 
      115  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page of this Report 


 
 
 
 
 
 10.34 
   
 Torchmark Corporation Amended and Restated 2005 Non-Employee Director Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for quarter ended March 31,
2006)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.35 
   
 Form of Director Stock Option Issued under Torchmark Corporation Amended and Restated 2005 Non-Employee Director Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q
for quarter ended March 31, 2006)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.36 
   
 Amendment One to Torchmark Corporation Supplementary Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q for quarter ended March 31, 2006)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.37 
   
 Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated January 25, 2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.38 
   
 Torchmark Corporation 2007 Long-Term Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.1 to Form 8-K dated May 2, 2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.39 
   
 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under Torchmark Corporation 2007 Long-Term Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.2 to Form 8-K dated May 2,
2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.40 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Award (Board grant) under Torchmark Corporation 2007 Long-Term Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 99.3 to Form 8-K dated May 2,
2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.41 
   
 Torchmark Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 29, 2008)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.42 
   
 Amendment No. 1 to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.53 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.43 
   
 Amendment No. 2 to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.54 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.44 
   
 Amendment No. 2 to the Torchmark Corporation Supplementary Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.55 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.45 
   
 Amendment No. 3 to the Torchmark Corporation Supplementary Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.56 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.46 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.57 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.47 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.58 to Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.48 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Award (Compensation Committee grant) under Torchmark Corporation 2007 Long-Term Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.59 to Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.49 
   
 Amendment Four to the Torchmark Corporation Supplementary Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.52 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.50 
   
 Amendment Three to the Torchmark Corporation Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.53 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2008)* 
   
 
      116  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page of this Report 


 
 
 
 
 
 10.51 
   
 Amendment One to the Torchmark Corporation Restated Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, Advisory Directors, Directors Emeritus and Officers (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.54
to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.52 
   
 Amendment Two to the Torchmark Corporation Restated Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.55 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2008)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.53 
   
 Amendment to the Torchmark Corporation 2007 Long-Term Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.56 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.54 
   
 Amendment Five to the Torchmark Corporation Savings and Investment Plan (amended and restated as of January 1, 2009) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.54 to Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.55 
   
 Amendment Six to the Torchmark Corporation Savings and Investment Plan (As Restated Effective January 1, 2009) (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.56 to Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2012)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.56 
   
 Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2008 among AILIC Receivables Corporation, American Income Life Insurance Company and TMK Re, Ltd. (incorporated by reference from
Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated January 6, 2009) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.57 
   
 Amendment No.1 to Receivables Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2008 among AILIC Receivables Corporation, American Income Life Insurance Company, and TMK Re, Ltd. (incorporated
by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.58 
   
 Torchmark Corporation Amended 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2014)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.59 
   
 Form of Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.57 to Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December
31,2010)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.60 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.58 to Form 10-K for fiscal year
ended December 31, 2010)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.61 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.59 to Form 10-K for fiscal
year ended December 31, 2010)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.62 
   
 Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.63 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Award (Executive) under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated
May 4, 2011)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.64 
   
 Form of Restricted Stock Award (Special) under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.65 
   
 Form of Ten year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.66 
   
 Form of Seven year Stock Option under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2011)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.67 
   
 Form of Performance Share Award under Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated February 27, 2012)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.68 
   
   First Amendment to Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated April 29,
2014)* 
   
 
      117  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
   
   
   
   
 Page of this Report 
   


 
 
 
 
 
 10.69 
   
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement (Special) pursuant to Torchmark Corporation 2011 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated May 31,
2013)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.70 
   
 Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreement of February 26, 2009 between Torchmark Corporation and Mark S. McAndrew (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated May 31,
2013)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.71 
   
 Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreement of February 25, 2010 between Torchmark Corporation and Mark S. McAndrew (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K dated May 31,
2013)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.72 
   
 Amendment to Restricted Stock Award Agreement of April 28, 2011 between Torchmark Corporation and Mark S. McAndrew (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K dated May 31,
2013)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.73 
   
 Consent and Acknowledgement of Amendment to Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement dated April 8, 2013 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to
 Form 8-K  dated April 8, 2013)* 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 10.74 
   
 Amendment Seventeen to Torchmark Corporation Amended and Restated Pension Plan (as Restated Effective January 1, 2009)* (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to Form 10-K for fiscal
year ended December 31, 2013) 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (11) 
   
 Statement re computation of per share earnings 
   
   
 119 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 (12) 
   
 Statement re computation of ratios 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (20) 
   
 Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held April 30, 2015*** 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (21) 
   
 Subsidiaries of the registrant 
   
   
 119 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 (23) 
   
 Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (24) 
   
 Powers of attorney 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (31.1) 
   
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Gary L. Coleman 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (31.2) 
   
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Larry M. Hutchison 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (31.3) 
   
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification by Frank M. Svoboda 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (32.1) 
   
 Section 1350 Certification by Gary L. Coleman, Larry M. Hutchison and Frank M. Svoboda 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 (101) 
   
 Interactive Data File 
   
 
 
 
     
 
 
 * 
   
 Compensatory plan or arrangement.  
 
 
 ** 
   
 Certain portions of the exhibit have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment which was granted June 23, 2010 effective until May 9, 2015. The  non-public  information was filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule  24b-2  under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
 
 
 *** 
   
 To be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.  
      118  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  Exhibit 11. Statement re computation of per share earnings  
     TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
 COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013*     
   
    
     2012*     
   


 
   Net Income 
    
 $ 
 542,939,000 
    
    
 $ 
 528,472,000 
    
    
 $ 
 529,324,000 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Basic weighted average shares outstanding 
    
   
 130,721,738 
    
    
   
 137,646,885 
    
    
   
 144,921,299 
    
 
   Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
    
   
 132,640,244 
    
    
   
 139,563,785 
    
    
   
 146,847,582 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Basic net income per share 
    
 $ 
 4.15 
    
    
 $ 
 3.84 
    
    
 $ 
 3.65 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
   Diluted net income per share 
    
 $ 
 4.09 
    
    
 $ 
 3.79 
    
    
 $ 
 3.60 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 * 
   
 Shares and per share amounts have been retrospectively adjusted for the stock split effective July 1, 2014.                Exhibit 21. Subsidiaries of the Registrant        The following table lists subsidiaries of the registrant which meet the definition of “significant subsidiary” according to Regulation S-X:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                 Company        
         
    
   State of Incorporation 
      
   Name Under Which Company Does Business 


 
   American Income Life 
 Insurance Company 
    
 Indiana 
      
   American Income Life 
 Insurance Company 
 
   Globe Life And Accident 
 Insurance Company 
    
 Nebraska 
      
   Globe Life And Accident 
 Insurance Company 
 
   Liberty National Life 
 Insurance Company 
    
 Nebraska 
      
   Liberty National Life 
 Insurance Company 
 
   United American 
 Insurance Company 
    
 Nebraska 
      
   United American 
 Insurance Company 
       All other exhibits required by Regulation S-K are
listed as to location in the “Index of documents filed as a part of this report” on pages 113 through 118 of this report. Exhibits not referred to have been omitted as inapplicable or not required.  
      119  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
 (PARENT COMPANY)    SCHEDULE II.
CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT    CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (Amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 December 31, 
   
 
   
    
       2014       
   
   
       2013       
   


 
   Assets: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Investments: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Long-term investments 
    
 $ 
 38,910 
    
   
 $ 
 34,816 
    
 
   Short-term investments 
    
   
 5,686 
    
   
   
 8,415 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total investments 
    
   
 44,596 
    
   
   
 43,231 
    
 
   Cash 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Investment in affiliates 
    
   
 6,023,666 
    
   
   
 5,074,326 
    
 
   Due from affiliates 
    
   
 50,766 
    
   
   
 50,766 
    
 
   Taxes receivable from affiliates 
    
   
 76,050 
    
   
   
 66,168 
    
 
   Other assets 
    
   
 64,092 
    
   
   
 45,533 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total assets 
    
 $ 
 6,259,170 
    
   
 $ 
 5,280,024 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities and shareholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Liabilities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Short-term debt 
    
 $ 
 238,398 
    
   
 $ 
 229,070 
    
 
   Long-term debt 
    
   
 1,141,773 
    
   
   
 1,140,469 
    
 
   Due to affiliates 
    
   
 652 
    
   
   
 652 
    
 
   Other liabilities 
    
   
 180,881 
    
   
   
 133,491 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities 
    
   
 1,561,704 
    
   
   
 1,503,682 
    
 
 
 
 
 
   Shareholders’ equity: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Preferred stock 
    
   
 351 
    
   
   
 351 
    
 
   Common stock 
    
   
 134,218 
    
   
   
 151,218 
    
 
   Additional paid-in capital 
    
   
 808,124 
    
   
   
 812,569 
    
 
   Accumulated other comprehensive income 
    
   
 997,452 
    
   
   
 210,981 
    
 
   Retained earnings 
    
   
 3,376,846 
    
   
   
 3,495,533 
    
 
   Treasury stock 
    
   
 (619,525 
 )  
   
   
 (894,310 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total shareholders’ equity 
    
   
 4,697,466 
    
   
   
 3,776,342 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity 
    
 $ 
 6,259,170 
    
   
 $ 
 5,280,024 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       See Notes to Condensed Financial
Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered    Public Accounting Firm.  
      120  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
 (PARENT COMPANY)    SCHEDULE II.
CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT (continued)  
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
 (Amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
       2014       
   
   
       2013       
   
   
       2012       
   


 
   Net investment income 
    
 $ 
 22,259 
    
   
 $ 
 24,268 
    
   
 $ 
 22,968 
    
 
   Realized investment gains (losses) 
    
   
 4,767 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (3,534 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total revenue 
    
   
 27,026 
    
   
   
 24,268 
    
   
   
 19,434 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   General operating expenses 
    
   
 53,235 
    
   
   
 53,255 
    
   
   
 49,549 
    
 
   Reimbursements from affiliates 
    
   
 (53,040 
 )  
   
   
 (46,855 
 )  
   
   
 (31,184 
 )  
 
   Interest expense 
    
   
 79,366 
    
   
   
 84,273 
    
   
   
 81,145 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Total expenses 
    
   
 79,561 
    
   
   
 90,673 
    
   
   
 99,510 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Operating income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of affiliates 
    
   
 (52,535 
 )  
   
   
 (66,405 
 )  
   
   
 (80,076 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Income taxes 
    
   
 13,335 
    
   
   
 17,390 
    
   
   
 24,916 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net operating loss before equity in earnings of affiliates 
    
   
 (39,200 
 )  
   
   
 (49,015 
 )  
   
   
 (55,160 
 )  
 
   Equity in earnings of affiliates 
    
   
 582,139 
    
   
   
 577,487 
    
   
   
 584,484 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net income 
    
   
 542,939 
    
   
   
 528,472 
    
   
   
 529,324 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Other comprehensive income (loss): 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Attributable to Parent Company 
    
   
 (28,680 
 )  
   
   
 38,557 
    
   
   
 (31,388 
 )  
 
   Attributable to affiliates 
    
   
 815,151 
    
   
   
 (752,851 
 )  
   
   
 406,747 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Comprehensive income 
    
 $ 
 1,329,410 
    
   
 $ 
 (185,822 
 )  
   
 $ 
 904,683 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       See Notes to Condensed Financial
Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered    Public Accounting Firm.  
      121  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 


  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
 (PARENT COMPANY)    SCHEDULE II.
CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT—(continued)  
  CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
 (Amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
       2014       
   
   
       2013       
   
   
       2012       
   


 
   Cash provided from (used for) operations before dividends from subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 (21,358 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (54,213 
 )  
   
 $ 
 (5,652 
 )  
 
   Cash dividends from subsidiaries 
    
   
 478,840 
    
   
   
 488,376 
    
   
   
 436,814 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash provided from operations 
    
   
 457,482 
    
   
   
 434,163 
    
   
   
 431,162 
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash provided from (used for) investing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Disposition of investments 
    
   
 5,064 
    
   
   
 514 
    
   
   
 3,955 
    
 
   Net decrease (increase) in short-term investments 
    
   
 2,729 
    
   
   
 (6,805 
 )  
   
   
 (17,524 
 )  
 
   Acquisition of Family Heritage 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (213,747 
 )  
 
   Investment in other subsidiaries 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (205 
 )  
 
   Loaned money to affiliates 
    
   
 (81,000 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Repayments from affiliates 
    
   
 81,000 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash provided from (used for) investing activities 
    
   
 7,793 
    
   
   
 (6,291 
 )  
   
   
 (227,521 
 )  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Cash provided from (used for) financing activities: 
    
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   Issuance of 3.8% Senior Notes 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 300,000 
    
 
   Issuance of 5.875% Junior Subordinated Debentures 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 125,000 
    
 
   Issue expenses of debt offerings 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (7,543 
 )  
 
   Repayment of 7.375% Notes 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (94,050 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Redemption of 7.1% Junior Subordinated Debentures 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (123,711 
 )  
 
   Net issuance (repayment) of commercial paper 
    
   
 9,328 
    
   
   
 3,983 
    
   
   
 245 
    
 
   Issuance of stock 
    
   
 56,294 
    
   
   
 97,677 
    
   
   
 181,022 
    
 
   Acquisitions of treasury stock 
    
   
 (449,309 
 )  
   
   
 (482,264 
 )  
   
   
 (570,165 
 )  
 
   Borrowed money from affiliate 
    
   
 168,000 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Repayments to affiliates 
    
   
 (168,000 
 )  
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
 
   Net borrowings (to)/from affiliates 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 120,000 
    
   
   
 (69,000 
 )  
 
   Excess tax benefit on stock option exercises 
    
   
 6,688 
    
   
   
 10,963 
    
   
   
 12,209 
    
 
   Payment of dividends 
    
   
 (88,276 
 )  
   
   
 (84,181 
 )  
   
   
 (78,797 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash provided from (used for) financing activities 
    
   
 (465,275 
 )  
   
   
 (427,872 
 )  
   
   
 (230,740 
 )  
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Net increase (decrease) in cash 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 (27,099 
 )  
 
   Cash balance at beginning of period 
    
   
 0 
    
   
   
 0 
    
   
   
 27,099 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
 
   Cash balance at end of period 
    
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
 0 
    
   
 $ 
              0 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
   
     
     
   
       See Notes to Condensed Financial
Statements and accompanying Report of Independent Registered    Public Accounting Firm.  
      122  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION    (PARENT COMPANY)    NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (Amounts in thousands)      
 Note A—Dividends from Subsidiaries      
 Cash dividends paid to Torchmark from the subsidiaries were as follows:  
   
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   


 
   Dividends from subsidiaries 
    
 $ 
 478,840 
    
    
 $ 
 488,376 
    
    
 $ 
 436,814 
    
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
       Note B—Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow
Information        The following table summarizes noncash
transactions, which are not reflected on the  Condensed Statements of Cash Flows :      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   


 
   Stock-based compensation not involving cash 
    
 $ 
 32,203 
    
    
 $ 
 25,642 
    
    
 $ 
 21,605 
    
 
   Debt assumed to acquire Family Heritage 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 20,000 
    
 
   Dividend of subsidiary to Parent 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 1,246,557 
    
    
   
 0 
    
 
   Dividend of subsidiary applied to loan balance 
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 72,000 
    
    
   
 0 
    
       The following table summarizes certain
amounts paid (received) during the period:      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Year Ended December 31, 
   
 
   
    
     2014     
   
    
     2013     
   
    
     2012     
   


 
   Interest paid 
    
 $ 
 77,663 
    
    
 $ 
 85,443 
    
    
 $ 
 76,833 
    
 
   Income taxes received 
    
   
 25,581 
    
    
   
 27,820 
    
    
   
 29,251 
    
       Note C—Preferred Stock  
     As of December 31, 2014, Torchmark had 351 thousand shares of
Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, issued and outstanding, of which 280 thousand shares were 6.50% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A, and 71 thousand shares were 7.15% Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series A (collectively, the
“Series A Preferred Stock”). All issued and outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock were held by wholly-owned insurance subsidiaries. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock at the
time outstanding would be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution out of the assets legally available to stockholders in the amount of $1 thousand per share or $351 million in the aggregate, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends, before any
distribution is made to holders of Torchmark common stock. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights nor have rights to convert such shares into shares of any other class of Torchmark capital stock.  
         See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.  
      123  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  TORCHMARK CORPORATION  
 SCHEDULE IV. REINSURANCE (CONSOLIDATED)  
 (Amounts in thousands)      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
 Gross Amount 
   
    
 Ceded to Other Companies (1) 
   
    
 Assumed from Other Companies 
   
    
 Net Amount 
   
    
 Percentage of Amount Assumed to Net 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2014: 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   


 
   Life insurance in force 
    
 $ 
 160,455,963 
    
    
 $ 
 795,192 
    
    
 $ 
 3,658,511 
    
    
 $ 
 163,319,282 
    
    
   
 2.2 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Premiums: (2) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Life insurance 
    
 $ 
 1,924,605 
    
    
 $ 
 4,614 
    
    
 $ 
 25,774 
    
    
 $ 
 1,945,765 
    
    
   
 1.3 
 %  
 
   Health insurance 
    
   
 1,245,671 
    
    
   
 2,951 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 1,242,720 
    
    
   
 0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total premium 
    
 $ 
 3,170,276 
    
    
 $ 
 7,565 
    
    
 $ 
 25,774 
    
    
 $ 
 3,188,485 
    
    
   
 .8 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2013: 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   Life insurance in force 
    
 $ 
 154,488,511 
    
    
 $ 
 782,125 
    
    
 $ 
 3,882,237 
    
    
 $ 
 157,588,623 
    
    
   
 2.5 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Premiums: (2) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Life insurance 
    
 $ 
 1,841,425 
    
    
 $ 
 4,645 
    
    
 $ 
 26,960 
    
    
 $ 
 1,863,740 
    
    
   
 1.4 
 %  
 
   Health insurance 
    
   
 1,169,534 
    
    
   
 3,124 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 1,166,410 
    
    
   
 0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total premium 
    
 $ 
 3,010,959 
    
    
 $ 
 7,769 
    
    
 $ 
 26,960 
    
    
 $ 
 3,030,150 
    
    
   
 .9 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   For the Year Ended December 31, 2012: 
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
   
 
   Life insurance in force 
    
 $ 
 150,107,614 
    
    
 $ 
 800,905 
    
    
 $ 
 4,138,180 
    
    
 $ 
 153,444,889 
    
    
   
 2.7 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Premiums: (2) 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
 
   Life insurance 
    
 $ 
 1,762,640 
    
    
 $ 
 7,592 
    
    
 $ 
 30,725 
    
    
 $ 
 1,785,773 
    
    
   
 1.7 
 %  
 
   Health insurance 
    
   
 1,049,608 
    
    
   
 2,229 
    
    
   
 0 
    
    
   
 1,047,379 
    
    
   
 0 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
 
 
   Total premium 
    
 $ 
 2,812,248 
    
    
 $ 
 9,821 
    
    
 $ 
 30,725 
    
    
 $ 
 2,833,152 
    
    
   
 1.1 
 %  
 
 
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
    
     
     
   
     
 
 
 (1) 
   
 No amounts have been netted against ceded premium  
 
 
 (2) 
   
 Excludes policy charges of  $20,935, $22,124, and $23,310 in each of the years 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.  
     See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm.  
      124  


 
 
 Table of Contents 

 Index to Financial Statements 

  SIGNATURES  
     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 12 or 15(d) of the Securities
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 T ORCHMARK  C ORPORATION 


 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    G ARY  L.
C OLEMAN         
 
 
   
 Gary L. Coleman, 
 
 
   
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    L ARRY  M.
H UTCHISON         
 
 
   
 Larry M. Hutchison 
 
 
   
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    F RANK  M.
S VOBODA         
 
 
   
   Frank M. Svoboda, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
       Date: February 27, 2015  
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.      
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    C HARLES  E.
A DAIR   *         
   
 
   
   By: 
   
   /s/    L LOYD  W.
N EWTON   *         
 
 
   
 Charles E. Adair 
   
 
   
 
   
   Lloyd W. Newton 
 
 
   
 Director 
   
 
   
 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 / S /    M ARILYN  A.
A LEXANDER   *         
   
 
   
   By: 
   
   /s/    D ARREN  M.
R EBELEZ   *         
 
 
   
 Marilyn A. Alexander 
   
 
   
 
   
   Darren M. Rebelez 
 
 
   
 Director 
   
 
   
 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 / S /    D AVID  L.
B OREN   *         
   
 
   
   By: 
   
   /s/    L AMAR  C.
S MITH   *         
 
 
   
 David L. Boren 
   
 
   
 
   
   Lamar C. Smith 
 
 
   
 Director 
   
 
   
 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    J ANE  M.
B UCHAN   *         
   
 
   
   By: 
   
   /s/    P AUL  J.
Z UCCONI   *         
 
 
   
 Jane M. Buchan 
   
 
   
 
   
   Paul J. Zucconi 
 
 
   
 Director 
   
 
   
 
   
   Director 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 By: 
   
 /s/    R OBERT  W.
I NGRAM   *         
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 Robert W. Ingram 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 Director 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 Date: February 27, 2015 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   *By:   
   
 /s/    F RANK  M. S VOBODA         
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 Frank M. Svoboda 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 Attorney-in-fact 
   
 
   
 
   
 
 
      125  

 
 
 
